A former lecturer of the Department of Languages, Kaduna Polytechnic, Austin Umera, shot his wife in the eyes before killing himself. An eye witness told Tribune Online that the deceased attacked his wife in the early hours of Thursday with the aim of taking her life. “We heard gunshots from the house and we quickly called the emergency number. Immediately the policemen arrived at the residence at Kigo Road. According to the source, the police took the injured wife to the hospital because she was shot in the eyes. While the dead body of her husband was lying on the ground. As at the time of filing this report, the injured wife Dr Maurin Umerah who is a part-time lecturer at the Department of Languages, Kaduna State University is receiving treatment at 44 Army Reference Hospital Accident and Emergency Unit. When contacted, the Police image-maker, ASP Mohammed Jalige, confirmed the incident. He said an investigation has since commenced. Meanwhile, the corpse of the man has been deposited at Barau Dikko mortuary. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… BREAKING: Ooni Of Ife, Queen Naomi Welcome Baby Boy After two years of marriage and waiting on the Lord, the Ooni of Ife and his Queen, Naomi Silekunola, on Wednesday, announced the arrival of a baby boy into the royal house of Oduduwa. Ex-poly lecturer kills self after shooting wife in Kaduna Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. Ex-poly lecturer kills self after shooting wife in Kaduna SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.