Unknown Gunmen on Friday kidnapped the chairman of Esan Central Local government Area of the state, Prof. Waziri Edokpa along the Benin-Abuja highway. Edokpa on leave of absence from the Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Ambrose Alli University (AAU) Ekpoma, was reportedly kidnapped in the early hours of the day. While the dust raised by the abduction of the local government chairman was yet to settle down, passengers of a popular Benin-based transport company were hijacked and kidnapped by gunmen. The driver of the bus which was said to have been travelling to Abuja from Benin was reportedly shot dead by the kidnappers. As of the time of filing this report, the whereabouts of all the nine kidnapped passengers are still unknown. It was gathered that the chairmen of local government areas from Edo south are in a closed-door meeting with the Edo state Commissioner of Police, Johnson Kokumo in a desperate effort to map out strategies to free their colleague. In another development, a 400-level medical student of an unnamed university, Miss Oghogho Christiana, was also kidnapped along Benin/Auchi road on Thursday. A total of 48 suspects made up of runaway prisoners of Oko and Sapele Road Correctional Centres in Benin, kidnappers and armed robbers were recently arrested by the police and paraded at the state police headquarters. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday.Edo LG chairman   Edo LG chairman Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.Edo LG chairman  Edo LG chairman Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving.Edo LG chairman  Edo LG chairman NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.