The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State has urged voters in Lagos East Senatorial District to come out in large numbers to exercise their civic duty and vote overwhelmingly for the APC candidate, Mr Tokunbo Abiru, in the forthcoming senatorial bye-election fixed for December 5, 2020. In a press statement issued in Abeokuta, on Sunday, and signed by the Publicity Secretary of APC Caretaker Committee in Ogun State, Tunde Oladunjoye, the party maintained that Mr Tokunbo Abiru comes with rich, enviable and recommendable credentials and records of meritorious service in public and private establishment: “he possesses the best credentials and characters among the candidates and is most qualified to occupy the seat of Lagos-East District at the upper chambers of the National Assembly.” Speaking further, APC Ogun remarked that “Lagos East is a stronghold of the progressives for decades, and the seat was last occupied by our illustrious son, Senator Bayo Osinowo, popularly known as “pepperito”. We have no doubt that Abiru will continue from where our son stopped as even take it further to a greater height. Abiru at the Senate, will not only be of immense benefits to Lagos East Senatorial District and Lagos State as a whole, but also to South West”, Oladunjoye said in the statement. While urging the registered voters of Lagos East to troop out to cast their votes peacefully for “this renowned banker, philanthropist and core progressive, we also advise them to monitor their votes to ensure that their votes count,” the statement concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now