AS a way of appreciating his contributions, the outgoing University of Ibadan (UI) Vice-Chancellor (VC), Professor Abel Idowu Olayinka, has written a letter of commendation to his Media Assistant, Mr Sunday Saanu, praising him for his professional competence. Professor Olayinka whose five-year tenure expires on November 30 commended Saanu for his contributions to the success of the administration. In a letter he personally signed and dated November 1, 2020,  the outgoing vice-chancellor said, “I write to commend you for your level of performance and contributions as Media Relations Officer in the Vice Chancellor’s office during my tenure as Vice Chancellor” Professor Olayinka stated, “while working in the VC’s office during my tenure, you handled your duties with every sense of responsibility, and demonstrated loyalty, dedication, effectiveness and efficiency. Your knowledge and ability to take initiative are also commendable” He wished Saanu all the best in his career. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.