The harmonised 2021 Budget will be presented to the Senate on December 3. Chairman Senate Committee on Appropriation, Senator Jubril Barau made the disclosure on Tuesday after a presentation by some Senate Committees who submitted their reports for consideration. President Muhammadu Buhari had last October presented a budget estimate of N13.08 trillion before a joint session of both chambers of National Assembly. Senator Barau said his Committee would stick to the date to meet up with the lawmakers’ assurance on January-December budget cycle. He said:” We have our time table, we want to submit by 3rd of December, 2020. We are going to submit a harmonized version of the 2021 budget by the grace of God. “We are working towards submission of the budget on December 3.” The Senator representing Kano North senatorial district told newsmen that omission of expenditures by certain Ministries, Department and Agencies would be adequately addressed by his Committee ahead of the presentation of its report. “The budget proposal is a very, very wide process talking about an estimate of expenditures that are going to be overtaken by the Federal government. “So, you have several expenditures, so there is room for an omission that is why we are here. We tell our own committees to go and scrutinize the budget of Ministries and report back to us. “Whatever you see in the budget whether is an omission, our work is to get the report and engage our own experts here. “We have accountants, we have economists, they will be addressed, if there is a need for correction, if there is an omission, we will fill those gaps. So there is no cause for alarm.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday.2021 budget  2021 budget Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.2021 budget Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving.2021 budget NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.