Mr Ikechukwu Friday Nnamani, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Medallion Communications Limited, has emerged the new National President of the Association of  Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria (ATCON). Nnamani emerged unopposed for the position during the Association’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) and the National Executive Council Elections held in Lagos,last week. In his acceptance speech, Nnamani said he would focus attention on three core areas during his tenure. These, he said, would include the provision of enabling environment for further growth of the telecoms industry and pursuit of telecoms financing, strengthening the secretariat for more efficiency and financial sustainability of the association. Nnamani, who was the  first Vice President of the association during 2018/2020 administration, has a core vision of bridging the digital divide between nations and integrates technologies for practical solutions. He further reiterated that his administration will focus on driving increased membership by making sure that members of the association are well-representated at all levels, especially in areas where they have challenges with government agencies, and the regulators. He said  further: ”It is easier when members come through the association to address issues affecting them than when they go alone because you suddenly notice you’re not the only one facing same challenge. When the regulator sees that more than one entity is facing same challenge, they take it more serious then when they feel it’s isolated to one company. “The other area I intend to also pursue is telecoms financing.  A lot of our members have complained about challenges in accessing the right means of equity or even FOREX to those that requires importation of technical equipment and infrastructure.  So, my  administration will be engaging with the relevant government agencies to put an end to such challenges.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.