The people of Ikere-Ekiti, the headquarters of Ikere Local Government Area of Ekiti State has resolved to rebuild and equip the burnt police stations in the town. The resolution was reached after a series of extensive meetings attended by the people of the town, including community leaders, youths and market women amongst others. The arsonists had burnt down the police stations and operational vehicles during the last nationwide #EndSARS protests leading to attack on both the Area Command and Divisional police stations in the town. Rising from the meeting, on Wednesday, the community in a communique signed by the monarch of the town, Oba Adejimi Adu, mandated a retired Assistant Inspector General (AIG), Kayode Ogunsakin who hails from the town to speed up the building of police post which was under construction in the town. The community condemned outrightly the violence and its attendant wanton destruction of public property, vowing to cooperate with the police to arrest some of the hoodlums who burnt the police stations. According to the communique, “the youths decided to henceforth resist and combat anyone or group wishing to destroy, vandalise any public or private property in Ikere Ekiti in future.” It urged the indigenes of the community, especially the youths to eschew violence and embrace peace as no town could have any meaningful development in the midst of violence. The community, however, appealed to the police to as a matter of urgency reverse its decision to withdraw policemen from the town in the best interest and wellbeing of the law-abiding residents of the community. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. #EndSARS: Ekiti community to rebuild burnt police stations SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.