President Muhammadu Buhari has joined family and friends of former Anambra Governor, Dame Virgy Etiaba, in celebrating her 78th birthday on Nov. 11, 2020. The president, in a congratulatory message by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Tuesday saluted Etiaba’s courage for delving into politics and leaving a legacy of being the first and only female governor so far in Nigeria’s history. He believed the former governor, who also served her state as a Deputy Governor, set the pace for future possibilities for women in the country to start participating fully in politics and governance and taking ownership in driving development that clearly needs more female inclusion. The president noted with appreciation Etiaba’s contributions to educational development, working variously as a teacher and headteacher in many parts of the country before retiring and setting up an institution that continues to promote knowledge, discipline and good character. He prayed that the almighty God would grant the former governor longer life, good health and wisdom to keep inspiring and mentoring more women into leadership. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Etiaba was sworn in on Nov. 6, 2006, as the previous governor, Peter Obi was impeached by the state legislature. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.