3 trailer loads of charcoal worth several millions of naira have been confiscated by the Bauchi State government through the Ministry of Housing and Environment in collaboration with the State Environmental Protection Agency (BASEPA). The trailers loaded with 500 bags of charcoals were apprehended at Nabardo village in Toro local government area of the state coming out from the Lame/Burra forest where the charcoal were made and packaged. The development was disclosed by the State Commissioner of Housing and Environment, Mu’azu Hamisu Shira while Addressing journalists Friday at the premises of BASEPA. The Commissioner explained that the Ministry in partnership with the Bauchi State Environmental Protection Agency (BASEPA) and the State Police Command impounded the trailers loaded with the charcoals and arrested the owners as well as the drivers of the trailers based on information given by an informant who is a concerned citizen. According to the Commissioner, felling of trees to make firewoods, timber or charcoals is proscribed in the state in view of the environmental hazards it has caused the scenery of the environment across the state. Hamisu Mu’azu further stated that the suspects were taking the charcoals to Kano and Borno states for commercial purposes at the detriment of the state urging the general public to always report illegal felling of trees within their domains. He said that, “The Ministry will reward anyone who exposed those who are into illegal felling of trees for firewoods, timber or charcoals. Deforestation is very dangerous to the environment. We want to encourage the planting of more trees. Those who plant trees will also be rewarded.” The Commissioner said that, “charcoal business is booming in the state because it is done by very influential people, it is like a cartel or mafia. They have severally threatened my life but I am not deterred, we must put a stop to the illegal act to save our state environment.” Also speaking, Chairman, House Committee on Information, Musa Wakili Nakwada stressed the importance of preserving the environment by encouraging tree planting while discouraging tree felling. He also commended the officials of BASEPA for ensuring that the state was kept clean stressing that all hands must be on deck in protecting the environment by not engaging in tree felling and other things that are dangerous to the environment. The suspects are to be tried by the Special Environmental Offences Court presided over by a Chief Magistrate in line with the environmental laws enacted and passed into law by the state government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Bauchi govt intercepts  Bauchi govt intercepts #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youths, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Bauchi govt intercepts  Bauchi govt intercepts NEWS ANALYSIS: Arewa House Parley: Any 2023 Connection? THE crème de la crème converged on Kaduna on Saturday for an epochal 50th anniversary of Arewa House, otherwise referred to as the Centre for Historical Documentation and Research. Apart from the stimulating lecture delivered by the chairman of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) and Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, the occasion brought together a galaxy of politicians of different affiliations, academics, former top military brass and foremost traditional rulers from the entire 19 states making up the northern axis of the country…Bauchi govt intercepts NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE