Political associates and supporters of the late political icon in Kwara State, Chief Olusola Saraki, converged at his Ilofa GRA residence on Saturday for the eighth-year Fidau prayers in memory of the late politician. Among those present at the event were children of the deceased; former Senate President, Bukola Saraki and the minister of state for Transportation, Gbemisola Saraki, among other children, as well as former political office holders and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) members in and outside the state. The Fidau programme, led by the Chief Imam of Ilorin, Sheikh Mohammad Bashir, also included the Grand Mukadam of the Ilorin emirate, Alhaji Sulaiman Dan-Borno, Sheikh Saanu Sheu and Imam Abdulrazaq Aduagba. The clerics, in their separate sermons, admonished parents to bequeath love, good moral and religious teachings to their children for them to benefit remembrance prayers from such responsible children. ALSO READ: #EndSARS: SARS kill two of my members, call them kidnappers, Pastor to Ebonyi judiciary panel Sheikh Bashir said that late Saraki touched lives positively in all parts of the state and beyond through his philanthropic outreach and political administration, adding that the late politician lived an exemplary life being emulated by the children. The clerics said that the Fidau prayer should be part of obligations of every responsible children to late parents, adding that such act attracts reward from God because it is what God loves and commanded. Chief Mukadam of Ilorin, Sheikh Suleiman Dan-Borno, particularly, expressed gladness over presence of both Senators Bukola Saraki and Gbemisola Saraki, at the event, prayed that devil will not separate them. “We hold it that with your togetherness, love and unity, people will not see secret of Ilorin. Late Olusola Saraki planted goodness, peace, prosperity in all parts of the state. And people benefitted therefrom. We are assured that Saraki is happy in his grave with what is happening among the children and the people he left behind”, he said. Also, Imam Abdulrazaq Aduagba said that people of Kwara are happy with children of late political icon, adding that, “Saraki is a symbol of love. We appreciate God through you with what the state is now missing with your absence in politics. You deserve commendation because you did not disappoint Kwara people despite series of probes”. The cleric urged people to discourage bad publicity against Saraki, saying that Allah has His ways of controlling affairs of life. “We can all see the difference in what happened before and what’s happening now in the political situation of Kwara. Our people, should therefore, change their ways to love one another. Let’s forgive ourselves and accept God’s ways. Why expressing anger against who can help you?”, he asked rhetorically. Meanwhile, the former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, was welcomed into Ilorin, the state capital on Saturday by his supporters tumultuously. Shouts of “idera de”, Peace has returned, rented the air as chorused by supporters of Saraki along Ilorin International Airport road and adjoining roads in the metropolis. Meandering through popular Gerin Alimi area, Sawmill road and other communities leading to the Emir’s palace became Herculean task as supporters of the former Senate President crowded the places. The scenes at the surrounding streets of Ilofa GRA, residence of the Saraki family was a beehive of activities, as crowd of supporters milled around to welcome their political leader back into the town, dressed in customized T-shirts and caps, with such inscriptions as “Saraki we love”, “o su wa”, “abs-Saraki”. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.