It was another happy moment for popular entertainers such as Iyabo Ojo and Fuji star, Wasiu Alabi, otherwise known as Pasuma as they were unveiled as brand ambassadors of Pragmatic Homes, a real estate investment, development and management company in a 3-in-1 event held at the company’s new office in Omole Phase 2, Lagos State. The development, according to the Managing Director, Pragmatic Homes, Funke Shobowale, is a means to encourage celebrities to own a property as the industry does not promise retirement benefits. Speaking shortly after her unveiling, actress Iyabo Ojo noted that it was important for entertainers and other people to own properties, saying “as a new landlady, it is my desire and dream to see people of all ages get their properties. At Pragmatic Homes, they have proper documentation for all their properties. And one does not need to have all the money at once before getting the properties. They can pay in installments.” Just after the unveiling, the company, at the event also  commissioned its new office complex-art office as the officials took turns to highlight some of the company’s strategies in making sure anyone who comes in contact with them smiles home in fulfillment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today