Senior cleric and founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, with headquarters in Lagos, Primate Elijah Ayodele, has revealed how he warned President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, in his re-election bid, years before the 2020 United States’ general election. In a chat with Sunday Tribune, the revered cleric stated that he had warned President Trump to be very careful with his policies and general administrative style if he desired to get reelected. “Since 2017, I warned Donald Trump on his re-election bid but he refused to listen. I said clearly that if Joe Biden is taken by the Democrats, he would deliver,” he said. It will be recalled that the seer had correctly predicted the electoral victories of governors Godwin Obaseki and Rotimi Akeredolu of Edo and Ondo states respectively, among many other international prophecies which have come to fulfillment. In the 2017/2018, 2019/2020 and 2020/2021 editions of Warning to the Nations: Collections of Divine Signals, Primate Ayodele specifically stated that should Trump ignore God’s directives, he would have himself to blame. On page 242 of the 2019/2020 edition of the Warning to the Nations, published in 2019, Primate Ayodele warned specifically about the 2020 US election that “In the coming election, it will not be easy. If the Democrats have a good candidate, it can defeat the Republican. The President of America will not manage his words very well during his campaign. I foresee that some members of his inner caucus will resign from his government. Donald Trump will use violent language against any candidate coming from the Democratic Party. Republicans supporters may not give them support as expected.” Also, about a year after, on page 194 of the 2020/2021 edition of the Warning to the Nations, Primate Ayodele stated further and most reassuringly that “Trump will fight the Democrats just to get his victory. He will take series of steps just to see that he wins the election. Trump will be out with so much blackmail. He will bring out various allegations against the Democrats that can tear the country apart.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE