Following the recent outbreak of Coronavirus in some boarding schools in Lagos State, stakeholders have met to brainstorm and fashion out ways to tackle the looming second wave of the virus in the state. The event, a one-day sensitisation meeting on safe school re-opening protocols, sponsored by the UNICEF, was held at Folarin Coker hall of the Staff Clinic, Alausa Secretariat and it is targeted at protecting children especially in this COVID-19 era as well as ensuring the well-being of teachers and other school personnel. The Senior Special Assistant on Health to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State, Dr. OreOluwa Finnih said the meeting was to ensure reduction of infection in schools and build a proper support system for any child that might contact the disease to avoid stigma. Dr Finnih added that school health services was a vital aspect of the community as the growth in the health of the children, teachers and other school personnel could not be over-emphasised. She said the range of services put up by the government include; training of school personnel in order to promote, protect their health. ALSO READ: Don’t allow tribal, religious sentiments to divide you, Archbishop Kaigama cautions youths According to her, “school children constitute a vital segment of the population especially in the Covid-19 era as they are the most vulnerable segment due to their physical, mental, emotional and social growth during this period.” Commenting, the Director General, Office of Education, Quality Assurance, Lagos State Ministry of Education, Abiola Seriki Ayenni, said for the state, preparations are ongoing that is centered on building capacity of persons involve as well as ensuring adequate social distancing, wearing of masks and washing of hands in schools. “We also ensure to up skilled our staff as they go out to the field to sensitise our schools on information and as well ensure compliance to these safety protocols. We currently have 29,000 teachers that are registered in the agencies website for this exercise and most have taken the online teacher course. We have also registered 14,000 schools both public and private towards the clearance of schools for COVID-19.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.