Following termination of the joint ownership of the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso by Oyo and Osun states, Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday, hinted of plans to have LAUTECH run multi-campus. Makinde gave this hint while addressing students of the LAUTECH who came to the governor’s office, State Secretariat, Ibadan, on an “Appreciation Walk.” The students led by Chairman, National Association of Nigeria Students, Joint Campus Committee, Oyo State chapter, Mr Oluwafunmibi Opakunle, said the appreciation visit to Makinde for securing the sole ownership of the Institution was fitting as it will bring an end to the lingering crises rocking the institution over the years. Speaking, Makinde noted that with the sole ownership, LAUTECH had an opportunity to be a true citadel of learning and research. This is as he added that the LAUTECH to more greatly impacts upon its immediate community, Ogbomoso, Oyo State and Nigeria at large. Makinde said: “LAUTECH is a university and the word university came from the word universal. “We have an opportunity now to feel the impact of LAUTECH on the economy of Ogbomoso, the economy of Oyo State and the economy of this country, Nigeria. “LAUTECH has the opportunity now to be the citadel of learning and research. “Finally, LAUTECH has the opportunity to go multi-campus and it will happen.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.