The National Gender Policy on Agriculture says that women carry about 80 per cent of agricultural production in Nigeria and there is an urgent need for the women farmers to be empowered and support them with agricultural inputs. The six trillion Naira spent on food importation between the year 2016 and 2019 is a serious concern.  While the agricultural budget for 2021 is only 1.3 per cent of the total budget, which is far below the Maputo Declaration and the International best standard. The wasteful expenditure proposals in the agriculture budgets have been outlined for the year 2021. While the Centre  For  Social Justice Organisations  has  made a lot of recommendations  on how the  agricultural  sectors  can be improved upon, especially as it concerns small scale women farmers in Nigeria and they also stressed  the  need for the effective implementations   of  the 2021 budgets. There is indeed a need to take into considerations in the budget, the welfare of women farmers and plan for them. Michael Adedotun Oke, talentupgradeglobalconcept@gmail.com YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Improving welfare of women  Improving welfare of women #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Improving welfare of women  Improving welfare of women NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.