UNITED Bank for Africa (UBA) Plc has deepened its retail products and services with an aim of delivering services aimed at meeting the needs of its customers across Africa. These services and product offerings, targeting all classes of customers have been specifically tailored to meet the unique needs of individual customers of the bank, in line with the ‘Customer First’ policy of the bank. UBA’s Head of Retail Liabilities, OgechiAltraide, who spoke in a virtual international media parley with a diverse group of journalists and publishers from all over Africa, pointed out that UBA was well prepared ahead of the Covid-19 pandemic and had rolled out a number of products that enabled customers to carry out their daily transactions with ease from the comfort of their homes. She said, “At UBA, we have developed very deep and customer-centric solutions that have given us the number one ranking over time. Our retail footprint cuts across 20 African countries, where we serve over 20 million customers through well-researched platforms including over 20,000 POS as well as 3,000 ATMs deployed across the continent. We have well over 10 million active cards, while our very active and highly applauded mobile app and USSD platforms serve several millions of subscribers every second.” Continuing, Altraide said, “Our retail banking platforms cater to all ages and classes with the Kiddies and Teens Account – where parents can earn rewards and bonuses for saving for their kids, while also enjoying support in terms of scholarships and health insurance; Next-Gen Account – which caters for young adults; Mass Marketing segment – made up of low to mid-income earners; affluent banking for the premium banking experience as well as SME banking, which caters to meeting the needs of a niche industry essential for the growth of any economy.” Throwing more light on the bank’s increasing support for the MSMEs, she explained that the bank offers both financial and non-financial services to this all-important sector as well as access to loans, adding that “at UBA, we recognise that SMEs are important to economic growth, therefore our various offerings for MSMEs is positioned to support them in this regard.” Altraide noted that other retail propositions the bank has developed to promote financial inclusion are diaspora banking where customers can enjoy the same quality of services in all locations around the world through UBA Connect and Africash; and agency banking, which makes use of digital channels that allow customers to access UBA banking services right in their neighbourhoods. Apart from UBA mobile banking, USSD, internet banking and LEO – UBA’s virtual assistant – other innovative platforms that drive the bank’s retail business include UBA’s click credit – a much loved and accepted facility that makes instant cash available to customers with salary accounts within minutes. Altraide added that already, over 50,000 people have benefited from the facility, adding that customers can access up to N5 million in a matter of seconds.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.