Ebonyi State House of Assembly has suspended the member representing Ebonyi North West state Constituency, Hon Victor Aleke, for gross misconduct. According to the Speaker, the suspension was as a result of the lawmaker’s failure to follow the house rule on Internally Generated Revenue ( committee set up by the house. Moving the motion, the leader of the house and member representing Ezza Northwest state constituency, Hon Victor Chukwu argued that the House recently set up a committee on IGR which was treated with disdain by Hon Victor Aleke. Hon Chukwu faulted the behaviour of the Honourable member in the discharge of his official duties which he maintained that the action of Hon Aleke towards the committee negates the ideal of the Honourable House. The motion for the suspension of Hon Aleke was unanimously adopted by the members of the house in a voice vote. Also speaking on the matter, Chairman, House Committee on Information, Hon Chukwu Arinze Lukas supported the suspension. According to him, the suspension has no political attachments. “The house has a rule. There are things you don’t do as an honourable member and anybody that flouts the rule of the house should be suspended and he is not the only one that has been suspended in the house because of such thing. “He happens to violate the rule and it has nothing to do with defection or any political party. It was the issue of the committee that was set up and it was clearly stated at the chamber, it has nothing to do with political affairs. “His offence anyway is misconduct. He did not follow the rule of the IGR committee that was set up by the house because he refused to operate with the engagement of the committee and that’d is why the Committee recommended his suspension.” Meanwhile, efforts to contact the suspended Lawmaker Hon. Victor Aleke proved abortive as his phones were switched off at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.Ebonyi Assembly suspends member Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.Ebonyi Assembly suspends member BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America.Ebonyi Assembly suspends member According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.Ebonyi Assembly suspends member NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.