The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) on Saturday disclosed that that in continuation of aggressive clearance operation to stamp out criminal activities in the North Central zone of the country, troops of Operation SAFE HAVEN have neutralized a robbery Kingpin in Jos, the capital city of Plateau State. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Saturday by the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations (DMO), Major General John Eneche. According Gen. Enenche, “troops on 25 November 2020, on night patrol came in contact with suspected armed robbers along Angul Maraban, Jama’a road in Barkin Ladi, Jos South Local Government Area of Plateau State. “During the encounter, one armed robber was neutralized by own troops. “Items recovered in his possession was one locally fabricated pistol while others escaped with gunshot wounds.” he stated. Eneche added that  the gallant Troops have continued to dominate the general area with aggressive patrols to deny bandits freedom of action. ALSO READ: Kano govt moves towards finding lasting solution to herdsmen, farmers’ conflict He urged the  general public to continue to provide credible information to the troops operating within their localities to enhance their performances. Troops on 25 November 2020, on night patrol came in contact with suspected armed robbers along Angul Maraban Jama’a road in Barkin Ladi,  Jos South Local Government Area of Plateau State. During the encounter, one armed robber was neutralized by  troops. Items recovered in his possession was one locally fabricated pistol while others escaped with gunshot wounds. The gallant troops have continued to dominate the general area with aggressive patrols to deny bandits freedom of action. The general public is thus encouraged to continue to provide credible information to the troops operating within their localities. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today