The trial of the spiritual leader of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN), Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky and wife, Zeenatu resumed sitting in Kaduna amidst tight security. When the case came up on Wednesday, as two witnesses, a Major- General and a Colonel testified before the presiding High Court Judge, Justice Gideon Kurada. Speaking after the court proceedings, Femi Falana(SAN) told newsmen that the two senior military officers testified in court. He said the General and the Colonel were among the witnesses assembled by the prosecution lawyer to testify against his clients. According to him, “Two witnesses were taken and the trial will continue tomorrow. The prosecution is not likely to close the case tomorrow. “The officers were put under cross-examination and they gave evidence of the operation that lasted between the 12th and the 14th of December 2015, and the role of the military in the operation.” Meanwhile, when the court proceeding was going on, all routes leading to the State High Court were barricaded by the police and other security operatives. Katsina road, Ibrahim Taiwo road and other adjourning streets to the court were barricaded as motorists and other road users were diverted to other routes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday.El-Zakzaky’s trial begins Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19. Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.