Benin City, Edo State capital, on Monday, came under another unusual attack as some gunmen believed to be kidnappers abducted a heavily pregnant woman in early hours of the day. Tribune Online gathered that the expectant mother who was identified as Mrs Uju Okwudili was kidnapped along the Airport Road while taking her children to school. Mrs Okwudili, who was in the company of her husband as the duo were taking their two children to school, was swopped upon by the gunmen when at Ulemo Community, a short distance from Irriri, where Christopher Shaibu, the younger brother of Edo State Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu, was kidnapped in the penultimate week. The suspected kidnappers were said to have opened the car in which the Okwudilis were riding to the school and forced the pregnant mother of two into the getaway car, an Audi 80. The victim, like the younger Shaibu, was said to have been driven towards the Ogba River, the unmanned route of kidnappers, who come through the river, using speed boats to take away their victims to captivity. The distraught husband and the uncomprehending school children were left in the car as the suspected kidnappers zoomed off with the woman. Residents of Ulemo, who witnessed the commando-style the pregnant woman was taken away were left with conjectures as to the rationale behind picking on the hapless woman by the gang of the suspected kidnappers Mr Okwudili, who is still in shock, has, however, confirmed that his wife’s abductors had gotten in touch with the family with a ransom demand in the sum of N 5 million. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Gunmen abduct pregnant woman in Benin, demand N5m ransom SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now