Exciting times are here for those who have been looking forward to seeing award-winning movie The Ghost and the House of Truth as the movie is now being streamed on Showmax. The movie stars Bola Ogun a counselor who facilitated reconciliation sessions between convicts and victims of their crimes. But when her own daughter goes missing, her belief in forgiveness is tested. Directed by Africa Magic Viewers’ Choice Award-winning director Akin Omotoso (Man on Ground, Tell Me Sweet Something), who also won the Africa Movie Academy Award (AMAA) for Best Director for Vaya, the movie has been talked about as one that would catch people’s attention and keep them glued to their seats. Also starring Africa Movie Academy Award (AMAA) Best Actress winner Kate Henshaw (Chief Daddy, 4th Republic) as Folashade, a police inspector in the Child Protection Unit, Fabian Adeoye Lojede (Jacob’s Cross, October 1), and AMAA Best Young Actor winner Kemi Lala Akindoju (Dazzling Mirage, Banana Island Ghost, Fifty), who also co-produced, the movie was shot in Makoko, where the crew went to great lengths to get the approval and buy-in from the local community, some of which were hired as extras. Speaking on what this movie means to her, Nigerian actress and executive producer Ego Boyo says: “I am on a quest to make movies that question established norms in Nigeria. I think we should be making all sorts of films telling authentic African stories.” Earlier this year, The Ghost and the House of Truth won Best World Film at UrbanWorld in New York, having opened FilmAfrica in London and closed The Africa International Film Festival, where it won Best Director, Best Actress (Henshaw) and Best Nigerian Film. “Now we’re coming to Showmax and we’re looking forward to even more people in Africa seeing it”,  says Boyo. The Ghost and the House of Truth joins the extensive Showmax Nollywood library of movies and series.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.