Gunmen, on Wednesday morning, murdered a lecturer at D.S Adegbenro ICT Polytechnic, Itori, Ogun State, Mr Mufutau Olayemi. Information had it that the deceased who was until his death the Head of Electrical Engineering Department in the institution was shot dead by his assailant in his car. The killers were reported to have left the deceased in the pool of his blood without removing anything from his car. The deceased, it was learnt, was returning from a conference before he was gruesomely murdered. The incident was confirmed by the State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi. Oyeyemi, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, said the case could be classified as assassination. He said that the operatives of the Homicide section of the Command had been drafted to the scene to unravel the circumstances surrounding the incident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… BREAKING: Ooni Of Ife, Queen Naomi Welcome Baby Boy After two years of marriage and waiting on the Lord, the Ooni of Ife and his Queen, Naomi Silekunola, on Wednesday, announced the arrival of a baby boy into the royal house of Oduduwa. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. Gunmen kill lecturer in Ogun USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting. Gunmen kill lecturer in Ogun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.