WEBB Fontaine Nigeria Limited has dissociated itself from media reports and litigation process challenging Federal Government’s move on Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) modernisation. According to a statement issued by the company recently, the Managing Director of Webb Fontaine Nigeria Limited, Ope Babalola described the media reports as misleading and malicious, even as he reiterated the organisation’s commitment to support government’s intention for a more modern customs administration that will improve in revenue collection, trade facilitation and productive speed without compromising national security The statement added that “We have read several media reports linking our company, Webb Fontaine Nigeria Limited, in respect of a litigation process challenging Federal Government’s move on Nigeria Customs Service Modernisation. “Importantly, we want to reiterate that Webb Fontaine Nigeria Limited is not in court with the Federal Government of Nigeria . We have never engaged in litigation with any ministry, department or agency of government. “We do not know what motives any parties to have added our name to a lawsuit we know nothing about. We find it misleading and disruptive to our excellent relations with the Federal Government, the National Assembly, and the Nigeria Customs Service. ” We wish to once again restate our support for the Federal Government drive for modernisation of Nigeria Customs Service, which synchronises with our vision as a service provider in this line of business. ”We are unequivocally committed to supporting government’s intention for a more modern customs administration that will improve in revenue collection, trade facilitation and productive speed without compromising national security”, Ope Babalola explained in the statement. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.