RUSSIAN Muslims are prohibited from interfaith marriage unless given permission by the local mufti. This follows a ruling by the Council of Ulama which concluded that marriages with Jews and Christians are inadmissible. The Council of Ulama is a group of clerics and scholars, part of the Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Russia. Although passed in November 2019, the council’s theological decision was only published online this week. The conclusion states that marriages with “representatives of the people of the book [Jews and Christians]” are only possible with agreement from the local mufti. According to the published document, the council believes that “interfaith marriages are characterised by the emergence of a number of problems,” including difficulties with raising children in the spirit of the Islamic faith, and the likelihood that the marriage will lead to the child not becoming a Muslim. Following the decision, believers willing to marry from outside the faith can receive permission, but only under certain conditions. In particular, the body decided that non-Muslim women willing to “follow the precepts of the Holy Quran” can wed a Muslim man. However, it is unacceptable for a Muslim woman to marry a non-Muslim man, regardless of his views and beliefs. On Wednesday, Salah Haji Mezhiev, the mufti of the majority-Muslim Chechen Republic, noted that “the prohibition is not controversial, and is something everyone knows is forbidden.” Despite the council’s theological conclusion, in practice, marriages between Russian Muslims and Christians are likely to continue. According to an Islamic expert, Roman Silantyev, there are four schools of law in Sunni Islam, and just three of them prohibit interfaith marriage. The one which doesn’t have this rule, Hanafi, is the most popular in Russia. “It turns out that the theological conclusion of the Spiritual Administration of Russia contradicts the school to which almost all their believers belong. The late Valiulla Yakupov [deputy mufti of Tatarstan], he had a Christian wife, and a number of Muslim leaders have wives who have not changed their religion,” Silantyev said. Islam is the second biggest religion in Russia, behind Orthodox Christianity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.Body gives Russian Muslims Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.Body gives Russian Muslims BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.Body gives Russian Muslims Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.Body gives Russian Muslims NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.