The Federal Government (FG) has commissioned the 150MVA 330/132KV Kumbotso transmission substation in Kano State. It said this is an effort to address the challenges of critical power infrastructure in the country. The Minister of Power, Engr Sale Mamman at the commissioning, said this became imperative due to continuous demand and possible expansion of customer base in the kano metropolis. “It became obvious that a new 150MVA 330/132KV capacity transformer needs to be installed to reinforce the power dispatch requirement and accommodate the high power distribution demand,” he said. He maintained that the Federal Government was already achieving a robust improvement in electricity generation, transmission, and distribution through its different intervention programs. “We hope that the people of Kano and environs would witness improved and steady power supply. “Let me also call on the Transmission Company of Nigeria to expedite action on all the ongoing projects under the Transmission Rehabilitation and Expansion program in different parts of the country,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. FG commissions 150MVA 330/132KV Kumbotso transmission substation in Kano SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.