The remains of former governor of old Kaduna State Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa has been laid to rest at Unguwar Sarki cemetery, Kaduna. The funeral prayer was performed by Sheikh Ahmed Gumi, at Sultan Bello Central Mosque, Kaduna after la’asar (4 pm) prayer. The Mosque was filled to capacity as people trooped from far and near to witness the funeral rites of one of the country’s finest politician. The state governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai was represented by the  Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Balarabe Abbas Lawal. Two former Governors of the state, Ahmed  Makarfi and Mukhtar Ramalan Yero were among the important dignitaries that attended the funeral prayers. Other personalities were Alhaji Lema Jibril,  Hon. Isah, PDP governorship candidate, top Senator Shehu Sani, PRP state chairman, Abdulrahaman Haruna, top government officials, traditional rulers,, as well as politicians. At exactly 4.45 pm, the body of Balarabe Musa was laid to rest with hundreds of mourners paid their final respect to the champion of the Talakawas. Former Governor, Ramalan Yero who was visibly shocked over the death of Balarabe Musa described him as a politician with integrity, whose virtues should be emulated by the current crop of leaders. He said Balarabe Musa demonstrated that leadership and politics are about people. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.