Newly elected Chairman, Conference of Speakers of States Assemblies of Nigeria, Abubakar Y Suleiman has said that he considered his election as a clarion call to the service of Nigeria saying that he is always ready and willing to answer. The newly-elected Speaker of state Speakers made the statement while delivering his acceptance speech shortly after his election and subsequent inauguration as Chairman of the Conference in Abuja on Friday. Abubakar Y Suleiman who is the Speaker of Bauchi State House of Assembly thanked his colleagues for the confidence reposed in him and for the great responsibility that is entrusted on him and vowed that he will make sure all State House of Assemblies are digitalized in order to keep up with international best practice. The Chairman who explained that when he held sway as North-East Zonal Chairman of the Conference, he liaised with some Federal Government Ministries, Departments and Agencies with a view to digitalizing the State Assemblies pledged to widen the horizon by putting modalities to digitalize State Assemblies that are yet to be digitalized so that all their proceedings and votes will be electronic. He commended President Muhammadu Buhari for signing Executive Order 10 which grants financial autonomy to States’ legislature and the judiciary which he said will deepen democracy and strengthen all arms of government to deliver their mandate effectively. Abubakar Suleiman assured the Conference that the struggle for the implementation of the provisions of the Executive Order will be collectively sustained adding that: “As you are aware, the legislature is the backbone of democracy, thus, its sanctity and independence must be protected.” He added that “I want to assure you that I will work with you to further strengthen State Legislatures so that we can meet the yearnings and aspirations of our various constituencies and deepen democracy in our country.” On the recent protests and vandalization by youths in some States of the Country and the increasing cases of rapes and other forms of violence against persons, the Speakers Chairman said that he will make sure all State Legislatures come up with a holistic approach to end youth restiveness and provide opportunities for youths to attain their full potentials through legislations and stakeholding. He also vowed to make sure all State Legislatures enact laws to prohibit violence against persons and use their constitutional power to ensure security agencies are operating within the confine of the law so as to protect the right of every citizen. Abubakar Suleiman expressed his dismay over the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) exclusion of Speakers and members of State Assemblies from list of personalities that will be using Protocol Lounges in all Federal Airports. He then said that the Conference will write and engage the relevant authorities to ensure the anomaly is corrected as contained in a statement by Abdul Ahmad Burra, Spokesperson to the Chairman, Conference of Speakers of State Legislatures of Nigeria made available to newsmen in Bauchi Friday evening. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…My election as chairman #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youths, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…My election as chairman  My election as chairman NEWS ANALYSIS: Arewa House Parley: Any 2023 Connection? THE crème de la crème converged on Kaduna on Saturday for an epochal 50th anniversary of Arewa House, otherwise referred to as the Centre for Historical Documentation and Research. Apart from the stimulating lecture delivered by the chairman of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) and Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, the occasion brought together a galaxy of politicians of different affiliations, academics, former top military brass and foremost traditional rulers from the entire 19 states making up the northern axis of the country…My election as chairman    My election as chairman NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE