Oyo State government has launched its strategic health development plan, earmarking N8.637 billion in 2021 to address health issues and improve health care services in the state, out of which N2 billion will be spent on health emergencies and risk including COVID-19. The plan also earmarked N3.9 billion for increased utilisation of essential services like maternal and child health, drugs and immunisation, N1.5 billion to strengthen health system for delivery of essential healthcare services, including health infrastructures and research for health as well as N1.72 billion for control and prevention of communicable diseases. Secretary to Oyo Government, Mrs Olubamiwo Adeosun at its launch on Thursday said the state developed strategic health development plan is to guide and provide direction for all stakeholders in improving the health performance of the state and maximise available resources. ALSO READ: Buhari pledges deeper economic cooperation with Algeria She declared that approval has been given for partnership with private pharmaceutical companies for the supply of drugs to all health facilities in the state and expansion of Public-Private Partnership on drug administration for 11 secondary health facilities to 39 facilities. Mrs Adeosun said that in the last one year, Oyo government has instituted several policies and initiatives to reform and reinvigorate the health sector and urged partners to support the implementation of the state’s health annual operation plan that was derived for the launched strategic health development plan. Director, Planning, Research and Statistics, Ministry of Health, Dr Abass Gbolahan said that the state annual operation plan will guide health development in the state in 2021 as it sets out the priority interventions needed to address the health sector challenges in the state. Dr Gbolahan declared that all interventions and programmes to be implemented in the state henceforth need to be based on the newly launched a strategic health development plan to prevent duplication of projects and to harness all resources for the betterment of health in the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.