THE National Pensions Commission (PenCom) will today Monday, November 16, 2020, commence implementation of the Retirement Savings Account (RSA) transfer window under the Contributory Pension Scheme (CPS). Hence, pensioners who have not had the opportunity to change their Pension Fund Administrators (PFAs) as a result of lower returns on investment management or poor customer service delivery, now have the platform to move their RSA to other competing firms in the pension industry. The Commission, however,  said the movement of the RSA can only be done once in a year, stressing that electronic migration platform which is in line with Section 11(2) of the Pension Reform Act 2004, that an employee reserves the right to migrate from one PFA to another without adducing reasons, would further boost stakeholders confidence in the scheme. The Commission had earlier urged retirees and retirement savings account holders to participate in the Data Recapture Exercise DRE which is ongoing. The exercise was introduced last year to obtain complete accurate and current data of all retirees and retirement savings account holders both active and retired. In a statement, the Commission pointed out that completion of Data Recapture Exercise is a prerequisite for processing any RSA transfer request by holders who registered before July last year. It further urged those affected to cooperate with agents that would be visiting organizations to carry out the exercise.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.