Wife of the former Senate leader, Amaka Ndoma Egba, and six others on Thursday night, lost their lives while eight others were critically injured in a fatal accident, that involved four vehicles along Ore-Okitipupa Road in Odigbo Local Government area of Ondo State. It was gathered that the accident happened near the military check point along Ore-Okitipupa road, involved a commercial Toyota Avensis car bus, a Honda car, a truck and a Toyota Coaster bus belonging to the Sports Centre of the Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko (AAUA). According to a source, the late wife of the former Senate Leader, was being conveyed in a Toyota Coaster Bus, belonging to the Sports Centre of the Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba, Akoko from Benin to Igbokoda, in Ilaje Local Government area of the state when the ugly incident happened. It was gathered that the occupants of the ill-fated bus, were on their way to a social function in Igbokoda when the truck hit the two cars before crushing the coaster bus into the bush. Four persons including Amaka were said to have died instantly while three other victims died in the other vehicles that were first hit by the truck. The Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Ondo State, Mr Ahmed Hassan, who confirmed the accident said only four persons, three females and a male died in the accident. He also disclosed that eight other persons were critically injured and taken to Pima Hospital, in Ore for treatment He said: “The accident happened around 9:00 pm. It involved three vehicles. Four of the occupants of the bus, died three female and one male. “The accident was caused by loss of concentration and speed violation”. The Head of Public Relations, Media and Protocol of AAUA, Mr Victor Akinpelumi, said the only information he had, was that a Coaster bus of the institution, on official assignment, was involved in an accident. He said “The university has sent officers from the Works Department to the area to assess the situation and were being expected.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday.Ndoma Egba’s wife Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.Ndoma Egba’s wife Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving.Ndoma Egba’s wife NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.