The Academic Staff Union Of Universities (ASUU), University of Ibadan chapter has dissociated itself from last week protest by some members of Non-Academic Staff Union (NASU) and Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) of the institution over alleged planned imposition of next Vice-Chancellor by the incumbent and outgoing Vice-Chancellor, Professor Idowu Olayinka. It also reaffirmed its earlier appeal to the Governing Council of the University of Ibadan to create a level playing ground in the appointment of the next Vice Chancellor for the institution, with a view to protecting the integrity and sanctity of the university autonomy. In a special bulletin of the ASUU-UI dated October 30, 2020, signed by Professor Ayoola Akinwole and Chris Omoregie, chairman and secretary of ASUU respectively and made available to journalists on Sunday, the association stated that “having observed that a protest was carried out on Wednesday, October 28, 2020, around the Senate and Council Chambers of the University by members of the NASU and SSANU in the University of Ibadan, the executive of the branch met on Friday, 30 October, 2020, deliberated on the incidence and resolved as follows; “That members of ASUU-IJI were not part of the protest, contrary to reports in some press outlets. We condemn in the strongest terms the disruption of the meeting of the Governing Council of the University of Ibadan that was convened to conclude the selection of the next Vice-Chancellor of the university. “That the practice of protesters, assaulting, attempt to assault or outright molestations of members of the Academic Staff Union of the University, UI Branch, shall henceforth be vehemently resisted. “Reaffirms our earlier appeal to the Governing Council University of Ibadan that a level playing ground be given in the appointment of the next Vice-Chancellor of the University of Ibadan in order to protect the sanctity of the University autonomy.” It would be recalled that some stakeholders and unions in the institution have alleged that the current Vice-Chancellor, Professor Idowu Olayinka was making frantic efforts to ensure that his anointed candidate who is among the six final shortlisted emerge as the Vice-Chancellor. The last week protest by the university workers was a result of the release of the names of the six candidates who were shortlisted out of those jostling for the seat. The protesting workers who had blocked all entry and exit into the institution displayed various placards with inscriptions such as like, “Impose Adebowale and shut down UI for six years, ” “we shall never work with Alatise again among others.” The selection board had released the names of six candidates, including a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Professor Femi Mimiko. Mimiko, who is of the department of political science was a former VC of the Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba-Akoko (AAUA), between 2010 and 2015 and he is the only non-staff among the six (6) nominated from the initial eighteen (18). Others are the current deputy vice-chancellor, Professor Kayode Adebowale, a former DVC, Professor Abideen Aderinto, Professor Olusegun Ademowo, Professor Olatunde Farombi and Professor Babatunde Salako, who are all from the University of Ibadan. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.