FOLLOWING the notification to the Nigeria Stock Exchange by Guaranty Trust Bank (GTBank) that it has obtained regulatory approval-in-principle (AIP) to restructure into a financial holding company (Holdco), FBNQuest has, in a report released on Friday, highlighted a number of implications to the lender and its shareholders. According to the report, the bank’s shares will be swapped in a one-for-one exchange for Holdco shares, and the proposed restructuring will enhance the bank’s revenue diversification, earnings growth and give it the flexibility to adapt to future opportunities. Last week, GTBank formally notified the NSE that it has obtained an AIP from the CBN and a no objection from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to begin the process of reorganizing the bank into a financial holding company. According to the bank, the restructuring will be implemented through a scheme of arrangement between the bank and its shareholders. Under the scheme, issued shares in the bank will be exchanged on a one-for-one basis for shares in the Holdco and the bank’s existing GDRs (certificate of issued shares traded on a foreign stock exchange) will also be swapped on a similar one-for-one basis for GDRs in the Holdco. On its 1st Half (H1) 2020 conference call, management had affirmed that the proposed Holdco structure will comprise regional units, namely GT Bank Nigeria, GT Bank East Africa and GT Bank West Africa. The bank is also considering having business lines along pensions, asset management and payments. As a result of the cancellation of the universal banking licence by the CBN about 10 years ago, GTBank decided to be bank-focused. As such, the report recalls that the bank divested its non-bank subsidiaries including insurance, asset management and registrars business. However, changes in the competitive landscape and slower growth in the traditional banking business has led to a rethink of its strategy and operating model. Recently, CBN’s monetary policies have put downward pressure on banks’ net interest margins and resulted in a reduction in the growth rate of funding income. Also, regulatory induced fee cuts on e-banking transactions and ATM fees have also had a negative impact on non-interest income. As such, earnings growth has slowed for most banks. GT Bank delivered an average profit before tax (PBT) growth of eight per cent over the 2018-19 period. This compares with the 29 per cent average that it delivered between 2016 and 2017. “If properly executed, the bank’s entry into fast-growth segments like payments would help to diversify its revenue base and drive earnings growth. That said, although banks have a significant head-start with mobile money, the payments landscape is getting more competitive. While most local fintechs lack the scale and resources of the banks, the telcos and interest from global tech firms will increase competitive intensity in the segment. “The recent acquisition of local fintech, Paystack for $200 million by US-based payment firm, Stripe is a case in point. Being technology firms, global tech firms can use their digital platforms to make deep inroads into the payments space. “We believe that banks may be able to respond to these threats through collaborative partnerships with the technology firms,” the report read in part.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE