It was amidst pomp and circumstance last Saturday in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital as the winner of the fourth edition of the Miss Ekiti 2020 beauty pageant emerged to the delight of many residents of the state. The winner, Miss Taiwo Blessing, a 300-level student of Economics department of the Ekiti State University (EKSU) Ado-Ekiti defeated other six contestants to be crowned the queen. The contestants aside their dressings were grilled on a wide range of issues in the society to make it a beauty and intellectual contest. The event tagged, ‘ The Queen of Essence’ was organised by the Raji Abimbola 23 Foundation and attended by hundreds of fans and top government officials. The Commissioner for Arts, Culture and Tourism, Professor Ojo Bakare; his Trade, Investment and Industry counterpart, Mr Muyiwa Olumilua and the Managing Director Fountain Holdings, Mr Oscar Ayeleso graced the event. While the winner went home with a brand new Lexus car, the first runners up, Adedeji Ifedolapo and the second runners up, Olatunji Gbemisola were given financial rewards and plaques showing their positions. Speaking after the event, Miss Blessing expressed her delight for winning the contest , saying she would do everything possible to contribute to the development of the society. Blessing noted that the contest has placed on her more task and responsibilities on the need for girl child to be given the rightful place in the decision making in the country. “ I feel so happy that my dream has been achieved. I will immediately set out to achieve my pet project and helping the less privileged and giving succour to the needy in the society,” she said. On his part, the Commissioner for Arts Culture and Tourism, Professor Bakare commended the foundation for putting together the event, saying it would go along way in promoting tourism and the development of the state economy. He said, “It is important to Tourism in the area of bringing more people to Ekiti every year to watch the event and you know what that means to the economy of the state.Also the Queen can be agent of development to the state, promoting the ideas and programmes to the world.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE