SILENCE fell in a local court in Lusaka, Zambia after a young woman knelt down before her husband to beg him not to divorce her because her children were too small to be without a father. Progress Bwalya, 22, of SOS compound was testifying in a case in which her husband, George Sikazwe, 34, a businessman sued her for divorce on allegation that she insulted and shouted at him. The two got married in 2011 and have three children. George told a senior court magistrate, Pauline Newa sitting with another magistrate, Miyanda Banda at Matero Local Court that he had not enjoyed his marriage because since inception  Progress shouted at and insulted him. He explained that Progress had been telling him that she was worth more dowry than  he paid. George said they had gone on three separations and that Progress  has been telling him that he must take her to court if he did not want her to sleep with other men. George said when he complained on how Progress misused money, she told him off by reminding him that there were men out there who would give her enough money. “We differ because Progress can’t keep the house clean and fails to prepare food. I discovered charms in my lotion when I came from Mansa from my business trip,” saidGeorge. But Progress denied putting charms in Sikazwe’s lotion and said she only knew charms for women. Asked by the court the last time they made love, Progress said a month ago because  George sleeps alone. When the court asked Progress to beg  George to reconcile,  Progress knelt down before him sending court into total silence as she told  George that the twins were too small and that it will be difficult for her to start a new marriage as she did not sleep with any other man apart from him. But George maintained that he wanted divorce because Progress did not admit that she insulted and shouted at him. Progress said that George should get the children as she could not manage to look after them on her own nor take them to her poor parents. The magistrate,  Newa said that there was lack of communication and trust as George feared charms and that there was no conjugal rights, adding that the court had tried to reconcile them but failed. She granted the couple divorce ordering George to compensate Progress with K8,000 with initial payment of K2,000 followed by monthly installments of K500 and the children to be in the custody of George.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE