The High Court of Rivers State, Port Harcourt, on Tuesday, extended order of interim injunction restraining the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), its agents and employees from taking over Berths 9, 10 and 11 at the Federal Ocean Terminal, Onne Port Complex, Rivers State from INTELS Nigeria Limited. The Judge, Justice A. Enebeli, had earlier granted the restraining order on November 3, 2020. In a statement issued by Intel’s late on Tuesday, the firm stated that the order was extended at the resumed hearing of the matter on Tuesday, November 24, 2020. According to the statement, “The court had ordered that status quo ante bellum be maintained by the defendant (Nigerian Ports Authority) and its servants, agents and employees pending the hearing and determination of the applicant’s (INTELS’) interlocutory injunction which is before the court. “At the resumed hearing of the matter, on Tuesday, November 24, Justice Enebeli ruled that the ex parte order of injunction made by the court “shall subsist and remain binding on the defendant pending the determination of the Notice of Preliminary Objection.” The matter was adjourned to December 7, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE JUST IN: Again, Herdsmen Destroy, Set Falae’s Farm Ablaze, Attack Workers Some herdsmen have reportedly invaded the farm of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Olu Falae, and attacked some of the workers on the farm after destroying it… #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.