The Minister of State for Federal Capital Territory, Dr Ramatu Tijani has called on youths in the country to always demand from any politician arming them against their fellow citizens to include his or her own biological children. She added that whosoever that armed them should be treated as an enemy of their future. The Minister made the call on Wednesday in Lokoja during a town hall meeting which was organised by the Minister of State for Federal Capital Territory, is to encourage the Traditional Rulers, Women groups, market groups, Students bodies, Press, Security Agencies on how to promote peace and security at all times in their domain. The minister said the town hall meeting as directed by the President Muhammadu Buhari is for all the cabinet members to go to their respective states to work for sustainable peace as a fall out of the #EndSARS protest praised royal fathers in Kogi State for their roles in stemming the protests in the state. She regretted that the peaceful protest embarked by the youths was swiftly hijacked by hoodlums stressing that the meeting was called to ensure how these hoodlums would be mobilised to productively participate in their affairs towards nation-building. According to her, it is high time people should go back to the old days where traditional institutions were respected as their actions were treated with fears and trembling for the growth of the land. She also charged the monarchs to continue to impact positively on their subjects especially the youths which she said has rights to demand improvement on issues that concerns their welfare and wellbeing. She informed that President Muhammadu Buhari who is so passionate about the youths had received and begun the implementation of the five points thematic agenda of the #EndSARS protests and had directed all the cabinet members to meet the grassroots in their states to pacify frayed nerves and to create synergy with the youths to prevent further lawlessness. She added that the royal fathers as the custodian of customs, traditions and peacebuilders cannot be overemphasized in this era that the nation is in dire need of peace. She urged them to continually hold the youths in confidence for the consideration of lasting peace, acknowledged their capacity to hold down their subjects when protests and violence erupted. She advised them to use advocacy and mass enlightenment of the youths and vulnerable to toe the path of diligence and hard work. While calling on mothers to view their position as unique and divine, she charged them to be an agent of change in bringing up responsible children that would do everything for the growth and survival of the country. In a remark, the Vice President of Kogi State Traditional Council of Chiefs, HRM Ohinoyi of Ebiraland, Alhaji Ado Ibrahim, commended President Muhammadu Buhari for recognising traditional rulers’ ability to maintain peace in their domain, promised to galvanize his members to ensure that peace and tranquillity are achieved at all times. He charged governments at all levels to work assiduously to create jobs for the youths, saying an idle hand is a devil workshop. He advised the youths to always find something to do and to be diligent and hardworking which will make them be associated with great men. The monarch charged security personnel to always discharge their duties with the fear of God and inconsonant with their conscience, saying that the people will continue to demand the best engagement from them. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.Minister urges youths Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.Minister urges youths BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America.Minister urges youths According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.Minister urges youths Minister urges youths NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.