A few hours after the Ebonyi State governor, Chief Dave Umahi, officially defected to the All Progressives Congress from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday, the PDP on Tuesday night announced the dissolution of the ward, local government and state executive councils of the party. It also announced the dissolution of the South-East Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party. The governor had earlier in the day announced that he had dumped the PDP and decided to join the APC, adding that he was leaving the party because the South-East geopolitical zone has suffered injustice from the PDP. However, on Tuesday night, the PDP issued a statement where it announced the dissolution of all the executive organs of the party from the ward level to the local government level and also the state level. According to the three-paragraph statement issued by the PDP’s National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, which was posted on its social media platforms and was seen on its Twitter handle @OfficialPDPNig, the dissolution is with immediate effect. The statement read: “The National Working Committee of the PDP rose from a crucial meeting today (November 17, 2020) and announced the dissolution of the ward, local government and state executive committees of the Ebonyi State chapter of the party forthwith. The NWC has also dissolved the South-East Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party. These decisions are pursuant to the powers conferred on the NWC by the PDP constitution.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. BREAKING: After Umahi’s defection, PDP dissolves ward, LG, state executives in Ebonyi Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. BREAKING: After Umahi’s defection, PDP dissolves ward, LG, state executives in Ebonyi SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.