The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Monday adjourned till November 18, 2020 to hear the alleged certificate forgery suit filed against Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo state by the All Progressives Congress (APC). Although the suit was slated for hearing on Monday, the trial judge, Justice Ahmed Mohammed, however, put it off till Wednesday following submissions by counsel to Obaseki, Ken Mozia (SAN) that all pending motions relating to pleadings must first be resolved before going into the substantive matter Mozia specifically asked the court to allow him to move his motion challenging the competence of the reply filed by the APC to the defence of governor Obaseki in the matter. ALSO READ: Corps member’s death: Panel summons Garki Hospital CMD, Medical Council’s Registrar APC’s counsel, Chief Akin Olujimi (SAN) objected to the position of Obaseki on the pending motions and prayed the court to allow him to go straight into the substantive matter by calling his witnesses who were in court Counsel to the PDP, Razak Isenalumhe aligned himself with Obaseki’s position that all pending motions be resolved first before delving into the main matter In a short ruling, Justice Mohammed held that Obaseki’s motion challenging the competence of APC’s reply to his defence is fundamental because it is related to the pleadings and has to be resolved first The judge said that filing of pleadings can not be said to have been completed when motion challenging the competence of a reply to defence has not been resolved and subsequently adjourned till November 18 for the hearing of Obaseki’s motion. Obaseki YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday. Obaseki  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.