The World Health Organisation (WHO), says nearly one in five COVID-19 deaths in Africa is linked with diabetes, according to a study. WHO disclosed this in a statement issued on Thursday from its Regional Office for Africa, Brazzaville, Congo. According to the statement, WHO finds out that 18.3 per cent of COVID-19 deaths in the African region are among people with diabetes. “They are among people with diabetes, one of the conditions that global studies have found to increase the risk of severe illness and death among patients infected with the virus. “The WHO analysis of 14 African countries showed that the risk of complications or death from COVID-19 among people with diabetes increases with age, with people aged 60 years and above facing greater risks. “Diabetes is a major cause of blindness, kidney failure, heart attacks, stroke and lower limb amputation, but with early diagnosis and treatment, many of the harmful effects of the disease can be delayed or even avoided. “The disease occurs either when the pancreas does not produce enough insulin [type 1diabetes] or when the body cannot effectively use the insulin it produces [type 2 diabetes]. “ The more common is type 2 diabetes.’’ Over the past three decades, it stated that the occurrence of type 2 diabetes had risen dramatically in all countries around the world. “The African region has experienced a six-fold increase, from four million cases in 1980 to 25 million in 2014. “With around 60 per cent of people living with diabetes undiagnosed, the African region has the highest proportion of people unaware of their status. “A study in Kenya found that 60 per cent of people diagnosed with a chronic condition were not on medication.’’ The statement quoted Dr Matshidiso Moeti, WHO Regional Director for Africa, as saying “Far too many people are in the dark as to whether they have diabetes. “People with this chronic condition suffer a double blow if they are also infected with COVID-19. “We must turn this around by investing in early detection, prevention and treatment of diabetes.” According to the statement, at the onset and the peak months of the COVID-19 pandemic, health services for diabetes were particularly disrupted. “Only about a third of reporting countries in a WHO survey of 41 countries in sub-Saharan Africa indicated that services were fully functional.’’ ALSO READ: Mother of one requires N700,000 to undergo uterine, cervical surgery The statement further quoted Moeti, as saying, “We must not lose sight of other health challenges as we combat COVID-19. “World Diabetes Day is a key moment to call attention to this chronic illness, which is increasingly threatening the lives of Africans.’’ World Diabetes Day is marked on 14 Nov. every year. It further said that in many African countries, access to basic equipment for diagnosis and monitoring of diabetes is a challenge, especially in public and remote health facilities. “There are also limited supplies of insulin and oral hypoglycemic medicines for diabetes on the continent, while health workers are not sufficiently trained in diabetes diagnosis and care for patients. “The African region is also witnessing a rise in diabetes risk factors such as obesity. “Increasingly sedentary lifestyle and consuming foods rich in sugar, fats and salt is heightening obesity, ranging from 2.5 per cent of adults in Burundi to 26.9  per cent in Seychelles.’’ WHO is working with countries to train more nurses and other health workers to expand access to diabetes prevention and care services. This is done through the WHO Package of Essential Non-communicable Disease Interventions for Primary Health Care in Low-Resource Settings. Twenty-five countries have adopted the package and are working to decentralise and improve early diabetes detection and patient care. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.