Founder of the Givers Supportive Foundation, Ologbenla Babatunde Smith, is one man who has a heart of gold and passionate about supporting the underprivileged in the society through his foundation, Givers Supportive Foundation. The graduate of Public Administration from Salem University, revealed that the major thing that spurred his decision in impacting lives positively was a mission to contribute his own quota in raising hopes and giving the poor a lifeline. “Everyone will face challenges in life, but someone has to help others overcome such challenges. This is what we do. Coming from a poor background has helped me show more empathy to the downtrodden. “I came from a poor background, and I have been working hard toward my dream to become someone who will help the underprivileged. I believe I went through those challenges so that I can understand their plight. I hate when I see people suffering or going through pains. I decided that against all odds, I will be a blessing to others”. According to Smith, the foundation has been able to help people suffering from deadly diseases, adding that, “Our milestone encourages us to do more. We have helped many suffering from kidney and heart diseases, breast cancer, hydrocephalus which all was successful”. “We have been making efforts to sustain the foundation through funding which is key, though we face some challenges, we are not relenting from achieving our main goal. We are confident that we will achieve greater result through more support from people and organisations that share in our vision. Integrity is key in our operations and this has made us connect to more people,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine
THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke
What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning
IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again 
AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE