The Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, the Minister of Labour and Employment Dr. Chris Ngige, and the Executive Chairman, National Salaries, Incomes and Wages Commission (NSIWC), Ekpo Nta are among the top government officials expected to parley with the pensioners at the National Executive Council (NEC) meeting of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP) in Abuja tomorrow. Their attendance is imperative in view of the long delay in the implementation of minimum pension and its attendant consequential adjustment as a result of the increase in the national minimum wage last year. With a theme: ‘Pensioners welfare in post covid-19 era’, the meeting will commence at 10am on Wednesday morning at Top Rank, Jabi, Abuja, where the elderly people would be expecting the SGF to address them on the delay in the implementation of a new minimum pension, since President Muhammadu Buhari signed the new nation minimum wage into law in April last year. The Assistant Secretary, Organizing and Media, NUP, Comrade Bunmi Ogunkolade, said the report on the implementation has been on the table of the SGF, adding, “the elderly people, men and women who have spent their strength to serve this country in their youth will like to know from the SGF, why is the report being delayed till now.” According to him, the union has held several meetings with the Chairman, National Salaries, Incomes and Wages Commission, and communicated with him on the issue, before the report was finally sent to the SGF for final approval. He pointed out that the Technical Committee earlier set up to look into the issue had done a good job and presented its report to the NSIWC chairman who in turn, submitted the report to the SGF. Also expected at the meeting are the Ministry of Finance, the Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD), National Pension Commission (PenCom) and the Registrar of trade union.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE