The city of Ibadan came alive days back when notable gospel musicians, including, Evangelist Bola Are, Taiwo and Kehinde Adegbodu, Mega 99 and others converged to celebrate with one of their own, Phillip Abosede, popularly known as Bose Super, last Sunday. The two-in-one event tagged ‘Festival of Praise 3’, anchored by ace broadcaster, Imoyosola Adetoro, also featured performances by Bose Adeiwa, Iyanuoluwa Praise, Yemi David, Sade Alajike, and Bose Destiny, among others. The convener of the event held at the Christ Apostolic Church, Mountain Top, NTC, Ibadan, Oyo State, expressed her delight at the success of the event, noting that it was another progress of her music career. “I cannot thank God enough for the success of this year’s festival of praise. I also want to appreciate my colleagues and gospel music veteran, Mama Bola, who has been a supporting pillar from onset. It is indeed another remarkable success in my career. I also want to acknowledge the support of clerics and my fans that made the event a success”, she added. Speaking about her career, Bose Super noted that her steady rise was divine and that she would not take the grace for granted, but would be grateful to God who is the reason behind her success. “I am grateful to be one of the vessels of God and I have never regretted doing the will of God in propagating the gospel and winning souls for Christ through my music talent. All my works and even the just-released preach the gospel, raise hopes, and ignite souls to align with God”, she said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.