The Ogun State Internal Revenue Service (OGIRS), has solicited support from the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS), details of expatriates residing in the state to monitor their tax compliance level. The Executive Chairman of OGIRS, Mr Anthony Olaleye, made the request during a courtesy visit to the Comptroller of Immigration, State Command, Gabriel Osisanya, at his office in Abeokuta. Olaleye said there was a need for both agencies to share positive information that would benefit the state and the country, towards improving revenue generation to drive developmental programmes of the present administration. He pointed out that one of the ways to boost the State IGR is for the two agencies to collaborate, share database and information, especially details of expatriates in the country, where they reside, the value they are adding to the economy, and how much they take away from the country. “No legal expatriate can work in this country without passing through the Nigerian Immigration Service. We need information on this from your database to drive our revenue-generating processes and we are also ready to give you information from our database that can help you know whether these expatriates are illegal immigrants in the country,” he added. ALSO READ: #EndSARS: Court remand two for attempted murder on Osun gov He reiterated the mandate of OGIRS to ensure voluntary payment of taxes by all taxable resident adults in a transparent and customer-oriented manner that is premised on integrity. The NIS Comptroller, NIS noted the importance of the revenue-generating agency to the economy of the State, saying taxpayers’ money plays a vital role in developing the economy at Federal, State and Local Government levels. He pledged the readiness of his agency to support OGIRS’ drive to increase IGR, pointing out that such support would not only enable the agency to achieve its mandate but also benefit the Nigeria Immigration Service and the country as a whole. “It is with taxpayers’ money that our salaries are paid. Our support is in the interest of everyone at the State and Federal level,” he noted. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Tax compliance: OGIRS seeks support from NIS on number of expatriates residing in Ogun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.