Armed men suspected to be kidnappers have reportedly kidnapped a mother and her three children along Owo /Ifon road Inna Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State. The mother and her children who were said to be travelling from Lagos to Imoru for an annual age-grade festival were stopped by the armed men and dragged them into the bush. It was gathered that the hoodlums later freed the mother but kept her three children in their custody. The kidnappers have also established contact with the family, demanding N50m as a ransom to secure the release of the three victims. Similarly, five people were said to have been abducted on the same route around Asabia village, Elegbeka while the driver of the vehicle conveying them was shot. The victims were said to be travelling to Lagos when they ran into the roadblock mounted by the hoodlums. The residents of the area complained about the incessant kidnap on the road and called on the security in the state to come to the aid of the people. When contacted, the Ondo State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, said the incident was not reported and said he had contacted the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in charge of the area. It will be recalled that eight market women including the Iyaloja of Isua Akoko were kidnapped along Akure/Owo road last week but and were later released after paying N5m ransom. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.