24 hours after an agreement was reached between striking universities and the federal government, the national body of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is yet to reach out to the local chapters of the association. The federal government had on Friday, made some concessions to the striking university lecturers when it offered N65 billion to Nigerian universities to address some of their demands and also pay them their outstanding salaries using an older payment platform instead of the controversial Integrated Payroll and Personal Information System (IPPIS). The University of Benin (UNIBEN) chapter chairman of the union, Prof. Joy Omoregie told Tribune Online that he only got to know of the agreement reached between the parent organization and the federal government from the media. Omoregie said that members at the local chapters will only converge for a congress to deliberate on the far reaching decisions after they have been properly briefed. The chairman said: “We only learnt of the outcome of the meeting in the media. We are still waiting for our principal to brief us. It’s only after a proper and detailed briefing that we can act. Once we are briefed, we will then call a congress. As at now, we are still waiting for directive from our principal.” Omoregie insisted that he could only speak on whether the terms of settlement between the union and the federal government were favourable or not until he gets an official account from the national body, adding that it is only after then that the issue of ratification of the agreement will come up. Apart from the controversial new payment method, IPPIS other issues in contention are the revitalisation fund for public universities, arrears of Earned Academic Allowances (EAA) and the visitation to universities. The university lecturers who have been on total strike since last March are also kicking against the proliferation of state universities and issues of governance and the conclusion of the renegotiation of the 2009 FGN-ASUU agreement. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…UNIBEN ASUU chairman  UNIBEN ASUU chairman #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…UNIBEN ASUU chairman  UNIBEN ASUU chairman UNIBEN ASUU chairman NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.