The South East Director of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Alhaji Ahmed Wada Ikaka has admonished corps members of the 2020 Batch ‘B’ stream 1A to take their personal security seriously and avoid accepting gifts from those they do not know. Ikaka gave the charge while speaking to newsmen in Awka, on Wednesday, shortly after his tour of orientation camps across the South East States of Anambra, Enugu, Imo, Abia and Ebonyi. He further advised the corps members against keeping late night and attending parties at odd hours of the day. He recounted some ugly incidents of the past, where corps members found themselves in grave danger. He expressed joy, at seeing the corps members in good health condition and congratulated them for surviving the COVID 19 pandemic as well as successfully concluding their academic pursuits, all which he described as great feats. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…NYSC cautions corps members  NYSC cautions corps members 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..NYSC cautions corps members  NYSC cautions corps members After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…NYSC cautions corps members NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.