The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, expressed grave concern over the report on the planned takeover of some communities in Chibok/Damboa/Gwoza Federal Constituency of Borno State. Worried by the recurring cases of insurgent attacks on the innocent citizens living in the area, the House urged the Executive arm of government to direct the Nigerian Army to establish security around the area since he rainy season is over and the area is accessible. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion of urgent public importance sponsored by Hon Ahmadu Jaha, member representing Chibok/Damboa/Gwoza Federal Constituency of Borno State, which was unanimously supported by other lawmakers. Hon Jaha who stressed the urgent need to reinforce security around the troubled areas as a result of incessant Boko Haram threat explained that between October 30, 2020, to November 19, 2020, attacked four villages in Chibok and Damboa Local Government Areas where he represents in the House of Representatives. According to him, the insurgents killed five people and three bulls, burnt 32 shops and charted away three vehicles and 300 bicycles in Kauji village on October 30, 2020; killed 14 people, abducted nine people and burnt 53 houses and charted away one vehicle and three motorcycles in Takulashi village on November 1, 2020; killed 1 person, burnt 14 houses, shops and 2 churches and charted away drugs and other equipment in the clinic at Ntsiha village on the 16th November 2020 and killed 3 people and burnt 32 houses in Azir village on November 19, 2020. ALSO READ: Nasarawa 2020 supplementary budget to be passed on Wednesday ― Speaker Speaking further on the recurring attacks on his Constituents, he said: “Barely one month ago, my Constituency was attacked more than seven times in seven days and in every attack, we recorded a loss of lives and property with millions of naira including worship houses and houses of clergymen in that particular environment. We have been witnessing for a reasonable period of time right from the inception of insurgency, it has become part of our lives today since nobody can assist us. “What actually stimulated me to push this motion today is that the insurgents came to the communities and dropped letters that people should surrender their small and light weapons that they use to defend themselves. This shows they are planning to take over and as a result, we may end up leaving our ancestral homes which to us is not easy. “As I’m talking to you now, a substantial part of our Constituency is still under the occupancy of the Boko Haram and you cannot travel go to farm one kilometre away without being in the hand of the Boko Haram.” According to him, out of the nine people abducted in one of the communities are women while two are men, adding that the insurgents razed 53 houses down during the attack. To this end, the House beckoned on the North East Development Commission (NEDC) to provide relief materials for the victims of the insurgency. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Reps raise alarm over planned takeover of Chibok by insurgents SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.