The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has warned that the early moves, including “scavenging” for PDP members by the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) for the 2023 presidential election has rendered Muhammadu Buhari a “lame-duck” president. The party made the observation in a statement issued by its national spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, in Abuja on Saturday, noting that three years to 2023 general election, the the governing party has changed its focus to retaining power. The PDP said the early moves are responsible for “the manifest failure of his (Buhari) administration in all sectors of national life.” According to the party, the frenzy by the APC to commence the 2023 election campaign, just a year into President Buhari’s second tenure of four years in office, further confirms that APC leaders are now looking beyond its current structure and government, having realized that the next three years under the Buhari-led APC administration would be a waste. The PDP asserted that the underground moves by APC leaders to disown the Buhari administration, “given its failures; the conversation about a possible change of their party’s name as well as the plot to destabilize the PDP, are signs of desperation to hold on to power despite APC’s failures and explicit rejection by Nigerians.” ALSO READ: ‘I’m not in jail, fulfilled court sentence option, remains member of NASS’, Gombe Lawmaker speaks out The PDP maintained: “Our party and indeed discerning Nigerians have seen through the rambling of the APC, which is merely raising dusts to foul the political firmament in a bid to cover for its lack of internal cohesion, failure in governance and reneging on the promises they made to Nigerians in other to have access to power. “The attitude and character of the APC have manifestly shown that it is mortally afraid to stand election in 2023, given that Nigerians have seen through their antics and are determined not to have anything to do with such a deceitful, beguiling, divisive and incompetent party in future elections. “APC has shown that it is a party without conscience; the reason it has failed, in the last five years, to bring together a Board of Trustees that ought to serve as the custodian of its supposed ideals and principles. “It is therefore not surprising that under five years, the APC has remained inchoate, uncoordinated, rudderless and totally unable to operate a steady and stable national leadership; a situation that shows why their administration is plagued with confusion, infighting, widespread corruption and collapse of central command structure of governance. “It is equally not unexpected that APC’s illegal, factional and lazy national caretaker committee would resort to lies, deceit and political scavenging, given that it has no ideas to proffer to its failed government on critical issues of governance, particularly security and economy.” The PDP charged the APC caretaker committee Chairman, Governor Mai Mala Buni, “to stop chasing shadows and go back to Yobe State, which has almost been taken over by bandits, since he abandoned his electoral mandate for politics in Abuja.” It also counseled the APC to “end its grandstanding, refund the over N15 trillion stolen by its leaders and get ready to disband. They have burnt their goodwill with Nigerians and their recourse to loud shenanigans cannot save them, adding: “Surely, Nigeria is better with PDP.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today