THE National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has reiterated its resolve to support the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to drive innovation in the petroleum sector. Mr Kashifu Inuwa, NITDA Director-General said this when officials the Research, Technology and Innovation (RTI) division of the NNPC visited the agency’s National Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Robotics (NCAIR)in Abuja, recently. Inuwa said that developing an ecosystem was dependent on having stakeholders engaged, while the innovation ecosystem needed support from the government, academia,corporate organisations,entreprenuers and venture capitalists. “Innovation happens when you explore and you need to be an explorer and exploiter at the same time before you become innovative as an organisation. “Getting an idea from conceptualisation to impact is highly required to be an innovator that opens to new ideas. “We are open to this innovation and it will be for the development of our country to drive technology innovation in the oil sector,” he said. Mrs Ugonna Amaechi, RTI Chief Innovation Officer, who led the officials said the visit was to seek the support of NITDA on how to effectively drive the petroleum sector with digital technology in research and innovation. “We also require the agency to assist us review some of our strategies,goals,priorities and progress,as well as provide guidance for success. “Innovation is about creating new ways of doing things towards achieving performance efficiency and cutting costs. “Innovation is something Nigeria has come to embrace and for innovation to thrive, there must be triggers which is why the RTI was formed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting. International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.