Africa’s top-notch and renowned entertainment group, Sir Justine World Entertainment, SJW, has dropped a brand new and sizzling single titled “WET’ by one of Nigeria’s most celebrated artists, singer, Victor Adere whose stage name is Victor AD, and featuring Peruzzi. The legendary entertainment group, SJW released the hit audio single on the popular streaming platform, Youtube, on Friday, November 27, 2020. “WET” which is coming after several other successful beats by the artist, Victor AD who has featured such world-class Africa celebrated singers like Davido, is set to dazzle the African entertainment space and set a new trend for music lovers. In a statement released by SJW Entertainment, the new song “speaks to the beauty of the African woman and the joy of offering appreciation for everyone’s inner and outer beauty.” Victor AD shot to fame with the hit track “Wetin We Gain” released in 2018, followed by several others, his record-breaking hits have placed the young artist on the world stage with worldwide tours and performances on the global stage. Sir Justine World entertainment assured that the group will continue to delight African music lovers with first in class beats and mind-blowing entertainment deals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…SJW Entertainment drops  SJW Entertainment drops #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…SJW Entertainment drops NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.