As traffic gridlock continues to bit harder in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, as a result of the absence of traffic management personnel, some road users have appealed to the officers to return to their duty posts with a view to ensuring easy movement in the territory. It will be recalled that traffic personnel from agencies such as the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Nigeria Police, Department of Road Traffic Services (VIO) and others abandoned their beats due to hoodlums who hijacked peaceful protest of #EndSARS in Abuja and other parts of the country. President, Road Users Development Network of Nigeria, Dr John John Uket, who made this clarion call during a one-day national dialogue on traffic management at the weekend in Abuja, said renewed severe traffic situation in Abuja and Lagos was as a result of the absence of road traffic personnel who have left the roads unattended to for the fear of the mayhem of the recent uprisings. According to him: “In the spirit of nationhood and patriotism, we want to kindly appeal to you all to let bygone be bygone and forge a new page in our nation’s history. “For all the traffic officers who are still feeling hurt, we the road users, both motorists and commuters, say sorry for the actions of the hoodlums as we hope that such hoodlums will be brought to justice soon.” He assured. Dr Uket, therefore, condemned in strong term the burning of public facilities by the hoodlums, particularly mass transit buses and called for an investigation into the matter. Responding, Chairman, FCT Administration on Traffic Management Team, Comrade Ikharo Attah, said his men remained on the road, doing their routine job during the EndSARS protest until it was highjacked by hoodlums when the officers had to seek their safety, leaving the roads blocked and unsafe for the public. He lamented a situation where traffic personnel were attacked and the people were cheering them up, instead of appealing to them to stop the act. According to him, they were our brothers, sisters, fathers and mothers, and have families so they did not deserve to be attacked in that manner. “We want to be on the road and do our routine job. We don’t want to die. When people are stirred up against us, we get scared. The public should support us.” He appealed.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows.Abuja road users beg The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week.Abuja road users beg BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke.Abuja road users beg BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp.Abuja road users beg NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.