I recently turned 70 and now discovered that I sometimes forget simple things such as the names of my former classmates, family friends or simple words.  A friend of mine said that my condition is the result of normal aging but I know people who are older than me who still have very good memories. Your kind assistance will be appreciated. Chief Emeka (by SMS)  While it is true that your condition could be as a result of normal aging, it could also be due to a condition called Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI).  MCI is a form of cognitive decline that falls in a grey area between normal aging and dementia. Certain types of medications can cause memory problems while depression has also been linked to MCI. It may therefore be possible to alleviate symptoms of MCI by treating depression while your doctor may be able to offer you a different drug therapy that won’t affect your memory. A diagnosis of MCI doesn’t necessarily mean that you are stuck with the ailment because the condition in most cases, is reversible. Steps that you can take to protect yourself from MCI include, getting better sleep, lowering your stress levels, and eating more of nuts, fish, vegetables and fruits.  Achieving cardiovascular fitness through regular exercises and regular Blood Pressure checks is important because blockages in your blood flow can cause brain damage and speed up cognitive decline. It is also beneficial to challenge your brain with activities like puzzles, playing a musical instrument, and learning a new language.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Gombe SEC approves N116bn  Gombe SEC approves N116bn 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Gombe SEC approves N116bn After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Gombe SEC approves N116bn Gombe SEC approves N116bn SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today