The Countdown is on to the 7th edition of the Annual African Muzik Magazine Awards and Music Festival (AFRIMMA). AFRIMMA is the biggest African music award ceremony in Diaspora that creates a platform to promote the diversity of African music. Every year, top African talents across the world come on the same stage to celebrate African culture and music. African music keeps getting bigger all over the world and African music berths new stars by the day. AFRIMMA 2020 would be a virtual ceremony as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic means congregation is not possible. AFRIMMA is however determined to always fly the African music flag high, hence the virtual ceremony. This year, the theme of the awards show is ‘Destination Africa’, according to the President/CEO of AFRIMMA Anderson Obiagwu, “We are taking you on a music journey into the sounds of Africa, the beauty of African music lies in the diversity and the AFRIMMA virtual awards would be a showcase event”. Destination Africa is going to explore the different regions in Africa, and it promises to be an epoch ceremony with superstar performers lined up. Some of the acts billed to perform at AFRIMMA 2020 include Fally Ipupa, Diamond Platnumz, Davido, Nadia Mukami, Soraia Ramos just to mention a few. This year’s nominees list features a raft of established talents but also stars a host of new talents in what seems to be a major paradigm shift on the African music scene. Revered names like Burna Boy, Diamond Platnumz, Aya Nakamura, Soraia Ramos, Davido, Master KG all earned nominations while newbies like Oxlade, J Derobie, Zeynab and so on got their first AFRIMMA nominations. It promises to be a lot of fun and excitement on Destination Africa with AFRIMMA 2020. The virtual ceremony kicks off at 1pm CST on November 15th, 2020 and would be transmitted via AfricanMuzikMagazine Youtube page. The African Muzik Magazine Awards AFRIMMA has unlocked a new level with the announcement of its first Virtual Awards show. This event is sponsored by Majority Official and Axxess with performances coming from different artists around the world. Anticipation is high and excitement hit the rooftop with the release of the nominees list. This is about to be an experience of a lifetime as AFRIMMA takes us on a journey of African music and sounds with Destination Africa. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.