The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has congratulated Governor Douye Diri over Wednesday’s Supreme Court judgment, which affirmed his mandate as the governor of Bayelsa State. In a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party also congratulated the people of Bayelsa State over the outcome of the case in the Supreme Court, which has put to rest the electoral contestation that constituted a distraction to governance. The PDP noted that with “the competence, dedication and sense of honesty with which Governor Diri hit the ground running immediately he took office, particularly in his developmental projects in key sectors including, manufacturing, agriculture, oil and gas, power, road infrastructure, education, among others, have already repositioned the state for higher productivity and better living standard for the citizens.” The party, therefore, charged Governor Diri to remain focused and continue in his commitment towards the development of Bayelsa state for the good of all, in line with the manifesto of the PDP. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… BREAKING: Ooni Of Ife, Queen Naomi Welcome Baby Boy After two years of marriage and waiting on the Lord, the Ooni of Ife and his Queen, Naomi Silekunola, on Wednesday, announced the arrival of a baby boy into the royal house of Oduduwa. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. PDP congratulates Diri on Supreme Court judgment SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.