The United States Government has condemned the killing of not less than 43 rice farmers in Borno State. The US in a statement by the US Mission in Nigeria on Monday commiserated with the families of the deceased, stating further that it would continue to support the Nigerian Government to bring the perpetrators of the act to justice. “The United States condemns in the strongest terms the abhorrent November 28 terrorist attack in Borno, Nigeria. The United States offers our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those killed or kidnapped. “The craven attacks are a stark reminder of why the United States stands with the Nigerian government and people as they fight to defeat terrorism and work to bring the perpetrators to justice,” the statement reads. pic.twitter.com/AxRqcPoYrL — U.S. Mission Nigeria (@USinNigeria) November 30, 2020  United Nations (UN) on Sunday reported that the over 110 rice farmers were killed by Boko Haram terrorists at Koshebe village in Jere Local Government Area of Borno State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now