THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has said only farmers who grow improved disease-free cassava stems will have access to the N25 billion facility it has created to boost cassava production in Nigeria. The policy was established to ensure that beneficiaries of the facility have increased productivity (output) so as to be able to repay loans and as well make significant income for themselves. This development was made known by a senior official of the apex bank, Chinedu Ogbonnaya, who represented the CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, during the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA), BASIC-II Cassava Seed Entrepreneurs and Nigeria Cassava Growers Association (NCGA) in Abuja, according to a statement from IITA’s digital extension and advisory specialist, Godwin Aster. Mr Ogbonaya said the CBN realised that without the use of improved varieties, cassava production would not be profitable. “This year, we insisted that cassava growers must plant only improved seeds before they can access our loan facility,” he said. According to the statement, the CBN said they are targeting more than 100,000 farmers across the states of the federation under its intervention in the cassava sector for this year. “The amount is split into two – N11 billion allocated to five-star farmers (those growing from five hectares and above) and N14 billion to conventional farmers (those planting between one and four hectares),” he said. The Project Manager, Building an Economically Sustainable, Integrated Cassava Seeds System, Phase 2 (BASICS-II), IITA, professor Lateef Sanni, said the project would work with the NCGA to ensure the adequate supply of improved cassava varieties to farmers. “As a project in IITA with the mandate to create a sustainable cassava seed system, we are willing to assist the CBN to achieve its goals,” he said YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now