Owoyemi Olayiwola Ayodeji, popularly known as J. Falon, is a cinematographer and video creator. He was brought up in Ibadan where he had both primary and secondary education. J. Falon , a student of architecture at the Federal University of Technology, Akure, has directed and shot videos for artistes such as Jaywon, Idowest, Zlatan and Mohbad. In this interview by FAVOUR BOLUWADE, he speaks about his plans to bring more creativity to video directing and the art generally.  What’s the best part of your job? The best part of the job is when I have to come up with creative concepts for a given project. I love creating something and bringing it to life, I mean, visuals.  How is a cinematographer different from a videographer? I don’t think there is much difference really. They both shoot films, but a cinematographer does not just hold the camera and shoot film; he or she can also oversee the project.  Did architecture influence your decision? I have loved anything creative since I was a kid, from drawing to painting and now cinematography. I would say that architecture helped me to evolve into video directing.  Working with celebrities might be a sign that you are really good at your art, would you say that’s what got you to work with some of them? I will start by saying it is grace, consistency and I try my best to do ‘me’ and not copy other people. So with time, they got to see that I bring a different vibe into the industry.  What’s unique about your brand? Basically, God and I make my brand unique. My creative ideas are all originally from me and I am not someone that goes for just ‘OK’; I like something that speaks volumes, great  brand. And just having that makes you know that what I do is not your regular kind of videos.  What are the major challenges you face in this art? A major challenge people face in this art is that you won’t get paid what you are worth even if you know all there is to know in this field. You only start getting your money’s worth when you start working with recognised people in the society.  Must you be a photographer to do cinematic works? You do not need to be a photographer in any way to do cinematic works, but I would say you will cross paths with photography as they have a lot in common. You start learning in the field and keep developing yourself.  What skills should one have to stand out? You just have to be creating consistently and with time you will find that thing that makes you stand out.  How do you relax? I watch movies and music videos a lot.  How was growing up for you? Growing up for me was easy in some ways. My parents have always been supportive of anything I do and are ready to invest in anything I set my mind on. I had both primary and secondary school education at God’s Blessing Group of Schools in Ibadan. My dad passed away a few years back, but we thank God that through everything, we are here pushing forward. My brand name ‘J. Falon’ was given to me by dad so I dedicated it to him.  What more should we expect from your brand? You should expect more creative contents from the name J. Falon because you will be seeing it more often. Moving forward, this would be one of the best things to happen to Nigeria .  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.