Lagos State government, at the weekend, honoured 861 employees in its public service with long service awards, charging them to keep up their good attitude to work and continually perform their good job to further the successful implementation of the THEMES agenda of the present administration. The honorees, that featured at the 2020 Long Service Merit Award celebration, which took place at Adeyemi Bero Auditorium, Alausa, Ikeja, include permanent secretaries, directors, deputy directors, assistant directors, chief executive officers, among others. The State Head of Service (HoS), Mr Hakeem Muri- Okunola, gave this charge during the investiture ceremony, urging them not to rest on their oars but continue to exhibit the high sense of responsibility and commitment to duty. Muri- Okunola said the event presented the opportunity to celebrate public servants who had served the state meritoriously in the last 30 years and above with the hope that the gesture would encourage awardees and other staff alike to continue to put in their best in the service of the state. “The objective of the annual award ceremony, as you know, is the conscious and deliberate celebration of diligence, commitment, hard work and loyalty among public servants in Lagos State as a way of expressing government’s appreciation and gratitude to select member’s of its workforce,” he said. “My advice to all the awardees is that you should not rest on your oars, but continue to exhibit the high sense of responsibility, commitment to duty and unalloyed loyalty, which today’s recognition and celebration have been designed to reward. “Accordingly, I enjoin all public servants in Lagos State to keep up the good attitude to work and continually perform your job to further the successful implementation of the THEMES agenda of the present administration,” he added. The HoS, therefore, congratulated the and rejoiced with the recipients and their relations for the grace of God which he said saw them through the last 30 years and more in the service of Lagos State “in good health, but also for their dedication, diligence, loyalty and invaluable contribution to the state public service and development of Lagos State.” “In conclusion, I wish at this point to express my appreciation, on behalf of the entire public servants of Lagos State to Mr. Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu as well as the deputy governor, Dr Nadir Obafemi Hamzat, not only for their support for this important programme, but also for their continued commitment to the well- being of public servants in Lagos State. ALSO READ: Owner of shops demolished in Delta offers succour to pregnant tenant “We appreciate your good gesture and wish to assure you of our continued commitment and loyalty in the implementation of government policies and programmes for the good governance of the state,” Muri- Okunola said. Also in her address, the Secretary to the Lagos State Government (SSG), Mrs Folashade Jaji, expressed appreciation to all the recipients, noting that that must have impacted positively on the state public service to serve as their enduring legacy. Permanent Secretaries that were honoured include: Helen Morenike Deile, Margaret T. Solarin, Tutor General/Permanent Secretary; Arc. Foludo Adebayo Dipe, Mr Abiodun Bamgboye, Mrs Yetunde Adefolahan Odejayi, Mrs. Adetutu Abiola Liadi, Mrs. Ganiyat Abidemi Raji, Mrs. Serifat Bolajoko Balogun, Olumide Olufolami Erinle, Oludara Oyebisi Okelola, Olusina Isaac Thorpe, Abosede Adekoya Lambo, Secretary, Lagos State House of Assembly Commission, who had all served between 30 and 35 years. Others were directors, deputy directors, assistant directors, chief executive officers, among others and were drawn from various ministries, departments and agencies of government in the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Lagos honours 861 workers with long service award SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE