Delta State government says the reconstruction of the burnt State High Court complex, Asaba during the #EndSARS protest would gulp over N100 million. Commissioner for Housing in Delta State, Festus Ochonogor who revealed this said experts from the ministry had been working on the new design to produce a new structure between now and the end of the year. He was speaking on Thursday during an inspection of the burnt structures alongside the state Chief Judge, Justice Marshall Umukoro; Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General, Peter Mrakpor and Commissioner for Information, Charles Aniagwu. The state multi-million recreational park at Koka junction along the Benin-Asaba-Onitsha was also razed. According to Ochonogor, the completely ruined buildings would be completely rebuilt to bring forth an entirely new structure. On his part, the Chief Judge, Justice Umukoro described the burning of the court as a major setback to the judiciary, adding that all the court documents were burnt. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.