The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Monday approved the promotion of 82,779 junior police officers to their next ranks as part of the ongoing efforts at boosting the morale of personnel and repositioning the force for greater efficiency. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP). According to the statement, 56,779 Sergeants were promoted to Inspector cadre, 17,569 Corporal were promoted to Sergeants and 8,431 Constables were promoted to Corporal. The statement further added that “those promoted also include 86 junior officers negatively impacted by the #EndSARS protests out of which 16 got special posthumous promotion while 70 others injured during the violence arising from the #EndSARS protests equally specially promoted. The IGP, while congratulating the officers, charged them to see their promotion as a mark of additional responsibility and a call to rededicate themselves to their professional calling. He enjoined them to continue to carry out their duties diligently and in conformity with best practices and respect for the rights of the citizen. He noted that the promotion albeit, posthumously, of the officers who were killed by some #EndSARS protesters was a symbolic gesture in recognition of the ultimate price they paid in the service of the nation. The IGP promised to work with all relevant agencies, organs of government and other stakeholders in driving a successful reform of the police for improved welfare and conditions of service towards better service delivery to the people. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.