The Minister of State for Environment, Sharon Ikeazor, said the development and optimal utilisation of the nation’s hydrocarbon resources to boost export earnings and provide employment opportunities for teeming youths is one of the cardinal objectives of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. Ikeazor stated this at the weekend in her remarks at a stakeholders’ meeting on the Environmental Impact Assessment of the proposed Ameshi and Enyi Field Development Project, by Sterling Exploration and Production Company Ltd (SEEPCO), in Anambra State. She, however, cautioned that the exploration of the abundant hydrocarbon reserves must be done in an environmentally sustainable and friendly manner, saying that concerted efforts must be made to identify the potential negative impact of any exploration project, and that plans for mitigation are put in place. According to her, “One of the objectives of this administration in the Oil and Gas industry is to optimally utilise our proven reserves to boost earnings and provide employment opportunities in various categories to Nigerian professionals, together with the skilled and semi-skilled labour force.” The minister further stated: “Towards this end, and in exercise of its regulatory responsibilities, the Federal Ministry of Environment, observed that SEEPCO did not obtain all the required regulatory permits before embarking on drilling at site, in clear violation of section 62 of the Environmental Impact Assessment Act. Consequently, a stop-work order of 6th July 2020 was issued to SEEPCO.” Ikeazor, then charged stakeholders at the meeting, which is aimed at arbitrating and resolving issues between the Anambra State Government and Sterling Petroleum towards creating a conducive working environment for the development of the oil and gas potential in the state, to come up with far-reaching ideas and recommendations that will assist in making the proposed Amechi FDP a development project that would be executed at the highest levels of environmental sustainability. Earlier in his remarks, Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano, stated that the stakeholders’ meeting was a follow up to a series of complaints from the Anambra State Government on the exploration activities of SEEPCO in the state. “Honourable Minister of State, your visit to Anambra State will give you first-hand knowledge of how SEEPCO activities have led to disastrous environmental degradation of the Ogwu-Ikpele and Ogwu Aniocha communities in Agbaru Local Government Area. “Their operation has further worsened the plight and living conditions of those communities, thereby creating palpable tension and restiveness that were uncommon before the company arrived. “We are counting on you to ensure that SEEPCO complies with the EIA requirement, so that we can leave no stone unturned in our quest to become a member of the oil and gas producing states of Nigeria,” said Obiano.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE