The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), on Thursday, urged the warring Federal Government and Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to reach consensus on contending issues, for the strike to be called off to allow public universities reopen in the interest of students. Global President of NANS, Comrade Danielson Bamidele Akpan, who addressed newsmen in Abuja, also dismissed reports in a section of the media portraying the leadership of NANS as factionalised, saying there is no division in NANS. While calling on both the Federal Government and ASUU to see reasons to end the feud, Akpan said the negative effect of students staying at home for almost 10 months should be of paramount concern everyone. He expressed hope that the Friday meeting between Government representative and leadership of ASUU would provide an opportunity for both parties reach compromise for the lecturers to suspend the strike. On his purported impeachment, NANS President said it was an action taken in error just to smear the image and hard-earned reputation which he had built since assumption of office. Akpan urged Nigerians to disregard any of such information, noting that the Senate of NANS that allegedly carried out the impeachment had since completed its mandatory constitutional imposed seating sessions in March 2020. He said he was prepared and members of his executive to exit on the December 7 as outlined in the transition timetable. ALSO READ: Suspected cultists kill two, abduct school teacher in Akwa Ibom He insisted that as the outgoing President, it was his responsibility to ensure the continuous unity of NANS, regardless of the “evil plots against my leadership and person.” He commended the unbias intervention of stakeholders who stood firmly and have condemned all illegal attempts at painting him and NANS in a bad light, adding he would consistently defend the students mandate until the last day of transition. “Surprisingly, the politically sponsored impeachment was carried out in a most desperate manner via a virtual conglomeration of haters and power mongers. “For the avoidance of doubt, the NANS senate comprises 300 Tertiary institutions across Nigeria whereas 49 bad fellows gathered on zoom platform, some former leaders of NANS, majority unknown, just to smear the image of my humble self,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.