An environmentalist, Gboyega Olorunfemi, has explained how the recent UN Summer Academy 2020 has improved his practice in environmental practices and his understanding of the Agenda 2030. In August 2020, the first virtual UN Summer Academy themed “The Future We Want” took place. It was organised by the UN System Staff College (UNSSC). Speaking to Ecoscope over the weekend, Olorunfemi said, “The UN Summer Academy 2020 has remained beneficial to me because it has deepened my understanding of the challenges we face globally. I gained the knowledge of the tools required to create shared solution to solve these challenges. “As an environmentalist/environmental consultant, attending the academy has helped me to embrace multidisciplinary approach to develop transformative ideas through design thinking to provide solutions to many problems surrounding the SDGs. “It deepened my knowledge of the Agenda 2030, the 17 SDGs, its targets and indicators, the core elements of the SDGs and the five pillars of the SDGs. It taught me the need for multilateralism in Covid and post-covid world, how to use multidisciplinary approach to find transformative change.” According to him, “I learnt also the importance of system thinking to win in the decade of action including. The design thinking exposure was beneficial to my existing knowledge of same.” He said that “After the training, I was able to join the UN SDG Action where I made presentation on Goal 11. I have engaged the Startup Grind COIMBATORE Branch in India to discus SDGs And Entrepreneurship landscape in Africa. I have also in waiting, a draft presentation for SDGs And Capacity building for selected officials of a state government. The environmentalist said that before he got the scholarship to attend the Summer Academy, he had concluded a five weeks course at UN System Staff College (UNSSC) on “Paris Agreement on Climate Change as a Development Agenda” which according to him was “another impressive experience.” “Now, I’m back to the UNSSC on another five weeks course on ‘Circular Economy and 2030 Agenda.’ I have spent a week into that already and it’s been exciting.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE