As the beauty world keeps growing bigger in Nigeria with beauty and personal care market projected to reach €3.2 billion by the end of 2020, popular beauty expert, Foluke Akinloye, has said the industry may turn out to be one of the biggest in the country in a few years time. Making this submission last weekend during the unveiling of what she called Beauty Region, Foluke maintained that making people look good has gone beyond the regular make-up as it has now become a luxury business that many people are embracing. Equipped with modern day state-of-the-earth equipment, Foluke’s Beauty Region, located at Awolowo Avenue, Bodija, Ibadan welcomed top socialites in Ibadan and its environs as she took many guests on a tour of her new edifice, saying she could not have wished for a better time to make her dreams come true. Sharing her journey into the beauty world with guests, Foluke said she had always had the dream of taking care of people by enhancing their beauty, adding that “This is what I have always had passion for and I am glad that this is coming into fruition.” Recalling how the 2012 strike embarked upon by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) led her to start learning make-up, the beauty expert who had training in Lagos, Abuja and Dubai, United Arab Emirates disclosed that “I started with learning make-up during ASUU strike and from there I kept going to different training in Lagos, Abuja and Dubai. “Beauty is very wide – a lot of people don’t feel comfortable in their skin – our dream is to make them look comfortable and understand that we are all beautiful. We just need to have comfort and enhance what we have.” She added that spa is about comfort, luxury and making people look good. “We do a bit of medical spa and general spa, which includes massage and facials, rejuvenating facials, cleansing facials and teeth whitening. Foluke’s Beauty Region is also into none surgical body enhancement – butt and hips enhancement.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today