No fewer than four current Local Government (LG) Chairmen in Oyo State were, on Thursday, grilled by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) for six hours in Abuja for allegedly embezzling public funds. Informed top ICPC source, who confided in Tribune Online, said all the council bosses are from local governments within Ibadan metropolis. It was further gathered that they arrived the commission at about 10:30 am and were not released until 4:30 pm. The chairmen, who were visibly angry when coming out from the commission’s headquarters, told Tribune Online who approached them that they could not entertain any discussion at the moment. Findings further revealed that they were all invited for alleged misappropriation of public funds of their various local government councils. Tribune Online had earlier contacted one of them on phone, especially the Chairman of Ibadan South-West, Mr Kehinde Akande (at 10:07 am), and he said they were in Abuja and were heading to ICPC office. When contacted the Information Officer of Ibadan South-West Local Government, Mr Gbadebo Adejare, on phone thereafter, confirmed that the chairman was in Abuja but declined further comments, saying: “He (chairman) is in the best position to tell you while in Abuja.” The chairman, Mr Akande later sent a text, asking: “Who gave you my number. I don’t know what you are talking about.” When contacted on phone, however, the ICPC spokesperson, Mrs Azuka Ogugua, said that: “You have the story already. And I am driving now, please. I am on the road. I am driving, please.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. Alleged embezzlement: ICPC grills four Oyo LG chairmen for six hours in Abuja SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.