Suspected armed robbers on Wednesday night killed one Kingsley Obasi, an aide of Odefa Obasi Odefa, the Ebonyi State Deputy Speaker House of Assembly. Tribune Online gathered that the victim, Obasi, was killed while on his way to his house after distributing some of his wedding cards to his friends in the town. A friend of his, Thomas Eluu, who is also a legislative aide to the Deputy Leader of the House, Kingsley Ikoro, on his Facebook page, confirmed the killing of his colleague. He wrote: “My colleague at Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Kingsley Obasi, who happens to be a Legislative Aide to the Deputy Speaker was shot dead today by unknown men.” However, when contacted the victim’s family member who pleaded to be anonymous because according to him, his family did not permit him to speak on their behalf, said his brother was killed by suspected armed robbers who also made away with his bag containing money, his wedding invitation cards and other valuables. He described the victim’s death as very unfortunate. “Yes, he was the one. I don’t think it was politically motivated. I think it was a case of robbery gone bad. “As the robbers were about to move, he was said to be shouting, ‘it is armed robbers ooo. It is armed robbers ooo’, then they shot him.” Meanwhile, the Police Public Relation Officer in the state, DSP Loveth Odah, confirmed the incident and assured that police will do everything possible to arrest the murderers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.