Four persons were reportedly killed, on Wednesday, in Offa, Offa Local Government Area of Kwara State in an auto accident. The auto crash, which happened at about 10:27 am on the Offa-Ojoku road, involved one Toyota Camry car and a tricycle known as Keke Napep. It was gathered that the Toyota Camry car, driven by an auto mechanic, rammed into the tricycle killing three of the occupants and a roadside female trader. Eyewitness account revealed that some students of the Federal Polytechnic Offa, who were also in the tricycle sustained injuries in the accident. It was also gathered that irate mob torched the Toyota Camry car and burnt it to ashes. Confirming the incident, Kwara State Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Jonathan Owoade, said that the deceased had been deposited at the General Hospital, Offa. He added that the accident occurred around Awraba Hotel junction, saying that the accident involved eight persons. Owoade said that the other four persons injured are also receiving treatment at the same hospital. The FRSC boss, who said that the mob action caused pandemonium in the ancient town, added that normalcy had been restored and situation under control. “The other sister agencies and our staff were on the ground. Members of the Nigerian Navy, Nigeria Police and Civil Defence Corps were on ground too to restore normalcy,,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… Four killed in Offa auto crash BREAKING: Ooni Of Ife, Queen Naomi Welcome Baby Boy After two years of marriage and waiting on the Lord, the Ooni of Ife and his Queen, Naomi Silekunola, on Wednesday, announced the arrival of a baby boy into the royal house of Oduduwa. Four killed in Offa auto crash SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.