Tragedy struck in early hours of Monday when assailant killed a father, Malam Nuhu and his son, Nasir, in Garko local government of Kano State. This was just as the deceased’s relations said the duo were buried around 9.00 am on Monday. Malam Nuhu was said to have been beheaded by the assailant in Tumpapi village, few kilometres away from Garko town, at about 2.00 am on Monday. A reliable source who prefered anonymity disclosed that it was the call for help that attracted neighbours to the house, adding that upon reaching the house, they discovered that the assailant also macheted the son, Nasir who was trying to save the father from the attacker. The source added that “this attack on Malam Nuhu was not the first. The attacker was at the house about two months ago, warning the deceased that he was going to set the house ablaze completely.” He further disclosed that the District Head, DPO and the vigilante in the area have promised to investigate the incident. The image-maker of the State Police Command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna could not be reached for confirmation of the incident as at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… TRENDING: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.