The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has congratulated the former Governor of Ekiti State, Chief Ayodele Fayose, on the occasion of his 60th birthday celebration. While describing the new age as a landmark, the main opposition party in a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary in Abuja, on Sunday, said the party celebrates Chief Fayose “who, over the years, has demonstrated an uncommon commitment and zeal towards the unity, stability and development of our dear nation, Nigeria, as well as in fighting for the rights, liberty and welfare of the common man, in line with the manifesto and ideals of our great party.” The statement added: “Unarguably, Chief Fayose is a fearless and very forthright leader whose outspokenness for justice, equality and fairness, particularly for the downtrodden, clearly demonstrates his belief in putting the good and welfare of others above personal interests; the very reason he is so loved across our nation. “Indeed, Osokomole’s sense of duty, particularly during his tenure as governor of Ekiti State, where his exceptional transparency, accessibility, humility in service and love for his people propelled him to deliver an unprecedented development of Ekiti State in all sectors of life, during which the state experienced its best and most productive years.” The PDP affirmed that its family, therefore, celebrates “this rare patriot” and prayed God to grant him many more years ahead to continue in his statesmanship and selfless service to the nation, Nigeria and humanity at large. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. PDP felicitates ex-governor Fayose at 60 BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. PDP felicitates ex-governor Fayose at 60 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.