Some ethnic youth groups in the country on Monday stated that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Economic agenda of the nation’s Apex Bank, the Central Bank of Nigeria, (CBN) would lead to a quick exit of Nigeria from the current recession. The major ethnic youth groups which converged on Abuja to appraise the economic policies of the CBN expressed high hope that the robust economic agenda of the CBN would help to address this development. The groups, in a communique issued at the end of the sessions, specifically passed a vote of confidence on the CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele, described the various economic intervention programme of the bank as a major unifier for the country. The groups include the Arewa Consultative Youth Movement, the Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth, the Oduduwa  Youth Forum, South-South Youth Council and the Middle Belt Youth Movement. The youth groups in a five-page communique read to newsmen in Abuja by the leader of the Middle Belt Youth Movement, Mr Godwin Maliga, urged Nigerians not to be discouraged by the reported fresh wave of economic recession in the land. According to the groups, “the last time we exited in good time, we are again hopeful that Nigeria will exit this second wave of recess quickly. “These various economic policies of CBN, including its agric intervention programme are not only robust but are youth-friendly. “For the past two days, we have bent our backs while brainstorming on the review of the CBN economic intervention and its impact on young people in Nigeria. “Nigerians will recall the National Bureau of Statistics monthly releases figures and data which measure our economy. These figures have not been very favourable in recent times. Also, the global poverty index figures have not been as beautiful as young people in Nigeria would have wanted it. “These indices coupled with the combined negative impact of the COVID-19 lockdown and the #EndSARS protests, which threatened the very fabrics of our national security were the motivation for convening this two-day roundtable to analyse the role, functions, activities and interventions of the Central Bank of Nigeria and juxtapose them with the impact on young people in Nigeria. “From available facts, the Central Bank of Nigeria is currently involved in several economic and unity interventions worth several hundreds of billions of Naira all across the country. “These interventions include; The Youth Entrepreneurship Development Programme (YEDP), N75 billion Naira Nigeria Youth investment Funds, CBN funding of NIRSAL MFB with N12.5bn seed capital, N50 billion CBN Covid-19 intervention fund for SMEs, Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Fund (MSMEDF), Agricultural Credit Guarantee Scheme Fund (ACGSF) and Agricultural Credit Support Scheme (ACSS). “The rest are Commercial Agriculture Credit Scheme (CACS), Accelerated Agricultural Development Scheme (AADS), Small & Medium Enterprises Equity Investment Scheme (SMEEIS), BOI/CBN Intervention Fund, CBN COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility (TCF), CBN AGMEIS, CBN Real Sector Support Financing (RSSF), CBN Non-Oil Export Simulation Scheme (NESF), CBN Anchor Borrower’s Programme (ABP), CBN Creative Industry Financing Initiative (CIFI), CBN Maize Aggregation Scheme (MAS), CBN Health Care Intervention Scheme to mention but a few. “A thorough analysis also showed that these schemes and intervention funds are available to thousands of young people who do not need a recommendation or any letters from any person in high offices to get access. These interventions can also be described as the most robust, expansive and impactful interventions in the history of Nigeria central bank and worthy of commendation.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.