A 42-year-old estate agent, Fatai Kadiri, on Friday appeared before an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court for allegedly stealing a laptop valued at N190,000. Kadiri, who resides at Sango in Ogun, is facing a two-count charge of breaking-in and stealing, to which he pleaded not guilty. The prosecutor, Insp. Emmanuel Ajayi told the court that the defendant committed the offences on Nov. 10 at 03:00 a.m. at Agege,  Lagos. Ajayi said that the defendant broke into an apartment of the complainant, Mr Ogunmola Olaoluwa, and stole the laptop. “The defendant entered the complainant’s apartment, woke him up from sleep and demanded his laptop. “He threatened to harm him if he refuses to comply and then forcefully collected the laptop and stormed out of the apartment. “The complainant raised alarm and some of his neighbours pursued the defendant and apprehended him. “The laptop was recovered and he was handed over to the police, “the prosecutor said. Ajayi noted that the alleged offences contravened Sections 287 and 308 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Section 287 stipulates three years imprisonment for stealing, while Section 308 provides for seven years jail term for breaking-in. The Magistrate, Mrs O. Ogunsanya, granted the defendant bail in the sum of N100,000 with two sureties in like sum. Ogunsanya said that the sureties should be gainfully employed and have evidence of two years tax payment to the Lagos State Government. She adjourned the case until Dec. 1 for mention. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.