THERE was pandemonium at Agodi Gate area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Thursday morning when security agencies and Okada riders clashed. Nigerian Tribune gathered that a warden of the Nigeria Correctional Centre (NCS) located in the area and an okada rider had an argument, which made the warden shove the rider off his motorcycle. It was gathered that as the okada rider laid on the ground, a soldier approached them to know what was happening, but it was during this time that the tear gas canister of the warden mistakenly fell off his waist and exploded, injuring the okada rider, who was still on the ground, on the head. A source said several other okada riders immediately moved to the scene, while the injured man was rushed to the University College Hospital (UCH) for treatment. ALSO READ: Police committee visits wounded personnel, damaged facilities in Delta Following that incident, rumours began to spread that the soldier shot the okada rider and this made okada riders in the area to resort to violence. They were said to have set a police outpost on fire and vandalised another one. This was said to have caused tension, making security forces and law enforcement agents to secure the correctional facility and its environs, while they were reinforced by other security operatives mobilised to the scene. Meanwhile, the state police command has debunked the news that went round on social media that policemen fired some shots at the area. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Olugbenga Fadeyi, in a statement, said: “the truth is that there was a clash between officers of the Nigeria Correctional Service at Agodi and motorcycles operators stationed there. “Upon receipt of this information, policemen, as well as other security agencies, moved to the scene to ensure there’s no breakdown of law and order that could lead to a coordinated attack on the prison facility.” The PPRO said normalcy had returned to the area as police operatives had been deployed to the scene. He added that other security operatives were also there to maintain peace and order. Nigerian Tribune gathered from a source at the UCH that the okada rider who was rushed there did not die, and was already being treated for his wounds. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.