The operator of the Lekki toll gate, Lekki Concession Company said the audio functionality of the surveillance camera at the toll gate was not activated, saying it was deployed for traffic management and not for human beings. Managing Director of the rolling company, Mr Abayomi Omomuwasan gave the submission during the presentation of the security footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting at the Lekki toll gate while being cross-examined by the counsel to the Lagos State government, Mr Abiodun Owonikoko, SAN at the Judicial Panel of Inquiry for victims of the disbanded Special Anti Robbery Squad, SARS sitting in Lagos. He stated that the surveillance camera at the toll plaza scan as far as 1.75km and 2km on either side and it was active until 8 pm when it stopped working. He submitted that “at the early hours of October 20, around 10 am, when we noticed that people are gathering around the toll plaza, we decided to safeguard our property because they are very expensive. We removed the Automatic Plate Number recognition and some other equipment like the laptops but we did not tamper with the surveillance camera. “It was working perfectly until around 8 pm when it stopped working because the network got disconnected as a result of the burnt server. “Consequent to the imposition of the curfew by the state government which initially was to commence at 4 pm, we issued a statement to our staff to go home, therefore, none of them witnessed the shooting that followed. “But prior to the October 20 shooting, precisely from October 8, protesters had been coming around with the inscription #EndSARS boldly written. We noticed their movements on both sides of the plaza. And when they started progressing to the cubicle and blocking the road, it was at this point we withdrew our staff to avoid confrontation. “It was alleged that we switched the light. We never did. In fact, we issued a press statement to debunk the allegation. Neither did we received any instruction or order either from the Lagos State government or the military to switch off the light. We left the plaza to comply with the curfew imposed by the state government. “We have no report line to the governor and since the incident, we have had no access to the plaza until when the Panel visited. The tolling system is completely down. All our staff are at home and it will take nothing less than six months to restore the machines. In spite of this, we have not entrenched any of our staff just as we have not confirmed any fatal casualties since the shooting.” Having admitted the footage and other documents as an exhibit, retired Justice Okuwobi while refusing to grant the LCC access right to the plaza said the situation could warrant another visit by the Panel to the scene, therefore, it will not be right for anyone to access the scene. She adjourned sitting to Friday, November 6. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youths, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE