Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi has alleged that the former Secretary to Government of Federation (SGF), Anyim Pius Anyim and the senator representing Ebonyi North, Dr Sam Egwu are angry with him for defecting to the All Progressive Congress (APC) before them. According to Umahi, the two PDP stalwarts had wanted to join APC ahead of him because “they want to lead me as their boy to APC.” Umahi made this known during an APC stakeholders meeting held at Deputy Governor’s Lodge located at the Old Government House, Abakaliki on Sunday. The governor urged the Anyim and Egwu to re-evaluate themselves and know that politics should not bring envy, betrayal and others. “I thank God APC members know the kind of man the president is. You cannot give him conditions. I did not negotiate anything with the man. They want to lead me as their boy to APC, na me be the father (I am the father) of the state. That I answer sir, sir does not mean I am not the father of the state. Meekness is not weakness. If you cross the line, I will tell you that I am the father of the state. “There is nothing like reconciliation because there was no quarrel so, anyone taking any risk should know is a risk to bear if you remove yourself from chopping (benefiting). But let it be known to all men that he that fights me, I will fight the person. I am not an apostle of peace without the truth. I am an apostle if you fight me I fight you. So if you are in APC and you are working for the Abuja group, do not make mistake either in your social media or anywhere to fall in my line because that will be dangerous. They fight me, I fight them. When people are leaving from one party to another nobody makes noise why should it be Ebonyi that people will be condemning their governor. Do you know that they said I don’t know what I went to negotiate for myself with Mr President? “The truth is that the problem of this state is the backwardness caused by we leaders (sic). We do not tell our followers the truth, I am talking about the APC people that are joining us in terms of what I am about to say. PDP people dey chop (benefit) since but we leaders we chop (benefit) and clean mouth (feign innocence) that is the major problem of this state. “Let us begin to re-evaluate ourselves and know that we cannot stab people at the back because of politics. “All that is happening is envy, jealousy and bitterness. Why will the state develop without the authorities? Who made you God over us? Why should every sitting governor be fought? In the fight, the state is the one that suffers but I fight differently and they came very very late. I will fight a good fight I have finished my race whether they like it or not they came very late. What is remaining is just the airport, stadium, the hospital, dualization from Abakaliki to Enugu, Abakaliki to Afikpo and few other roads. They came very late. We cannot be distracted. We are on a mission. We are all politicians,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now