Taraba State Commissioner for Information and Reorientation, Danjuma Adamu, has said that the state government was putting in place measures to establish more Covid-19 sample collection centres in the state. This is to ease the challenges of testing persons with coronavirus symptoms and increase the testing capacity of persons suspected to be with the virus, according to the commissioner. Adamu disclosed this Thursday while addressing journalists at the NUJ press centre, Jalingo. He said the challenges of taking samples to Abuja and Jos were limiting the chances of testing more patients from Taraba. He noted that the state government has made efforts to tackle the pandemic by procuring four smart sanitiser tunnels and four magnetic resource resonate imagine machines for the general hospitals of Takum, Wukari, Bambu and Gembu. The commissioner revealed that Governor Darius Ishaku was committed to completing all ongoing projects before the end of his administration for a total transformation of the state. He noted that construction works were steadily going on across the state and security of lives and properties measures were greatly maintained for optimum development. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… Covid-19: Taraba to establish more sample collection centres SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.