THE National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN) has announced plans  to come out with a comprehensive mentoring programme, designed to support its budding marketing professionals. Making this disclosure at the institute’s  virtual Fellowship Award, held recently, its president, Mr. Tony Agenmonmen explained that the planned mentoring programme was a way of delivering value to its members, especially the younger ones. He added that besides the mentoring programme, the institute is also working on some welfare packages for its members, as a way of providing support for such members, and advancing the profession. “The Institute will continue to activate events, and programmes to promote the practice of the marketing profession in Nigeria and collaborate with other relevant associations and professional bodies to advance the profession and the industry as a whole,” he stated. While congratulating the 48 members of the institute, being conferred with the fellows award, Agenmonmen described the number as an indication of the institute’s increasing popularity and its rising profile to attract quality practitioners into its membership. “The Fellow is the highest membership grade in the Institute. So those to be conferred with this membership grade belong to the elite cadre of the Institute’s membership structure. They, therefore, have that responsibility to project the image of the Institute in good light as many will look up to them for leadership, counsel, and directions with regards to activities concerning the Institute,” he stated. The NIMN boss also charged the new fellows to continue to promote the institute within their circles of influence, urging them to perceive the conferment as a call to serve the institute and offer valuable advice and initiatives that would  further build its equity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now