Some herdsmen have reportedly invaded the farm of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Olu Falae, and attacked some of the workers on the farm after destroying it. The herdsmen, who were said to have taken their cattle to the farm in Ilado village in Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State, were said to have destroyed the maize farm before moving to the citrus farm and set it on fire. Apart from destroying the farm, the herdsmen also invaded the farm house in the middle of the night and attacked the workers. The herdsmen were said to have attacked the farm workers because they had earlier reported their activities to the policemen who had warned them against further destruction Confirming the development, the Personal Assistant to Falae, Captain Moshood Raji (retd.), said the herdsmen and their cows destroyed the maize farm. He said crops worth millions of naira were destroyed as the invaders grazed their cattle. “Herdsmen attacked Chief Falae’s farm and destroyed maize worth millions of naira. They moved to the citrus farm and after harvesting the oranges, they set the orange farm on fire. “We reported the incident to the police and the herdsmen seemed to be irked by the development, returned to the farm house and attacked the workers on the farm,” he said. It was gathered that Falae, who was abducted in September 2015 by some herdsmen, had invited the policemen to the farm following the incessant invasions and destruction of the farm by the herdsmen and their cattle. But Raji said this did not stop them from coming as the herdsmen, numbering about 10, moved around the farm unhindered and insisted that they would not leave the farm because their cows grazed on it. He however said the Commandant of the Ondo State Security Network, Amotekun, has been written over the development. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, Mr. Tee-Leo Ikoro, said he was not aware of the incident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.