BCX Nigeria, a technology solution provider, has said it has concluded all arrangements to reposition the company for better service quality, as it plans to rebrand the company anytime from now. The Chief Executive Officer of BCX Nigeria, Mr. Ayo Adegboye, who made the disclosure in Lagos during an online chat with the media, said: “In about a month from now, BCX Nigeria, the brand that you have trusted all these years, will be switching over to its new brand identity. To mark this historic event, we will be having a hybrid event consisting of both virtual and onsite activities. Since our advent into the Nigerian business environment in 2008, BCX Nigeria has been at the forefront of developing innovative and disruptive technology solutions for all of West Africa.” According to him, in 2009, BCX deployed the “Campus-wide Wireless Network” for one of Nigeria’s foremost Universities and that this became the largest single enterprise Wi-Fi project in the country at the time. “Three years later, in 2012, we launched the BCX Cloud Computing Service, a major contribution to Nigeria’s ICT infrastructure. In 2013, we deployed the very first SIM Registration Solution (in-country) for one of the largest Telcos in Nigeria. Five years later, in 2018, we deployed end-user computing and networking for the world’s largest brewery, and just last year, we signed a contract to deploy the largest Vocalcom deal in Africa for over 2,500 agents. “In so many ways, our customers have been part of the BCX journey for 12 years and as we rebrand to take on new challenges, innovate new solutions and deliver a greater future, we want customers to be part of this next stage in our evolution,” Adegboye said. Giving reasons for rebranding, he said following the acquisition of BCX Group by Telkom in 2015, the business decided to divest all its investments outside Southern Africa and earlier on in 2020, BCX Nigeria exchanged ownership in a management buyout led by the company’s incumbent Managing Director, Mr Ayo Adegboye and IP & Cloud Ltd. The new entity though now fully Nigerian owned will continue to maintain a strategic relationship with BCX SA and also retain global best practices imbibed from them, Adegboye said, adding that financially, BCX Nigeria has run autonomously for the last five years and with this acquisition, is now better positioned to expand to other areas in the country besides its head office in Lagos and regional offices in Port Harcourt and Abuja especially in sectors where local content had erstwhile been a barrier. “We are currently concluding our regional expansion to other parts of sub-Saharan Africa. One of our differentiators in the industry has been our technical strength and our clients are assured of seamless continuity in this regard since all accreditations and certifications were obtained locally and therefore remain valid. In the coming days, we will share with you more details about the virtual launch event and how Nigerians can join this new journey,” Adegboye added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE