Despite the hundreds of billions which Central Bank of Nigeria has devoted to agricultural production in recent years, more Nigerians fall steadily into hunger by the day as prices of food and other items continue to skyrocket beyond the reach of the average citizen. National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) reported in its consumer price index (CPI) Monday that food index, a component of the CPI, was 17.38 per cent in October 2020, compared to 16.66 per cent recorded in September. The major drivers of food inflation were increases recorded in the prices of bread and cereals, potatoes, yam and other tubers, meat, fish, fruits, vegetable, alcoholic and food beverages and oils and fats. Generally, inflation rate rose by 14.23 per cent (year-on-year) in October 2020, as against 13.71 per cent recorded in September 2020. According to the report, the October figures indicate a persistent increase in 14 months and the highest recorded since March 2018. The highest increases were recorded in prices of passenger transport by air, hospital and medical services, passenger transport by road, pharmaceutical products, motor cars, vehicle spare parts, maintenance and repair of personal transport equipment, hairdressing salons and personal grooming establishments, miscellaneous services relating to the dwelling, paramedical services and shoes and other footwear. The rise in inflationary pressure indicates a persistent decrease in the purchasing power of consumers especially at a time when the economy is on the verge of recession, characterised by increases in price of major food items and service fees. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… Food inflation jumps to 17.38% in October, as CPI hits 14.3% SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.