Nigeria’s former ambassador to Switzerland and chieftain of Northern Elders Forum (NEF), Ambassador Yahaya Kwande, has canvassed that the presidency should be zoned to the North in 2023 by the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). Speaking to Sunday Tribune in Jos, Ambassador Kwande said that zoning has no place in Nigeria’s constitution and added that it was an arrangement by political parties to address some political issues confronting the country, particularly the PDP which started it to pacify the South over the annulment of June 12, 1993 election. “It started with the PDP, zoning is not part of our constitution, it was a party arrangement. The South produced former President Olusegun Obasanjo for eight years, after that North, in the person of the late Umaru Yar’Adua took over but could not complete the first term before he died. The vice, Goodluck Jonathan, completed the term in line with the constitution of the country. “Instead of Jonathan to allow another northerner to contest in 2011, he contested and won, thereby depriving the North the opportunity of completing its eight years. So, in line with the zoning arrangements of the PDP, the North still has another four-year term. “The principle of zoning is an internal arrangement of political party, if PDP is not jettisoning zoning in 2023, the North still has another four years because former President Goodluck Jonathan took away the four years that belonged to the North. The question of Buhari being a president from the North is irrelevant, he belongs to another political party, zoning is a party affair,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.