The Nasarawa State House of Assembly on Tuesday disclosed that the 2020 supplementary budget sent to it by Governor Abdullahi Sule, some days ago is ready and will be passed on Wednesday. The supplementary budget of N20.2 billion is to cover the period between November 1, 2020, to December 31, 2020. Speaker of the House Rt. Hon. Ibrahim Balarabe Abdullahi announced this after the House deliberated on a report submitted by the House committee on finance and appropriation. Balarabe further disclosed that the sum of N14,816,626,602 is for recurrent expenditure while N5,386,719,300 is for capital expenditure as recommended by the House Standing Committee in the report. Earlier, Hon. Tanko Tunga, the majority leader of the house moved a motion for the adoption of the committee’s report which was seconded by the minority leader of the house, Hon. Danladi Jatau and the house unanimously adopted the report. The speaker slated Wednesday, November 25, 2020, for third reading and subsequent passage of the bill. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.