A High Court sitting in Akure, Ondo State capital has sentenced a middle-aged man, Olusola Alo, to life imprisonment for raping her daughter. The convict who was said to have started have carnal knowledge of his daughter since when she was 10 years old was exposed when the young girl opened up at a students’ fellowship meeting that somebody was already having sex with her. The young girl was said to have narrated her ordeal in her father’s hand, saying her father always demand sex anytime she requested for money from him for school fees, self-medication books or personal upkeep. The court informed that the victim’s school principal reported the incident to the police while the father who was arrested pleaded not guilty to the one-count charge of rape preferred against him. Delivering his judgement, Justice Samuel Bola said that the evidence before the court against the defendants confirmed that the defendant always demanded sexual intercourse from her daughter before he acceded to her requests were true. Justice Bola said the defendant did not adduce any oral evidence to deny the evidence of his daughter or defend himself and found him guilty as charged. He, however, sentenced Alo to life imprisonment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Man jailed for life  Man jailed for life #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Man jailed for life  Man jailed for life NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.