Wherever there are groups of people the leader is a very crucial person. The leader’s life and his operations are extremely critical as success or otherwise has an effect not just on the leader but on everyone who is connected to him. The welfare of many people are tied to what he does or does not do. The failure of society is the failure of leadership and the success of any people can be traced to the quality of leadership they have. “If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader.” —Dolly Parton “The trouble with Nigeria is simply and squarely a failure of leadership. There is nothing basically wrong with the Nigerian land or climate or water or air or anything else. The Nigerian problem is the unwillingness or inability of its leaders to rise to the responsibility, to the challenge of personal example which are the hallmarks of true leadership.” —Chinua Achebe Leadership is too serious an issue to be taken lightly. It must be taken and carried out with every sense of responsibility. Wherever there is failure in society the leader must take responsibility – he has to own up and either get things going or resign his position. A good leader never gives excuses for the failure encountered in the group he has responsibility to lead. Like any other endeavor in life, for leadership to be carried out effectively it must be carried out with an understanding of the fundamentals. A leader who does not have a good grasp of leadership basics is doomed to fail sooner or later and the society will be the worse for it. We live in very difficult times and at no time in history do we need effective leadership than now. Leaders fail because of many reasons. “It’s better to have a partner than go it alone. Share the work, share the wealth. And if one falls down, the other helps, But if there’s no one to help, tough!” Ecclesiastes 4.9-10 If the leader is to succeed he  must listen to those who are closest to the real action and have the knowledge to make good decisions. “Wise leaders generally have wise counselors because it takes a wise person themselves to distinguish them.” Diogenes of Sinope  TO BE CONTINUED FOR ENQUIRIES AND COMMENTS PLEASE SEND EMAIL TO charismokola @yahoo.com  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today