President Muhammadu Buhari, on Sunday, joined family, friends, and the media industry to mourn celebrated journalist and former editor of Sunday Times, Mr Gbolabo Ogunsanwo. According to a statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity) in Abuja, the president recalled the height to which the deceased took Sunday Times in the 1970s, printing an unprecedented one million copies per week, and says he left his footprints on the sands of time. President Buhari added that the late Ogunsanwo, would also be remembered for his weekly column, “which was full of wisdom, wit, humour, and pointed the way to a better nation.” The statement noted that the departed journalist spent the latter part of his life as a clergyman, a fact that the president saw as a perfect blend of the secular and the spiritual, and which he commended to those coming behind. President Buhari prayed that the soul of Ogunsanwo would rest in peace. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Buhari mourns celebrated journalist, Gbolabo Ogunsanwo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now