After spending barely 24 hours in the den of kidnappers, Frederick Shaibu, the kidnapped younger brother of the Deputy Governor of Edo State, Philip Shaibu, was released, on Wednesday, by his abductors in Benin. The young Shaibu was waylaid and abducted by some gunmen,n on Tuesday, while on a school run to drop off his children at Irhiriri, Airport Road, Benin. Tribune Online gathered that Shaibi was released after an undisclosed amount of money was paid as ransom for his freedom. A family source, who pleaded anonymity, on Wednesday evening, confirmed that the kidnap victim was released in good health. “I can tell you authoritatively that Frederick has been released to the family and he is in good health. The family is happy to have him and he is also excited to rejoin his family after his ordeal in the hands of his abductors,” the source enthused. Shaibu’s kidnap followed the pattern of a crime wave that has enveloped Edo State in the last couple of weeks since the police withdrew its personnel from the streets, following the violence that marred the peaceful #EndSARS protest in the state. Criminal elements have been having rendezvous with impunity as robbery, carjacking, kidnapping and other crimes become rampant. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kidnapped Edo deputy governor’s younger brother released SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.