Hunters under the umbrella of the professional Hunters Association of Nigeria, Lagos State chapter, on Monday, declared their readiness to assist the government of Lagos State to ensure security of lives and properties if given the required support. The Commander of the Lagos State Chapter, Chief Balogun Oguniyimade, who made this known while speaking on insecurity across the state, explained that security must not be left to the government alone as it is a collective effort which entails each individual playing a part. “We are calling on the Lagos State government to carry us along in the security system of the state because it is obvious that the fight against crime can only be successful with adequate synergy,” he said. Oguniyi reiterated that while their members can check the activities of hoodlums but can only record success with adequate assistance from government and communities, adding that, “we need the assistance of the state to enable us to perform effectively and also to complement the efforts of police and other security agents in the state. We need help in terms of mobility, equipment and stipends for our members. “Our efforts have led to the arrest and hand over of several criminals to security agents for proper investigations and prosecution and with the present high rate of crime in the country, it is time hunters who are capable of fighting crime across the state are empowered because we have traditional power and methods that can help security agents,” he said. He further sympathised with the governor on the loss suffered recently across the state as a result of activities by hoodlums while also commending the way disaster has been handled so far by the Sanwo-Olu administration. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.