A former Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Tafa Balogun has urged police officers to put behind them the attacks faced during the #EndSARS protests and return to their duty posts, without further delay. Balogun, in a statement on Thursday, said a continued failure of police personnel to return to their duty posts amounted to a betrayal of their constitutional duty to guarantee internal security. Though he decried intimidation, brutal attacks on the police during the protests, he urged officers to be encouraged by resolve of the federal and state governments and the police authorities to address the attacks. Balogun said, “I urge all members of the Nigeria Police in our country to return to their duty posts and continue to provide the much-needed security to our dear country, Nigeria; not minding the recent brutal attacks, arson, and acts of intimidation against the police. “The Nigeria Police remain the first line of internal security as guaranteed by the Nigerian constitution. Therefore, it behoves all and sundry not to betray the spirit of the constitution. “I sincerely appeal and urge all my brothers and sisters in the Police Force to put the past behind us as the federal and state governments, as well as the police authorities, are positively and aggressively addressing the unprecedented provocative attacks on the police institution. We all love you. “Please, once again, I appeal to all of you to return to duty without further delay.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.