The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), University of Ibadan chapter, on Tuesday, directed her members to boycott 2020 convocation and the foundation laying ceremonies of the institution. This development may not be unconnected with the ongoing strike embarked upon by the union. In a press release signed by the chairman of ASUU, UI chapter, Professor Ayo Akinwole, the union contended that holding convocation ceremonies is a violation of the principle of the ongoing strike. Akinwole maintained that the union is constrained to “advise members not to be in attendance or participate in the preparation for and the actualisation of the said convocation and 72nd Foundation Day Ceremonies.” It was gathered that the union have also communicated her position via a letter written to the outgoing Vice-Chancellor, Professor Idowu Olayinka. “The notice for the university of Ibadan 2020 Graduation and 72 foundation Day ceremonies come to our attention on Saturday, November 7, 2020. In the spirit of the current ASUU strike, holding graduation ceremonies at this time would be a violation of the principle of the ongoing strike to rescue public university education in Nigeria. To the best of our knowledge, there was no request for a waiver for such to take place in the University of Ibadan,” the release added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, October 25 to 31, the 44th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 1,390 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 724 who were discharged in the previous week. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.