The National Universities Commission (NUC) has issued a letter of recognition to Governor of Kogi State, Yahaya Bello, for the establishment of the Confluence University of Science & Technology, Osara. Executive Secretary of NUC, Professor Abubakar Rasheed, presented the letter to the Governor on Tuesday in Abuja, bringing the number of State-owned Universities in Nigeria to 50. Bello, who led top functionaries from the State to the Commission, said the idea behind the creation of the university was to raise graduates who could harness the natural resources in the state. He said the university was also inspired by the need to contribute to national development, especially raising a crop of graduates with an entrepreneurial mindset and self-reliance. According to him, the university would operate in tandem with international best practices, while care will be taken in appointing the management team and other levels of staff. While expressing excitement over the approval, Bello lauded the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu for reintroducing history into schools curriculum. He noted that there was a need for the upcoming generation of citizens to be kept abreast with our historical journey as a country. ALSO READ: Osun warns public school principals against selling uniforms to students “Confluence was conceived to be a Specialised University of Science and Technology because we know the importance of education, without education we won’t be gathered here today. “Ours will be a very functional university because it will put our knowledge to the test, you all know that we are quick in exporting our natural resources without adding real value, rather than sitting down to look at how we can develop our own technology, this university will exist to bridge that gap and contribute to the general well being of Nigeria, “he stated. Meanwhile, Executive Secretary of the National Universities Commission (NUC), Professor Abubakar Rasheed, said the Commission gave approval for its establishment as part of measures to deepen Science Technology, Engineering and Mathematics STEM, including research, medical and allied courses in the country. “Without education non of us will be here today, this is going to be a specialised university, one that will be focused specifically on courses that will accelerate Nigeria’s economic growth and measure up in skills in the 21st century, “he stated. According to Rasheed, with the provisional license, Confluence University is now recognised as the 50th State University in the country, while the management of the National Youth Service Corps, the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, the Tertiary Education Trust Fund among other agencies would be notified accordingly of the existence of the institution. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Kogi gov gets NUC’s letter of recognition for new varsity SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.