PROSTITUTION is the practice of engagement in relatively indiscriminate sexual activity, in general with someone who is not a spouse or a friend, in exchange for immediate payment in money or other valuable. I need to let you know that prostitution is legalised and regulated in some countries such as Germany, Switzerland, Greece, Austria and so on. In fact, major European cities have red light districts and regulated brothers that pay taxes and follow certain rules. Historically, prostitution could be traced back to 1900s in Nigeria during the rising of economic importance of Lagos as a seaport and capital city. This attracted many Nigerians from the hinterland into the city. By 1910, commercial sex services had become prevalent in Lagos. According to United National Interregional Crime and Justice Research Institute, about 8,000-10,000 women of Nigerian descent practised prostitution in Italy between 2000-2009. It is very real that prostitution has lines in all the sectors in the country. I’m sure that the religious sector is not exempted too. But we are in a society where we pretend about everything. Our government needs to work harder on making the economy suitable for everybody. On a sincere note, the sick economy is not helping the situation, hence, people give in to prostitution to survive. Our religious bodies, media houses and NGOs need to rise to help here. The sad part of the issue is that we have young girls that are into prostitution. This shouldn’t be. We need to be okay with what we have. Though it’s not enough, it will surely become greater and larger if we will not be lazy about it. In conclusion, prostitution isn’t a laudable venture as it has so many dangers. lordlonimi1@gmail.com YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.