The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said that it is deeply grieved by the death of elder statesman, outstanding Democrat and former governor of old Kaduna State, Alhaji Balarabe Musa. In a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan National Publicity Secretary, in Abuja on Wednesday, the party described Musa’s death as “a huge national loss given his steadfastness, patriotic contributions and zeal in fighting for the unity, stability and development of our nation.” It said: “Alhaji Musa was a forthright leader, an embodiment of ideals, who spent the better part of his life championing the entrenchment of justice, equity, fairness and rule of law in every sector of our national life, despite the challenges he faced. “Our party commiserates with the Balarabe Musa family, the government and people of Kaduna state, as well as his friends and associates even as we pray that the Almighty God grants eternal repose to his soul and fortitude to the family and the nation at large, to bear this irreparable loss.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.Balarabe Musa’s death Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America.Balarabe Musa’s death According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.Balarabe Musa’s death Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.Balarabe Musa’s death NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.