THE Nigerian Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA) has said it is set to launch a Special Economic Zone in Taraba State. According to NEPZA, the economic zone will boost non-oil sectors like agriculture in the state. NEPZA Managing Director, Professor Adesoji Adesugba, made this known during a meeting with governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba State. Adesugba, further noted that the establishment is an off-shoot of the Federal Government’s economic diversification plans. The diversification plans, Adesugba remarked, would be achieved with the establishment of Free Economic Zones around the nation. He said: “Free zones all over the world are used to accelerate development and they serve as catalysts for economic development. “Taraba is the second largest state in Nigeria and we shall work assiduously with the state to create the economic zones. “I am actually pleased that the state government has created an enabling environment for businesses to thrive. “We will constitute a working group to ensure that this is realized as soon as possible. “These special economic zones when established will help to ignite activity in the agricultural and mining sectors, and jobs will be created for our youths, while the government generates revenue.” Speaking on the relevance of the Special Economic Zones, Gov. Ishaku noted that it was a welcome development, as it would actively engage the state’s youth population as well as increase revenue. He harped on the importance of the zones, particularly in agriculture and tourism, thus: “We are ready to work with NEPZA in ensuring that a free zone is established in our state so that the opportunities it offers in agriculture, mining, and tourism can be explored. “We are currently working towards expanding our Airport and that will go a long way in boosting the economic activities of the state. “Taraba is bigger than some countries in size and has a population of over 3.6 million people. So, creating such a free zone will help mobilize our youths and turn them into productive people.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine
THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke
What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning
IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again 
AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE