For Africa to become a digital hub for skills, it has been said that there is the need to reshape the thinking around skilling. Skills Programme Manager, Microsoft 4Afrika, Martin Ndlovu, stated that: “We must abandon the notion that skilling is a once-off event that happens at the start of our careers (the traditional university/college precept), and look at it as a continuous arc of learning that progresses throughout our working lives.” He further noted that:”Stanford professor Carol Dweck is famous for her philosophy of a growth mindset – that “In a growth mindset, people believe that their most basic abilities can be developed through dedication and hard work—brains and talent are just the starting point. “This view creates a love of learning and a resilience that is essential for great accomplishment.” It is imperative for all current and future employees to adopt a growth mindset.” ALSO READ:We’ve serviced over 45 brands, 15 PR agencies in five years–P+ Measurement Services Ndlovu, while empasising the need for a shift in model of learning posited that:”Naturally, the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated our shift to digital learning platforms. While training has traditionally been predominantly classroom-driven, the pandemic made the shift to virtual an unavoidable and essential progression. From necessity, people have come to realise that virtual training is a viable option. “Self-paced online learning opens many doors for people who may otherwise not be exposed to these experiences. For example, 4Afrika-supported SkillsLabs across Africa have migrated to digital learning platforms during the pandemic, while our volunteer programme, MySkills4Afrika, has pivoted to virtual engagements as travel bans and lockdowns make in-person training and engagements unachievable.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.