A 16-year-old girl, Bahijja Gombe, working as a housemaid with a family at Zoo Road in the ancient city of Kano, has allegedly committed suicide on Saturday. This was just as the image-maker of the state police command, DSP Haruna Abdullahi, who confirmed the incident, said that Bahijja’s corpse has been deposited at the Murtala Muhammad Hospital. An eyewitness, who preferred anonymity, disclosed that Bahijja, an indigene of Gombe State, was alleged to have killed herself by hanging without leaving any suicide note. It was however gathered that Bahijja who was responsible for cleaning the house as well as attending to customers at her madam’s shop, was not attending any Islamic schools or Western education in the state. However, some members of the community stated that it was to their surprise that her corpse was found hanging in a room on Saturday at about 10.00 pm, but some of the residents suspected foul play in the incident. DSP Haruna Abdullahi who confirmed the incident said Bahijja’s corpse has been deposited at the Murtala Muhammad Hospital, adding that investigation has commenced into the actual reasons behind Bahijja’s death. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.