In the book of Exodus, chapter 14, verse 15, the Bible says: Exodus 14:15  And the LORD said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward: One of the special privileges that God has given us is the ability to move. And human beings move a lot. In fact, movement is so central to human existence that generation after generation, we keep inventing new methods and instruments for moving around. Unless we move, life will be very dull indeed. Human life is about movement. Progress only happens as we move. In fact, it has been said that human institutions are either a movement or a monument. And as individuals, if you do not move, you will become a monument. Life will pass you by. Movement is not only physical. Movement can also be mental. It can be psychological. It can be emotional. It can be spiritual. Somebody can be with you physically, but his mind is completely in another place – that person has moved mentally. A woman can be sleeping in the same bed with her husband, but her feelings are with her boyfriend who is very far away – she has moved emotionally. A man may not have money to pay his rent today, but he already has the working drawings of how his mansion will look like, and he has already written a budget for the construction – he has moved psychologically. Physically, he is a struggling tenant, but psychologically, he is a landlord. Movement is therefore of various kinds. Our thesis, however, is that to make progress, man has to keep moving physically, mentally, socially, psychologically, spiritually and so on. A time came in the life of the children of Israel that they had to move. They had to move to escape the discomfort and danger of slavery. They had to move towards the freedom, safety and abundance of the Promised Land. God stretched forth His mighty hand to compel Pharaoh to release them. And overnight, a people who had been slaves for over four hundred years became free. However, at this moment of liberty, what did we see? As they approached their point of total freedom, they met a barrier – the Red Sea. And they did not know what to do again – so they stayed there. They not only stayed there; they cried. They murmured. They lamented. Does that describe you? Many people today are really behind in life. It is not that they want to be behind. It is the barriers of life that held them down. Even though they had been freed from their taskmaster of four centuries, a barrier held the children of Israel down – and they could no longer move towards their promised land. How did God deal with the barrier that stood in front of the children of Israel? According to Exodus 14:15, God simply told them to move forward. Can that be what God is saying to you also?  TO BE CONTINUED  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.