IN line with the goal of the Financial Centre for Sustainability, Lagos (FC4SL) to position itself as a champion and leading regional financial centre for sustainability in Africa, FC4SL commenced efforts to establish a relationship with the Casablanca City Finance Authority (CFCA), Morocco, one of the founding members of the FC4S Global Network. Consequently, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was executed by both parties at a virtual Signing Ceremony which took place during the FC4S Global Network Annual General Meeting hosted by Finance for Tomorrow, the Paris FC4S chapter, with about 32 member countries in attendance. This collaboration between FC4SL and CFCA, Morocco, sets to birth a mutually beneficial relationship that would ensure common practices are exchanged amongst both parties. The MoU signing symbolises the agreement by both parties to work together to drive innovative ideas that would assist in entrenching the concept of green and sustainable finance as well as aiding the delivery of the UN’s 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). Speaking to stakeholders present at the virtual Signing Ceremony, the Vice Chairman, FC4SL, and Chairman, Federal Government of Nigeria Economic Advisory Council, Dr Doyin Salami, stated that “this partnership will likely foster intra-Africa trade and investment whilst helping to ensure that the whole ecosystem within the sustainable finance market is fully harnessed. Indeed, initiatives driven by both parties would be essential in tackling climate-related challenges as well as yielding tangible economic and social benefits for Nigeria, Morocco and beyond”. The Deputy General Manager, CFCA, Morocco, Ms. Lamia Merzouki, who is also a newly elected Co-Chair of the FC4S Global Network, while addressing attendees present, reiterated that “CFCA is very glad to sign this MoU with FC4S Lagos”. She added, “With a solid green DNA and a committed team, I am confident that we can, hand in hand, positively impact the continent’s effort in meeting its SDGs, and help transition towards more sustainable economies.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now