THE Nigerian Correctional Service has suspended from Service, Deputy Controller of Corrections, Abubakar Mohammed Sani, who was arraigned by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, (EFCC) over alleged recruitment scam. He was arraigned before Justice Hadiza Sabi’u Shagari of the Federal High Court Katsina on a six-count charge of conspiracy and obtaining money by false pretence. Spokesperson of NCoS, Mr Augustine Njoku, in a statement on Monday said the Service on the approval of Civil Defence, Corrections, Fire and Immigration Services Board (CDCFIB) had on October 26, 2020, suspended the above-mentioned officer based on the charge of gross misconduct reported against him. He quoted the Controller General of Corrections, Mr Ja’afaru Ahmed, saying the service would not take lightly any case of any case of misconduct against any personnel of the service. It can be recalled that recently the CDCFIB approved the dismissal of seven senior officers from the service based on the recommendation of the Senior Officers Disciplinary Committee. The CGC called on members of the public with similar or any case against members of staff to forward such to the office for appropriate disciplinary actions. He assures the public of the safe and humane custody of all those legally committed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now