A mathematics teacher with Elihans College, Isawo, Ikorodu, Lagos State, who allegedly beat one of his students to death is still at large four days after he committed the crime. Head of Public Affairs Unit of Lagos State Ministry of Education, Mr Kayode Abayomi, said this on Sunday when Tribune Online asked for an update over the incident. The teacher, who is identified simply as Mr Emma reportedly beat Master Boluwatife Omelaja to death last Thursday, November 26 within the school premises because he couldn’t answer a mathematics question he was asked correctly. Tribune Online gathered that it was the deceased’s sibling, Lateef Omelaja, who is also a student of the privately-owned school that later opened up on the incident at home as the school authorities had reportedly lied to the family when they brought his body home that he slumped and died in class so as to cover up the atrocity. ALSO READ: Blackouts as system collapse hits national grid It was also gathered that when Boluwatife’s body was brought home in the school’s bus by the school proprietress and principal that the said teacher accompanied them without knowing the real news nor his role in the death of the boy whose body was buried a few hours later according to Muslim’s rite. And since then, the teacher has been at large. Mr Kayode, however, said investigations have already begun with the Office of Education Quality Assurance for the state handling the matter on behalf of the state government. Tribune Online contacted the Director-General of the office, Mrs Abiola Seriki-Ayeni, on phone, but she responded by sending SMS that she could not talk at that time and SMS sent back to her for an update on the incident was not responded to till the time of filing the report. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    Teacher who allegedly beat student to death in Lagos still on the run ― Ministry SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now