The South East is yet to meet to take a position on the zoning of the 2023 presidency to the zone even though it believes that it is the turn of the geo-graphical zone to produce the next president. Elders and major stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ebonyi State gave this position at a press conference in Abuja on Monday following the defection of the Governor Dave Umahi to the All Progressive Congress (APC) on the grounds that the PDP had failed to zone its presidential ticket to the region. Speaking on behalf of others, Ambassador Frank Ogbuewu, who was flanked by former Senate President Ayim Pius Ayim and former Ebonyi State governor, Senator Sam Egwu, said members of the party will abide by the decision of the South East zone PDP on the matter. He said: “We affirm our belief that it is the turn of South East to produce the next president of Nigeria. We, however, note that at no time has the South East zone of the PDP met to discuss or resolve on the strategies to actualize the zoning of the presidency to South East come 2023. “We affirm our resolve to obey and honour any decision or resolution by the South East PDP on how to actualize the zoning of the presidency to South East come 2023. “We note the explanation of the party that the issue of zoning is not yet on the table for consideration and in due time it will treated in line with the party rules and guidelines.” Referring to themselves as “the founding fathers, elders, major stakeholders and leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ebonyi State, who have, from inception to date, piloted the affairs of the party to all electoral victories across all levels including that of the incumbent governor,” the elders affirmed the right of the Umahi to determine his political direction. However, they noted: “But we also wish that he respects the rights of others to freely enjoy their rights to belong to any party of their choice. “Being political products of PDP, we are minded to keep faith with our party both when in power at the centre or in opposition, with the hope that in due time the party will give the quest to zone the presidency to South East the consideration it deserves. “Finally we assure Ebonyians that our party the PDP remains the only party that is deeply rooted in the minds of our people and its strength remains unshakable.” Meanwhile, the PDP National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, has alleged that Governor Umahi, who recently announced his exit from the PDP, was deceived to join the ruling APC. Inaugurating the newly constituted caretaker committee of the party for the Ebonyi State chapter in Abuja on Monday, the party boss also said the governor was being used to “test the depth of the waters.” He alleged that the federal government was trying to take away the South East from the PDP but would not succeed. Represented by the Deputy National Chairman (North), Senator Suleiman Nazif, he affirmed that the APC has nothing to offer to Umahi that he did not already have in the PDP. He said the Ebonyi governor will, therefore, wander and return to the PDP in the end, noting that the party remains the home of the south east. He said: “You have a safe haven in the PDP. PDP is a household name in the South East, PDP will continue to be a household name in Ebonyi State. Let’s not be deceive and wander. “Let them not think that because that have tactically taken our governor in Imo, they can do it in Ebonyi. We fought extremely hard, a tree cannot make a forest. We have people behind governors, there are people behind leaders and those people will continue to remain in PDP,” he said. The party boss also assured that the PDP remains the party of Ebonyi state and the south east, expressing confidence that the party will continue to win all elections conducted in the state. The caretaker committee inaugurated is made up of Hon. Fred Udeogu, Chairman; Barr. Luke Nkwegu, Secretary; Dr. Gideon Osi, Publicity Secretary, Hon. James Alaka, Organizing Secretary; Mrs. Amaka Igboke, Women Leader; Barr Mudi Irenede, Legal Adviser; Barr. Ibeshi, Youth Leader; Barr. James Onah, Assistant Secretary and Mr. Monday Chukwu, Treasurer. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.