FEDERAL consumer protection agency, the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC)  has announced its signing of an updated tripartite Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)  with Nigeria’s Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the United States foremost competition and consumer protection authority, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). This, the agency explains, is aimed at strengthening cooperation and collaboration in addressing mutual cross-border consumer protection/fraud concerns and problems. The Executive Vice Chairman/CEO, FCCPC, Mr. Babatunde Irukera, in a statement made available to Brands & Marketing,  described the updated MoU, as reaffirming the agencies’ intention and willingness to deploy their capacities  to work together, share information, and assist one another in relevant investigations. The FCCPC boss also described the MoU as consistent with FCCPC’s mandate and strategy to cooperate with counterpart agencies and other regulators to protect consumers and promote market competition in Nigeria. The updated MoU, he added, also establishes a Joint Implementation Committee to develop joint training programmes and provide assistance with regards to specific investigations. He expressed the belief that the cross-border collaboration would form  one of the most vital tools for combating criminal conduct and consumer protection violations, which now transcend territories; since criminals and exploiters specifically create arrangements and devices to exploit consumers globally from remote locations in order to escape justice and retribution. “This framework strengthens our joint abilities and efforts to address this. The MoU also affirms the agencies’ continuing support for econsumer.gov;  a joint project of similar  agencies from 40 countries for reporting international online scams. The MoU is a framework for voluntary cooperation that does not change existing laws in either country,” he added. The FCCPC boss, the Acting Executive Chairman, EFCC, Mohammend Umar Abba and Joseph Simons, Chairman, FTC all signed the updated MoU on behalf of their respective agencies. The FTC is the United States government’s equivalent of the FCCPC with a mandate to regulate competition and enforce consumer protection laws.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE