The management of Nigeria’s Independent Public Relations (PR) measurement and  evaluation agency, P+ Measurement Services, said  the agency had  been able to offer services to over 45 brands and 15 Public Relations agencies, in its five years of operation in the country, thereby surpassing  clients’ expectations. As the only AMEC Member in Nigeria, P+ has strong partnerships with the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR) and Reel forge Media Monitoring; the biggest media monitoring agency in the East African region covering more than five countries. Speaking on the business portfolio of the leading agency, with expertise in Media Monitoring, PR Measurement and Audit, CEO Media Performance and Advisory, its Chief Insights Officer, Philip Odiakose, stated that a strong belief of the agency is that every client media data has a story to tell, and it depends on how strategic you analyse the data to yield meaningful results. He avowed that P+ services with state-of-the-art technology and highly skilled media analysts has greatly enhanced clients’ businesses to immeasurable heights, exceeding their expectations, thus making P+ unique in the industry it operates. “Our Measurement and Evaluation report is in-depth, robust and flexible to accommodate valid metrics that brands desire to see reflected in their reports, audit is also based on the AMEC Standard in accordance with the Barcelona Principle 3.0. We deploy the P+MCA(media content analysis) methodology for media evaluation and analysis based on qualitative and quantitative metrics in analysing media exposure,” Odiakose affirmed. On the agency’s portfolio, the Chief Operating Officer, Olufunke Mohammed, stated that due to the value the agency attached  to the value of valid PR metrics to its clients’ media performance audit report, it had been able to  provide media monitoring, measurement, evaluation and performance audit services for brands, agencies and government bodies that operate in various industries and organisations. The Regional Executive Head, Marketing and Corporate Communication, Standard Bank Group, Nkiru Olumide-Ojo, described the agency as an amazing partner on managing upheavals in the media management value chain.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.