The Chief Judge of Oyo State, Justice Munta Ladipo Abimbola on behalf of the state judiciary, collected the donation of phone lines from the Ibadan branch of the Nigeria Bar Association (NBA), on Monday. The phone lines, according to the executives of the bar, are given as its contribution towards improving service delivery in the judiciary especially in terms of communication. Speaking during the presentation, Justice Abimbola said the new telephone lines will be made available to lawyers who may need to have updates on information regarding their cases and adequate monitoring of their processes. According to him, this will undoubtedly assist in case tracking and management and ultimately lead to improved service delivery and seamless synergy between lawyers and the courts. Justice Abimbola expressed appreciation to the NBA Ibadan branch and assured them of quick dispensation of justice, reiterating that partnership between the NBA and the judiciary will be enhanced and unprecedented, leading to a more effective justice delivery system. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.