The first lady of Oyo state, Mrs Tamunomini Makinde should start a campaign against parents who are using their children for labour and depriving them of the right to education.  It is a common feature to see children of different ages hawking on the streets when they should be in school. Their parents are aware that education is free in Oyo state yet, they bluntly refuse to enroll their children in school. Some girls have been raped while others have been impregnated. Mrs Makinde should use her good offices to protect the future of these female children by taking steps to stop child labour. No pupil should be seen on the road during school hours. Any child found on the streets during school hours should be arrested and her parents charged to court to face criminal prosecution. This is the time to save the future of our children who are always on the streets to satisfy their parents. Jimoh Mumin Esq., Ibadan. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…child labour  child labour #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…child labour  child labour child labour NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.