THE House of Representatives Committee on Maritime Safety, Education and Administration has given a thumbs up to the budget implementation status of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), saying the agency has done creditably well, despite the coronavirus pandemic.  Chairman of the committee, Lynda Ikpeazu, stated this in Lagos during an oversight visit by members to NIMASA. Ikpeazu expressed confidence in the current management of NIMASA led by the Director-General, Dr. Bashir Jamoh. She said Dr. Jamoh had laid down a clear roadmap for taking the agency to greater heights, and pledged the lower chamber’s support. Jamoh had on assumption of duty as Director-General in March launched a three-pronged agenda for maritime industry development focused on Maritime Safety, Maritime Security, and Shipping Development. The House Committee chairman said by that agenda, “The Director-General has laid a good foundation for the committee and the committee is here to monitor the activities of the agency for 2020 and see how it has performed so far and further legislative assistance that can be brought to bear in order to generate more revenue for the government.” She added, “The DG of NIMASA is doing his best to ensure that he repositions the agency to make sure the agency delivers on its core mandates. We will make sure we give the DG all the necessary support he needs because we have seen him moving towards the right direction and, most especially, he has made it clear to us that he wants to address insecurity in the Gulf of Guinea. The issue of security goes a long way to affect revenue generation in the maritime sector.” The chairman also revealed that the Coastal and Inland Shipping Act Amendment Bill had gone through First Reading in the House of Representatives. She said the proposed amendment will reflect contemporary issues that would be beneficial to indigenous shipowners in the country. “A more responsive Cabotage law will stimulate opportunities and policies for giving seafarers jobs and improve on shipbuilding capacity,” Ikpeazu stated. Jamoh, in his response, thanked the committee for the cooperation and support it had accorded NIMASA. He said on his watch human capacity development in the maritime industry would continue to take pride of place. The Director-General stated, “Human beings are the most important link in the maritime industry and, at the same time, the weakest and most complicated in the industry. This administration will take the issue of training and capacity development of staff seriously and we have gone further to maintain a close relationship with the maritime workers union to ensure that dockworkers are properly trained.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.