The remains of another six-year-old girl, Aisha Ya’u allegedly defiled, killed and dumped at a cemetery have been found in Kumashi area of Kaduna State. It would be recalled that on June 28 while locals were in their houses due to the lockdown occasioned by COVID-19, the body lifeless of a little girl was found in a mosque in the same area. Barely five months after the incident, Aisha’s lifeless body was found in the same circumstance but in a cemetery last Sunday. A neighbour who craved anonymity revealed that the girl returned from Islamiyya on Sunday around 11 am, changed into her playing clothes and went out to play in the neighbourhood until a few hours later when her mother discovered that she was missing. “The search for the girl began and she was found dead at a burial ground in the area by a farmer with sand all over her body,” a family source revealed. Efforts to speak with the mother of the victim, Amaratu Ya’u, failed because she was still in shock over the incident. According to the source, “the search started around midnight and lasted till evening. It was a man who was returning from a farm that discovered Aisha’s lifeless body dumped in the cemetery close to their home and alerted people.” Reacting, Commissioner, Ministry of Human Services and Social Development, Hafsat Muhammad-Baba, who expressed sadness over the development called on the Commissioner of Police in the state, Muri Umar, to deploy all available resources to apprehend the perpetrators of the heinous crime happening repeatedly in the same community. “Right thinking Kaduna people are very sad with this unfortunate development. While we are still waiting for the apprehension of criminal elements who did a similar thing in the same area during the lockdown, this one happened again. It is unfortunate, to say the least. “This is coming at a time the current administration action is doing everything possible to protect our children in Kaduna State. These criminals are still on a rampage but they must be stopped. “With cruelty like this, our children are not safe any longer because this can happen to any child which is why our security must do their work to apprehend the perpetrators and bring them to justice for the victims. “I am calling on the Commissioner of Police in Kaduna, CP Muri Umar, to help us get to the bottom of this. “I know Police have a way of investigating this kind of incident. This is important because the perpetrators of these two sad occurrences are on the rampage and must not allow them to do the third one,” she said. Police spokesman for the Command, ASP Muhammed Jalige, who confirmed the development, however, said it was early to attribute the cause of her death to defilement, adding that Police had already gone to a Magistrate Court to sign a coroner form which would enable the hospital to carry out series of examination on the remains of the girl. “The Police is trying to get a form called coroner form signed by a Magistrate Court. This is a form that will enable the hospital to examine the girl. After the examination, the hospital can then release the corpse to the parents for burial,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youths, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE