PRESIDENT of the Paediatric Association of Nigeria (PAN), Professor Edward Alikor, has disclosed that an estimated  162,000 children below the age of five, die annually in the country as a result of pneumonia. He made this assertion during the celebration of World Pneumonia Day held in Kaduna, on Thursday. Represented by the president-elect, Professor Olufemi Ogunrinde, Alikor said Nigeria was one of the countries that produced the largest number of children dying before their fifth birthday. According to him, pneumonia was an infection and inflammation disease which had become the greatest killer of children in the country. According to the president, with the coming of the COVID-19, the number might increase since victims of pneumonia might be prone to the virus’ attack. He said there was an urgent need to recognise pneumonia as one of the deadly diseases now living with us, as the last survey conducted by Demographic and Health Survey in 2018, did not list pneumonia. “We are saying the next survey should look critically at the situation,” he said. Earlier, Kaduna State Commissioner for health, Dr Amina Baloni, said pneumonia accounted for 13 per cent of deaths of children in the state. However, she observed that the celebration of the World Pneumonia Day helped to bring this kind of information to the front burner and promote actions that could swiftly bring the situation under control. She stated that the state government had since embarked on immunisation to tackle the three diseases confronting children – diarrhoea, malaria and pneumonia, saying already, 1,000 communities had been earmarked for the exercise.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: Fresh Crisis Looms As Youths Threaten To Commence Fresh Protests In Lagos, Abuja Tomorrow Nigerian youths appear to be bracing up for a showdown with the Federal Government as they have vowed to return to the streets for what they described as the second wave of the #EndSARS protest, warning that no amount of intimidation from the government or security agencies would stop their demonstration… Buhari’s Painful Hobson’s Choice Of An Open Society Social media is a bitch. A huge bitch for that matter. If you put yourself in the shoes of the Nigerian state and its officials, the social media cannot but be a cusp of frustration and irritation. Two youth revolts in Nigeria, separated by 42 years in time, make this frustration very unbearable an experience. They reveal the spatial difference in weaponry of youth revolt and the lacerating irritancy of the social media to the rulers of Nigeria… Trump: This Election Is Far From Over United States President Donald Trump said on Saturday his campaign would begin challenging US election results in court week after media outlets called the race for Democrat Joe Biden, saying “this election is far from over.” “We all know why Joe Biden is rushing to falsely pose as the winner, and why his media allies are trying so hard… Anti-Social Media Bill: Fear Of The People? The abrupt degeneration of the #EndSARS protest into a cycle of bloody violence, vicious destruction of properties and looting of both public and private properties worth billions of naira across the country has given rise to series of controversies and heated debates, both online and… Outrage As IGP Directs Policemen To Use Force On Protesters Searing criticism and outright condemnation have trailed Saturday’s directive by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, to policemen to use ‘all legitimate force’ against ‘riotous protesters’ in the country. Adamu also ordered the deployment of ‘legitimate force’ to protect lives and properties of citizens… Who Is Afraid Of The Social Media? Nigerians, like nationals of other countries, have continued to enjoy the benefits that the social media offer since the advent of such platforms like Facebook, Youtube, Myspace, Twitter, WhatsApp, LinkedIn, Instagram, among others, especially as it was discovered that these platforms make news dissemination easier and faster… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.