Two Nigerians who came in from Sao Paulo, Brazil have been arrested by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Lagos State for being in possession of 10.40kgs and 6.25kgs of cocaine. The two suspected traffickers, Okwubunne Chidiebere Simeon and Aniakor Uchenna James who were arrested October 28, 2020 were reported to have concealed the drugs in a spectacular way to beat the eagle eyes of the officials of the NDLEA. According to a statement issued by the NDLEA Commander at the airport, Garba Ahmadu, the cocaine method of concealment was done in eight children duvet which contain seven absorbent towels soaked with cocaine. Also recovered were tin cans labelled ‘Schramn’ but stuffed with cocaine. His words: “If this quantum of drugs had penetrated into the society, we can only imagine the multiplier effect of crime rate in the state.” Equally, in the third quarter of this year from July to September, the NDLEA commander said 12 suspected drug traffickers were arrested which including seven males and five females and a total of 15.800kgs drugs seized, namely, cannabis sativa, cocaine and methamphetamine. “The involvement of people in drugs stand condemnable considering the fact that drug intake is a catalyst that fuels crime. “I want to call on well-meaning Nigerians to collaborate with us by exposing drugs barons. All information shared with us will always be treated with the utmost confidentiality. The Command will remain focused in the drug war by intensifying efforts and exposing whatever modes of concealment used by the drug peddlers.” Garba also called on all stakeholders particularly the sister security agencies and the general public to identify with them in the drug war to pave the way for a drug-free, crime-free and a healthy community. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.