In today’s net-savvy scenario, digital marketing is a necessity for all the businesses out there. And as digital marketing becomes an integral part of business, your company will need to stay on top of the game with the latest trends. Most likely, you are already making fair use of content marketing. But are you leveraging the power of video marketing? No? Then, consider the following video usage statistics, start including videos in your digital marketing strategy immediately. Beyond these stats, the benefits of videos are enormous and endless and it’s better to be 3 minutes soon than being a minute late. Take a step ahead and read this out and leverage the power of video marketing for your business. Below are seven more examples that will give you enough reasons to include videos in your digital marketing strategy. If your goal is to rank high on Google search result pages, utilize the power of videos. It will help turn your goal into a reality. Making Google notice your website and increase its ranking is a big deal for every business. But a video can help you do it quickly. How? Google has already shown that it favors websites that embed videos, particularly those who use YouTube, owned by Google. So, if you include a video in your digital marketing strategy, achieving a higher ranking on Google search results will no longer be a massive deal for you. Videos leading to increased conversions is not just a hypothesis; it is backed up by several facts. Imagine how a video can increase your conversion rate, and you will realize why video is receiving immense popularity worldwide. As said above, Google favors video; hence, it greatly rewards websites that have high-quality videos. Since Google’s algorithms prioritize pages with videos, it is indispensable for businesses to include videos in their digital marketing strategies. Also, videos help SEO as it is responsive on nearly all sized screens or devices. As a result, you can reach a wider audience through videos. To gain the maximum advantages of your video SEO effort, be sure to:  Videos are more likely to catch and keep viewers’ attention than text or image-based content. Why? Because videos combine both visual and auditory senses. In other words, videos include two elements together that catch people’s attention: sound and movement. Studies say people tend to retain better a message gained from a video than text-based content. Also, ordinary people remember 95% of a message when it is watched, and only 10% of a message is read. So, it will indeed be a wise idea to include a video in your digital marketing strategy.  Videos have a 1200% higher feasibility to get shared across the various social channels than image and text content combined. If you can create a high-quality video that is engaging, amusing, entertaining, and heart-warming, it is most likely to gain more engagements and get shared by your audiences. Also, they can potentially go viral within a wider audience.. So, here the trick is to come up with the idea that may appeal to your audience and add value to their day-to-day life.  In this fast-paced phenomenon, we rarely get time to read the entire story about a particular topic, product, or event. Even if we may enjoy reading, time restrains us from doing so. Video is an effective way to provide all of these points. For people on-the-go, consuming content through video seems to be very quick and convenient. If you want to demonstrate how a product works, instead of writing a set of instructions, creating a how-to video can be a good idea to show your audiences how effectively it works.  If the video had not been incredible, it would not have prevailed everywhere from YouTube to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, and the list goes on. Everyone enjoys a good quality video. Whether it aims to entertain or market a newly launched product, videos communicate your message better than any other content format ever can. People love interacting through videos; they keep consuming it as it provides information and is exciting too.  Conclusion: A growing number of digital marketing companies leverage the powers of proficient video making platforms like InVideo to create high-quality videos. Why not you? Time is rapidly changing, and your audience wants more video. Don’t get your digital marketing strategy deprived of the power of video content.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: Fresh Crisis Looms As Youths Threaten To Commence Fresh Protests In Lagos, Abuja Tomorrow
Nigerian youths appear to be bracing up for a showdown with the Federal Government as they have vowed to return to the streets for what they described as the second wave of the #EndSARS protest, warning that no amount of intimidation from the government or security agencies would stop their demonstration… Buhari’s Painful Hobson’s Choice Of An Open Society
Social media is a bitch. A huge bitch for that matter. If you put yourself in the shoes of the Nigerian state and its officials, the social media cannot but be a cusp of frustration and irritation. Two youth revolts in Nigeria, separated by 42 years in time, make this frustration very unbearable an experience. They reveal the spatial difference in weaponry of youth revolt and the lacerating irritancy of the social media to the rulers of Nigeria… Trump: This Election Is Far From Over
United States President Donald Trump said on Saturday his campaign would begin challenging US election results in court week after media outlets called the race for Democrat Joe Biden, saying “this election is far from over.” “We all know why Joe Biden is rushing to falsely pose as the winner, and why his media allies are trying so hard… Anti-Social Media Bill: Fear Of The People?
The abrupt degeneration of the #EndSARS protest into a cycle of bloody violence, vicious destruction of properties and looting of both public and private properties worth billions of naira across the country has given rise to series of controversies and heated debates, both online and… Outrage As IGP Directs Policemen To Use Force On Protesters
Searing criticism and outright condemnation have trailed Saturday’s directive by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, to policemen to use ‘all legitimate force’ against ‘riotous protesters’ in the country. Adamu also ordered the deployment of ‘legitimate force’ to protect lives and properties of citizens… Who Is Afraid Of The Social Media?
Nigerians, like nationals of other countries, have continued to enjoy the benefits that the social media offer since the advent of such platforms like Facebook, Youtube, Myspace, Twitter, WhatsApp, LinkedIn, Instagram, among others, especially as it was discovered that these platforms make news dissemination easier and faster…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.