The Victims Support Fund (VSF) Task Force committee on COVID-19 under the chairmanship of General TY Danjuma retired has distributed foods and personal protective equipment  (PPE) worth over N107.9million as part of palliative measure in Zamfara State. Presenting the items to Governor Bello Mohammed Mattawale, on Monday, in Gusau, the chairperson of the VSF, Mrs Toyesi Akerele Ogunsuji, said the committee has already commenced the third face of distribution of palliatives in the North-West and North-Central. Mrs Akerele disclosed that the food items are to be distributed to internally displaced person and the most vulnerable communities. According to the chairperson,the VSF Task Force committee was inaugurated to provide palliative measure as well as institutional support to government agencies supporting the national efforts to fight covid 19. “The VSF Task Force on COVID-19 commenced the third phase of distribution of food and personal protective equipment to internally displaced person as well as most vulnerable communities in the FCT Abuja and seven other states in the North-West and North Central.” Part of the palliatives distributed in the state includes; rice, beans, maize, vegetable oil, salt and personal protective equipment to household and direct beneficiaries, worth N107.9 million in the state. The chairperson maintained that the task force committee work closely with state and federal government agencies in the fight against COVID-19. ALSO READ: Equities market sustains bargain hunting opens at +0.45 per cent “The task force is working closely with federal and state government agencies involved in the fight against COVID-19 pandemic through collaboration with the national commission for refugees migrants and Internally Displaced Persons to target IDP’s and refugees with hygiene kits, children blankets and food items.” Mrs Akerele assured VSF commitment to provide relief to victims of insurgency and armed conflict in Nigeria especially in the core areas of livelihood. “The total cost of the third phase COVID-19 intervention is N1 billion. Speaking while receiving the palliatives from the VSF Task Force, Governor Bello Mohammed Mattawale who was represented by the speaker state house of assembly Rt, Honourable Nasiru Muazu Magarya commended the VSF for the support. He assured of judicious distribution of the items to those mentioned beneficiaries across the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE     COVID-19 palliatives: TY Danjuma committee distributes N107.9m foods, PPE in Zamfara SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now