Again, armed bandits attacked Maiginginya village in Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State around 3 am and killed two persons, Nasiru Yahaya and Isah Bature. While two other persons, Magaji Goma and Zurkhalaini Alhassan, were injured. The latest attack was coming less than 48 hours when the bandits stormed Sabon Birni village and they were repelled by troops. This was contained in a statement issued by the Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, on Tuesday, while giving an update on the security situation in the state. He said the Kaduna State Government has been informed that troops of the Operation Thunder Strike (OPTS), on Monday night, successfully repelled armed bandits on the Kaduna-Abuja Road. “The armed bandits appeared along the pipeline axis of Kakau general area in an attempt to strike, when troops engaged and repelled them with superior firepower. “Many of the bandits escaped into the forest with gunshot wounds, having been denied freedom of action. “When troops cleared the road for traffic, it was discovered that a driver was hit by the bandits who were fleeing the location. ALSO READ: APC chairmanship: Forum endorses former Zamfara governor, Yari “Also, two buses ran into a ditch resulting in injuries to some passengers, who were rushed to the hospital by the security operatives. “The government was also briefed that the armed bandits, in frustration at being denied freedom of action, attacked Maiginginya village in Igabi local government area at around 3 am and killed two persons and also injured two others. “Similarly, the government was briefed that security agencies foiled a bandit attack in the early hours of today along Zaria-Funtua Road in Giwa local government. “Two citizens were rescued and rushed to Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital, Shika. Operatives are still carrying out aggressive patrols in the general area. ‘ The government sent its condolences to the families of the deceased, and prayed for the repose of their souls while wishing the injured speedy recovery. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai praised the troops for the bravery and courage exhibited in repelling the bandits. “The Kaduna State Government is in constant touch with the Federal Government, Military, Police, Department of State Services and relevant security agencies towards enhancing the security of life and property. “The Government will continue to keep citizens informed on the security situation in the state.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Again, bandits kill two persons in Kaduna as troops foil attempt to attack Abuja/Kaduna highway SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.