The House of Representatives Committee on Science and Technology on Monday picked holes in the 2021 budget appropriation bill presented to the National Assembly by President Muhammadu Buhari, saying that the budget was incapable of lifting Nigeria from the current economic recession. A member of the committee, Hon. Awaji-Inombek Abiante from Rivers State who spoke during a budget defence of the Ministry of Science and Technology in Abuja pointed out that the documents had allocation flaws that should be corrected before the final passage. This addressed followed the absence of the Minister of Finance, Zainab Ahmed and the Director-General (DG), Budget Office, Ben Akabueze who ignored the committee’s invitation to explain why capital projects in 2020 budget of many agencies of government in the Ministry of Science and Technology and others were not getting adequate funding. The committee had contended that trivial activities got 100% funding while capital projects that were people-orientated suffered more. Both the Minister and the DG budget office who were expected to appear before the committee to shed some lights on the budget, however, sent representatives which the lawmakers considered as an affront. Speaking at the session, Hon Abiante said: “It won’t be very appropriate for their own views not to be reflected. For having this opportunity, I want it on record that it probably could have been an intended absence to avoid scrutiny of what had been presented. Having looked at the budget of some agencies that we supervised as the committee on science and technology as well as some other agencies supervised by some other committees, I want to honestly say that the budget office is one of the greatest problems we have in this country. “What we have before us is no budget. We have looked at it. And if we continue like this, then we know where the problem of this country lies. Somebody may have been misinforming or even ill-advising Mr President. I give you an instance, the parastatal before us was requesting for about one billion naira to have laboratory established and all they could get in 2020 budget was N20m out of a billion Naira for something that will turn around the economy of the country. “Something that will help to stop the importation of adhesives that are used in the leather industry. Who is causing us this problem? The Budget Office. So, how many years will it take to budget N20m each to arrive at the completion of a project of N1b that will be of a great importance to this country? The list is endless. You find a project that is supposed to cost N100m, the budget office will allocate N100.000? “The budget office is the greatest problem. If the DG was here, I would have said more. People are looking for SARS. I think they are misdirecting it. You will allocate 100% to training as capital project. Conference 100% but the things that will turn around the economy of the country, you give 1%. “And they have avoided this interface. If another opportunity presents itself, well and good. If it doesn’t, let the House know that what is before us is not a budget, not even to talk of a budget that can help this country in this time of recession. It is not a budget. Convey to the leadership of this House that we don’t have a budget. The entire document should be sent back.” Also speaking, Hon. Stanley Olajide from Oyo State appealed to his colleagues to give the officials a second chance. According to him, “I heard what my colleague said. I am going toe a different line because we hold a duty of care and fair hearing. I will tell the representatives of the ministry and the DG, this is a serious issue to address all the issues of Nigeria. “I will not take a hardline because I think we want to hear from the DG and the minister directly. But there are a lot of questions to be answered. Please, I think we should go ahead and write a second letter and then from that point, madam chair, I think you know, we can start toeing the hardline. But then, the issue of Nigeria rests on the questions that we have.” On his own part, Prof. Julius Ihonvbere, another member of the committee said the committee had questions to ask both the minister and the DG budget on the budget. He said: “We have questions. We have issues that will benefit this Committee and other Committees. For instance, how does an agency of government get 9% funding in terms of release for capital and there are others that have received 100% in Nigeria? We believe that there should be ways in allocating responsibilities to leaders of MDAs so that they can respond to burning issues. Some of these issues are time-bound. And we hope when they have an another opportunity, they will handle it better.” In her remarks before giving her ruling, the Chairman of the committee, Hon. Beni Lar said existing projects should be finished before embarking on new ones. According to her, “I think the main point here is that we want to complete projects that have been started. Some key projects in the science and technology allocated some ridiculous amount of money. Not even enough to buy papers. We should have a system that will help them to finish the existing projects before starting new ones.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.