Former Governor of Ekiti State, Mr Ayodele’s Fayose has said he won’t join political enemies of the former Lagos State Governor , Bola Tinubu to shoot him down politically, describing him as one of the greatest builders of men in Yoruba land and Nigeria at large. Fayose clarified that though he was not holding brief for Tinubu, who is the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, but added that people should learn how to appreciate those who had done creditably well for people and society despite political differences. On his seeming frosty relationship with Oyo State Governor, Engr Seyi Makinde and Senator representing Ekiti South, Biodun Olujimi, Fayose stated that there was no leadership tussle among the trio, saying whatever happens were not personal and would be resolved in the interest of the People’s Democratic Party(PDP). Fayose who spoke with newsmen at his Afao-Ekiti country home at the weekend said said, “I am not championing the course of Tinubu, I am not in the position to do that, but there is no denying the fact that Tinubu is a prominent Yoruba leader, whether in APC or in PDP. There is no gainsaying about that fact. Fayose is a prominent son of Yoruba nation. Governors Nyesom Wike , Ifeanyi Okowa, Okezie Ikpeazu, are prominent sons of southern Nigeria. “What am I trying to say is that, we can’t hid their identities and goodwill for political reasons. We can’t deny their contributions. Other leaders from the North like Ahmadu Bello Sardauna, they made different impacts not necessarily like Awolowo. So I stand here to say that Tinubu has paid his dues. I have paid my dues, Okowa has paid his dues, Wike has paid his dues, we need to acknowledge them. “The late Balarabe Musa, who was a leader of note and repute, cannot be forgotten in history. For me, Tinubu has paid his dues, I stand by that. I have not seen Tinubu after the Ekiti election by any means, we haven’t even met at a function or saw him passed. “President Muhammadu Buhari condoled with me on the death of my sister , does it mean we are on the same page politically? No. I will not sit down in any corner to shoot down Tinubu. I am not a member of APC and I will never be. But I supported Governor Fayemi to be governor by Tinubu’s influence at a time.If this politics is not playable again, I will go back to my house and be husband to my wife and father to my children. I won’t jump ship.” Fayose, who spoke on the recent defection of the Ebonyi State Governor to the APC, said he would never jump ship like those politicians that were bereft of political ideology, describing those indulging in such act as “political robbers.” While noting that in spite of the multifaceted crises in the PDP, he added that, “if we are fighting in PDP, let us fight it inside PDP. People who have been jumping ship are armed robbers. They are being driven by greed and inordinate ambition. “These are indications of the type of leaders we have in our country who are without ideology. They go for only what they feel would benefit them. “Our politics is sick. Everything in Nigeria is currently sick and is a function of the leadership that we have. Governor Umahi’s joining APC after benefiting several positions in PDP was unprincipled. We do not accept the excuses given by the governor. “I am not satisfied with some things in PDP, but leaving the party does not equally solve the problems.” He assured that all the raging crisis between him and other leaders of the party in Ekiti and the region will soon be resolved in the interest of the PDP. “There is nothing to worry about. If Governor Makinde and I have issues, Nigerians should not worry themselves about that, it is not personal and moreso, there is no power in the region. There is no regional government. Every power lies in the state. Structures in Ekiti, are different from structures in Oyo, structures in Oyo are different from structures in Lagos. “I was the one who went to flag off Governor Makinde campaign in Ogbomoso. Whether he is backing Senator Olujimi or not, the fact remains that the struggle for the control of party’s structures in Ekiti has come and gone, so why do we have to fight over spilled milk? “We won the congresses, but they are in court, if the court says it’s Olujimi that is right, we would follow her and if the court says she has no case, they should join us so that we can move the party forward. Let us pursue our interest legitimately in the manners that will create peace in the region,” Fayose said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Tinubu has paid his dues  Tinubu has paid his dues #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Tinubu has paid his dues  Tinubu has paid his dues Tinubu has paid his dues NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.