The Ogun State Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker, on Friday, disclosed that 105 persons tested positive to Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), in 6 months, despite the coronavirus pandemic. Coker, who spoke through the Permanent Secretary, Hospitals Management Board, Dr Nofiu Aigoro, at a press conference to mark the 2020 World AIDS Day with the theme: United To End AIDS in the midst of COVID-19, at the Governor’s Office, Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta. The Commissioner explained that about 20,827 persons are currently receiving Anti- Retroviral Therapy (ART) at health facilities providing HIV Testing Services in the state. Dr Coker said the state has the highest HIV prevalence rate of 1.6 per cent according to (NAIIS 2018) which was far above the national prevalence of 1.4 per cent. She added that with the prevalence rate the state has the highest cases of HIV in the South West. Coker added that People Living With HIV (PLHIVs) are at increased risk of contracting and experiencing complications related to COVID-19. “The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is far-reaching, with devastating effects on individuals, communities, and societies across the world. People with chronic health conditions may be at greater risk of contracting or experiencing complications from COVID-19,” she noted. The State Director of OGSACA, Dr Kehinde Fatungase, that health care workers provided essential services for PLHIVs during the lockdown in the state. Fatungase disclosed that the state would launch self-testing kits on December 1st, as part of measure to contain the spread of the virus. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…105 tested positive  105 tested positive #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…105 tested positive  105 tested positive NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.