Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has charged youths in the state to take the loan advantage in the Bank of Industry to venture into business. The governor gave the advice while declaring open the Youth Summit at Aper Aku Stadium, Makurdi, on Wednesday. He explained that while some parts of the country have had doors of opportunity in the area of entertainment, economy, media and health, Benue, according to the governor has a comparative advantage in agriculture. The governor explained that his administration had continued to support farmers through subsidized fertilizers and farm tractors. He also added that his administration had also gone into partnership with Bank of Industry for farmers to have access to loan and encouraged youths to venture into agriculture through the loan available at the Bank of Industry, adding that such loans only attracts five per cent interest rate. According to him, “For us in Benue State, we have a comparative advantage in agriculture. That is why our administration is making deliberate efforts to support our farmers through subsidy on fertilizer and farm machinery such as tractors. “Let me inform you my dear Benue youths that the partnership this administration has with Bank of Industry is still running. I, therefore, encourage you to access the loans at only five per cent interest rate to start your businesses through the agriculture-value chain -production, through processing and marketing.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… Ortom charges youths to access N2 billion Bank of Industry loan We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Ortom charges youths to access N2 billion Bank of Industry loan SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.