Katsina State government plans to spend the sum of N282,787 billion in the 2021 fiscal year. Governor Aminu Bello who presented the budget to the state assembly said 70 per cent will service the recurrent and 30 per cent is for capital expenditures. The budget which the government tagged ” Budget of Recovery and Consolidation”, Masari said is meant to complete on-going projects and also initiate new ones. The economic sector was given priority with the sum of N135.9 billion. N104.1 billion for social sector and N38.030 billion for administration while N4.6 billion was allocated to law and order. Further highlights, the Governor added that the sum of N19.2 billing was allocated to the education sector, N26.9billion health sector, N22.9 billion water resources, N20.9 billion agriculture, N43.8 billion works and N24.1 billion for the environment. Recalling its performance in 2020, Masari said despite the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, the government was able to continue providing social services to the people of the state. The governor pledges to the citizens that very soon the grassroots security arrangements initiated by his administration will take off to improve security across the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday.Katsina govt budgets N282.8bn Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.Katsina govt budgets N282.8bn Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving.Katsina govt budgets N282.8bn NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.