Edo State University, Iyamho, near Auchi, Edo State recorded four first-class graduates, 21-second class (upper division), 23 second class (lower division) and three third class division during the recent convocation ceremony of the institution. The vice-chancellor, Prof. Emmanuel Aluyor who spoke weekend at the second graduation ceremony of the school assured of the management commitment to sustain the vision of the founding fathers in providing quality education of world-class standard to the students of the institution. He reeled out some of the university’s achievements to include the acquisition of low and high fidelity manikins (Simman 3g) which enable the simulation of different kinds of scenarios for the training of medical & nursing students as well as an admittance of d university into the consortium of new sub-Saharan medical schools (CONSAMS). The vice-chancellor charged the 51 graduands of the institution to be good ambassadors of the university wherever they find themselves in life. ALSO READ: World Orphan Day: Wife of Delta gov distributes food items to 48 orphanages Represented by the Commissioner for Education, Mr Jimoh ijegbai, Edo state governor, Godwin Obaseki pledged the government continued support to the university so as to achieve its laudable objective. The chancellor, Dr Aderemi Makanjuola described the university as a digital institution and pride to Edo state and the country in general. While commending Governor Godwin Obaseki for supporting the institution, Makanjuola showered encomiums on the authorities for their innovative abilities in raising university to an enviable height. The overall best graduating student, Mr Daniel Onyedikachi Otti from the department of computer science was offered automatic employment by Caverton Helicopters. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE