A Chief Magistrate Court in Yaba on Monday granted bail to one Ben Emmanuel, in the sum of 500,000 naira for allegedly assaulting a LASTMA officer. The Public Affairs of the Lagos State Ministry of Justice, Kayode Oyekanmi made this known in a statement issued to newsmen in Lagos. Tribune Online recalled that the suspect in the company of some persons who are now at large was alleged to have assaulted and inflicted injuries on an officer of the traffic management agency, one Ismaila Lukman, while carrying out his assigned official duty on Sunday 8th November 2020 at Jakande Junction area in Lekki. The Lagos State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo SAN, the Director of Public Prosecutions had on 10th November 2020, arraigned the suspect before Yaba, Chief Magistrate Court on a two-count charge of grievous bodily harm under Section 245 and resisting a public officer while engaged in the discharge of his lawful duties under Section 117 (1). Granting conditions for his bail, the suspect must provide two bail sureties. The case was adjourned till 26th November 2020 for a trial to commence. Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo SAN has sounded a note of warning to recalcitrant members of the public to stop harassment of officials of the State Government carrying out their lawful duties. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. LASTMA officer SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.