The Big Brother Naija Season 5 winner, Lekan Agbeleshe aka Laycon, is set to star in Showmax’s first-ever Nigerian Original, I Am LAYCON, premiering in February 2021. Coming from humble beginnings, the 26-year-old musician and philosophy graduate had to hustle his way through life before landing a spot in Biggie’s house, where he warmed his way into the hearts of fans across the continent with his wit and lyrical genius. Laycon beat 19 other housemates on 27 September 2020 to emerge winner of BBNaija S5, winning 85 million Naira worth of cash prizes. Following his BBNaija triumph, Laycon already has 2.4m followers on Instagram and growing. He is now working on his first album. Fans of BBNaija and lovers of exciting reality TV are invited to follow Laycon on his journey after BBNaija, as he settles into life as a star with his own reality TV show, while juggling his personal relationships and growing music career in one of Africa’s biggest cities, Lagos. Will he achieve his ambition to blow? Speaking about the Showmax Original, Laycon expressed his excitement about the show, saying, “I am excited to continue my new life journey and embrace the new responsibilities of evolving not just myself but everyone around me. I want you to come along for the ride as you get to see the growth that you have supported and loved.” Last week, Laycon continued with his winning streak after landing a brand ambassadorship deal with GOtv. He’s also set to drop the video of his hit single ‘HipHop’, this week. I Am LAYCON is the first Showmax Original shot in Nigeria. “Showmax is committed to supporting homegrown talent in Nigeria,” says Yolisa Phahle, CEO of MultiChoice’s Connected Video. “Laycon is a hugely inspirational figure and the perfect choice to kickstart our original content here. Fans across Africa tuned into to see what it takes to win Big Brother Naija, so we’re excited to take those fans along with Laycon on this journey as he adjusts to fame and life outside the house.” I Am LAYCON is set to premiere exclusively on Showmax in February 2021. Among others, upcoming Showmax Originals include Jahmil X.T. Qubeka’s ancient Africa series Blood Psalms, a co-production with Canal+ International, and Uthando Lodumo, a reality series about South Africa’s Gqom queen Babes Wodumo and her fiancé, Mampintsha, all expected in 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.