President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with family and friends of veteran journalist and sports administrator, Bisi Lawrence, who he observed, left an indelible mark on Nigeria’s media practice, inspiring many to take up the profession and coaching them to reach the pinnacle of their career. According to a statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Friday, the President joined the Nigerian Union of Journalists, Guild of Editors and Sports Writers Association in mourning the renowned columnist and sports enthusiast, who served as Vice Chairman of Nigeria Football Association (NFA) and chaired the media committee for Nigeria ’99 FIFA U-20 World Cup, with outstanding results. ALSO READ: Clean energy innovation could drive President-elect Biden’s energy policy, says expert The statement said President Buhari believes the frontline journalist, more popularly known as Uncle Biz Law, used his talent in writing, organising and mentoring to serve the country meritoriously, and his legacy of setting new standards with every responsibility will always be remembered. He prayed that the Almighty God will grant his soul eternal rest, and comfort all his loved ones. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday. Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19. Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.