The Federal government on Thursday said CNN should be sanctioned over its report on the October 20 shooting incident at the Lekki Toll Plaza. Addressing the press at the fortified Army Resource Center, Mambilla Barracks, Abuja, Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lau Mohammed described the report that the military shot at peaceful protesters as jaundiced. He compared the report, which he said was compiled by those who were not present at the venue with that of BBC, which claimed that soldiers only shot in the air. Details soon… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Lekki shootings FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Lekki shootings Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. Lekki shootings Unknown gunmen kill former ATBU Director of works, ran away with his Honda Accord car Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the murder of Engineer Hassan Sabo Jama’are, Former Director of Works, ATBU, Bauchi by unknown gunmen barely 24 hours after two people were killed in the same manner. Command PPRO, DSP Ahmed Wakili in a telephone conversation with our correspondent said that the late Hassan Sabo Jama’are was attacked and murdered by his assailants at about 10 pm on Sunday as he was about to enter his house at Tudun Salmanu. Lekki shootings SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.