Towards providing families the opportunity to secure the education of their children or wards, FBNQuest is offering a Children Education Trust for children through a convenient and flexible plan. FBNQuest offers is a dependable plan for saving for post-primary and secondary education of loved ones, in order to cushion the current economic realities that have placed tremendous pressure on many families. Managing Director of FBNQuest Trustees,  Adekunle Awojobi, speaking on the development, said,   “In spite of the recent economic slowdown, most parents will agree that the importance of education is non-negotiable. “We are here to assist parents with designing a trust plan that will support the plans for their children or wards, while they are still here and after,” saying the Children Education Trust from FBNQuest  would support  a long-term investment plan with additional benefit of an estate planning solution that excluded probate, unlike other education products. According  to Awojobi,  the service is flexible and personalised, offering freedom that would enable the settlor to pause or reduce contribution, or to transfer the benefits of the trust arrangement to  another beneficiary. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.