The Speaker of the House of Representative, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila, on Tuesday, reiterated the resolve of the House to pass the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) within the next six months. Speaking when he played host to a delegation of the Oil Producers Trade Section (OPTS) under the Lagos State Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Hon Gbajabiamila said the House would ensure that it passes a PIB that would be satisfactory to all. “On the PIB, there are two things that the House would want to do. First, the House is determined to pass the bill within the next six months, or probably less, because the clock has already started running from the time it was presented. “Two, the House is determined to pass a PIB that is satisfactory to all. I know it’s difficult to satisfy everybody, but we will try our best to satisfy everybody,” he said. The Speaker who assured that the House will carry all the stakeholders along in working on the draft legislation until its passage, urged members of the OPTS led by its Chairman, Mr Mike Sangster, to avail themselves the opportunity they have at hand to reach out to the House Ad-hoc Committee on PIB to make their inputs. He expressed concern over the submission by Mr Sangster that the PIB in its present form would not make the Nigerian oil and gas industry competitive globally. “The PIB has been long coming, because of the various interests. It’s difficult to pass a bill that addresses the interests of everyone. But the PIB luckily will involve local content. ALSO READ: NPC expresses worry over increase in child mortality in Nigeria “I’m very concerned about what you said that the PIB as it is doesn’t allow Nigeria to compete favourably in the global market,” noting that “We’re not competitive, yet there’s the presence of oil majors here. “We need to look at it, but I think it will be difficult to tell members that we should go back to the old arrangement that we had. “I need to ask the question that where were you when they were making this law? Your inputs should have been there. It’s never too late for you to have your inputs. I’m sure the committee will do justice to the other issues you raised.” Speaking earlier, Mr Sangster raised concerns about the present form of the PIB, which he said if passed the way it is, it would negatively affect Nigeria’s competitiveness in the global market. He noted that in the past years, the African continent attracted about $70 billion of investment in the oil and gas industry but that only about $3 billion came to Nigeria despite being a major player continentally. When the Speaker sought to know from Mr Sangster if the PIB had any positives, the OPTS chairman responded in the affirmative, noting that the PIB represented the much-needed reforms in the sector. He noted, however, that in its present form, the Bill “doesn’t provide the environment for future investments.” He raised other issues to include the preservation of the oil and gas business in the country, royalties, tax, how to handle NNPC’s outstanding liabilities, segregation of the upstream and downstream, complexities in the implementation of the bill, among others. Noting that the petroleum industry had the capacity to create thousands of jobs in the next 10 years, Mr Sangster said: “We would encourage the House to reach out to other sources to have a better analysis of the PIB.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Reps determined to pass PIB in six months ― Gbajabiamila SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.