The Nigeria Police Committee of inquiry on the level of damage on police facilities and casualties during the EndSARS protests has visited a police officer, Patrick Okwuone, who was allegedly shot on the leg by some hoodlums during the protest at Ughelli, Delta State. Chairman of the committee, CP Abutu Yaro, led other members of the committee to Uweifo Orthopaedic and Nursing Home, Ewuru in Ika South Local Government Area where he assured the injured officer that the Police would never turn its back on him and others in times of challenges. “We are very sorry for your condition. Be rest assured that we will not abandon you and your family. We will stand by you in this ordeal.” Mr Yaro also commiserated with the family of the wounded officer who was said to have lost his 84 years old father who was alleged to have died of shock after hearing the news that his son was attacked and shot by hoodlums. He said that the committee embarked on the visits on the instruction of the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr Adamu Mohammed to assess the level of damage on police facilities and casualties in 17 states during the EndSARS protest. According to him, the leadership of the Nigerian Police took the welfare of every police officer seriously. The Chairman also lead his team to assess the damage done at the Motor Traffic Division (MTD) Agbor-Obi, Ika South Local Government Area and The Ugbaja Police Out-Post in Ika North East Local Government Area. They were also at the graveside of late DIG, Donald Michael Ugbaja to pay their respect. ALSO READ: Hoodlums attack Shell gas pipeline in Bayelsa Meanwhile, the committee members also paid a fact-finding visit to the family of late Cpl Stanley Etaga who was killed by protesting youths at Otovwodo Junction, Ughelli while on duty with his team on October 8, 2020. Speaking, CP Yaro conveyed the heartfelt condolences of the IGP to the family of late Cpl Etaga who was killed by hoodlums at Otovwodo Junction, Ughelli while on duty with his team. According to him, the purpose of the visit was to ascertain the level of wanton destruction on police formation across the country, the number of dead and injured police officers and come up with a report for the IGP to take to appropriate quarters for attention. Late Stanley Etaga is survived by four children Ejetavwo 17, Sonia 13, Genesis 9, and Testimony 4 and family members. A member of the family, Pastor Edewor Egedegbe, who is also an aide to the Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, thanked the IGP for the gesture by sending a high-powered delegation from Abuja, to condole with the family. He lauded the team for its painstaking efforts in going round the country to ascertain the level of destructions by hoodlums whom he said hijacked the EndSARS protests. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.