A kidnapper, Anas Sa’idu, has pleaded that he should be sentenced to death by hanging for abducting, killing and burying his victim, one Tijjani Sa’idu. Anas, a 22-year-old, kidnapped his victim, Tijjani (16-year-old) on 9th January, 2020 in Hayin Gwarmai Village, Kwanar Yar Gora in Bebeji Local Government Area of Kano State and demanded for a ransom of N1.3 million and top up airtime of N20,000 from the victim’s parents. He said he killed the victim because he was constrained with where to keep the victim, hence his decision to take the victim to a farmland in the village where he strangulated and buried him. Anas led the police detectives and medical team to exhume the dead body for examination and later burial. Speaking at the scene of exhuming the body, Anas said, “I have never carried out this kind of heinous act. My appeal to the state government and court is to sentence me to death by hanging in the public.” He then begged the father of the deceased, “My appeal is for him to forgive me. We lived in the same area with the deceased. “I demanded for the sum of N1.3 million ransom but was not paid a dime.” The Kano State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Abdullahi Haruna said the command received a report from the father of the deceased, Alhaji Kabiru and immediately swung into action leading to his arrest. ALSO READ: NUC directs University of Ibadan Governing Council to appoint acting VC, asks outgoing VC to hand over by November 30 He said, “Upon receiving of the report, the Commissioner of Police, CP Habu Sani deployed the Operation Puff Adder to arrest the culprit. After two weeks, the suspect was arrested.” According to Haruna, the suspect “confessed to have committed the crime. And that because he has no place to keep the victim, he decided to take him to farmland in Hayin Gwarmai village, Kwanar Yar Gora in Bebeji Local Government Area of Kano State where he strangulated him, used his hoe to dig a shallow grave and buried him. “So he (Anas) led us, the detective team and medical team to exhume the dead body which will be taken to the hospital for examination and later burial rite.” However, DSP Haruna however said that upon completion of investigation the suspect will be charged to court. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.