Following the unruly behaviour of some youths in Ute Okpu in Ika North-East of Delta State who believed that yellow fever in the area had to do with their deity, a dusk to dawn curfew has been imposed by the local government authority. Over 30 young persons had earlier died in Ute Okpu, Erunu and Idumusah communities as a result of the disease. Report from the area indicated that the youths had damaged properties and threatened the life of their king, chiefs and traditional institution, owing to their fetish belief on the strange disease which was later diagnosed to be yellow fever. Declaring the curfew at Owa Oyibu, the council headquarters, on Monday, Chairman of the Local Government Area, Victor Ebonka, said it was with the approval of the state government as it affects Ute-Ukpu kingdom. He said that the curfew commenced, on Monday, from 6 pm to 6 am, until further notice even as he enjoined all citizens to comply with the directive adding that the law enforcement agents will not hesitate to arrest defaulters of the order. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Yellow fever: Council boss imposes curfew in Delta community over unruly behaviour of youths [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Yellow fever: Council boss imposes curfew in Delta community over unruly behaviour of youths SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.