The common saying that nothing stops a man who believes in his dreams and pursues  it aptly captures the bold step taken recently by the President of Mayvinci, Gideon Abayomi King, in his bid to have a meeting with Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. In an unusual display of confidence, King who is based in Qatar was said to have to come Nigeria to have a meeting with Sanwo-Olu, but the governor’s busy schedule would not make his dream come true. But King, it was learnt, would not be deterred by that as he made the bold step towards Sanwo- Olu in Ikeja, Lagos, in order to offer his knowledge in implementing new social and economic ideas in developing the youths in Nigeria for greatness. Onlookers were stunned as everyone indicated that his move towards the governor was an unprecedented one, but when asked why he was bold to take the step, Mr King simply said his vision for the youths of the nation is greater than the fear of rejection. “When you have sat down with representatives of governments of other countries, CEOs,  princes, royals, and presidents of blue-chip companies, you will come to realise that confidence  and knowledge of your industry are what one needs to succeed.” It was a display of confidence as Mr King requested few minutes with Governor Sanwo-Olu, stating that He was the reason for coming to Nigeria after being invited by a member of the executive council of the Lagos State government to offer his knowledge in implementing new social and economic ideas. Mr King, it was learnt, was later invited to the governor’s office to discuss his dreams. While it is yet to be known what transpired afterwards, R gathered that King was impressed by the governor’s calm mien and commended him for granting him an audience. “This is a display of leadership that the youths are crying for in Lagos and I am glad to have met with the number one man in Lagos. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting. International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.