The Air Force Council have approved the promotion of 107, senior officers to their rank in the Nigerian Air Force (NAF). The promotion according to a statement signed by Wing Commander Basey Okon, Acting Deputy Director, for Director of Public Relations and Information, said 16 Air Commodores were promoted to the rank of Air Vice Marshal (AVM), 31 Group Captains promoted to the rank of Air Cdre, 27 Wing Commanders promoted to the rank of Group Captain and 33 Squadron Leaderspromoted to the rank of Wing Commanders. According to the statement, “among the newly promoted Air Vice Marshall is the Director of Public Relations and Information, Ibikunle Daramola, Managing director NAF Holdings, Uchechi Nwagwu and Kurotimi Obidake. “The Air Force Council (AFC) yesterday, 26 November 2020, approved the promotion of a total of 107 senior officers to the next higher ranks in the Nigerian Air Force (NAF). ” The affected Senior Officers comprise 16 Air Commodores (Air Cdres) who were promoted to the rank of Air Vice Marshal (AVM), 31 Group Captains (Gp Capts) who were promoted to the rank of Air Cdre, 27 Wing Commanders (Wg Cdrs) promoted to the rank of Gp Capt and 33 Squadron Leaders (Sqn Ldrs) promoted to the rank of Wg Cdr. “Those promoted to the rank of AVM include, Air Cdres Abraham Adole, Tajudeen Yusuf, Ibikunle Daramola, Uchechi Nwagwu, Sani Rabe, Kurotimi Obidake, Nanjul Kumzhi, Kabiru Aliyu, Akanbi Salami, Kabir Umar, Barisi Keenam, Sunday Ogba, Abiola Amodu, Pam Chollom, Mfon Ekpoh and Garba Abubakar. “Among those promoted from the rank of Gp Capt to Air Cdre are Garba Jibia, Adebayo Bamidele, Christopher Akpa, Ekele Odekina, Emmanuel Iduh, Sylvester Eyoma, Sampson Eyekosi, Osichinaka Ubadike, Patrick Edem, Garuba Bello, Mukhtar Umar, Olujames Salami, Nosiru Folaji, and Emmanuel Ukpong. Others promoted to the rank of Air Cdre include David Dickson, Celestine Akubue, Tiyanu Kamla, Yayirus Lapips, Zakari Dangaji, Musa Abdullahi, Francis Ankeli, Abdullahi Madaki, Ugochukwu Ariahu, Mada Yushau, Ekongubong Akpabio, Isaiah Taiwo, Ali Tanko, Babatunde Bolarinwa, Ayodele Famuyiwa, Gbolahan Oremosu and Ikechukwu Ogbodo. It stated that the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, on behalf of officers, airmen, airwomen and civilian staff of NAF, heartily congratulated the newly promoted senior officers and urged them to see the elevation as motivation to re-dedicate themselves towards more effective and efficient service delivery. It further added that the newly promoted senior officers would be decorated with their new ranks at a later date. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Airforce promotes 107 officers  Airforce promotes 107 officers #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Airforce promotes 107 officers  Airforce promotes 107 officers NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.