Former Portsmouth, West Ham and Fulham star Papa Bouba Diop, known for scoring Senegal’s famous goal to beat France in the 2002 World Cup, has reportedly passed away aged 42 after a battle with illness, the Mirror of UK has reported. According to a number of reports, Bouba Diop had been suffering with a long-time illness, Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. His former club, RC Lens, paid tribute on Twitter, writing: “It is with great sadness that Racing Club de Lens has just learned of the disappearance of its former player Papa Bouba Diop, at the age of 42. “We offer our deepest condolences to his loved ones.” Diop became a national hero when he scored the goal which saw Senegal beat France 1-0 in their opening World Cup game in 2002. The midfielder first arrived in English football when he joined Fulham from Lens in 2004, becoming known as “The Wardrobe” at Craven Cottage. He joined Portsmouth in 2007 and after a stint with AEK Athens returned to the top flight by joining West Ham in 2011. After one season with the Hammers he joined Birmingham City before being released in January 2013. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE JUST IN: Again, Herdsmen Destroy, Set Falae’s Farm Ablaze, Attack Workers Some herdsmen have reportedly invaded the farm of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Olu Falae, and attacked some of the workers on the farm after destroying it… #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now