President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated his nephew, Malam Mamman Daura, on the occasion of his 81st birthday, describing him as “a dedicated public servant, consummate administrator, and one of our worthiest gentlemen who is widely misunderstood by so many.” A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja, on Tuesday, said the that “Mamman Daura is a thoroughbred public administrator with an all-rounded knowledge and experience in life and government.” According to President Buhari, “it’s impossible to sit down with Daura without gaining from his vast experience, knowledge and wisdom.” The President noted that “among Daura’s unappreciated virtues are his humility, compassion and zeal to provide mentoring to many who are privileged to be with him or close to him.” ALSO READ: #EndSARS: Activist sues Sam Adeyemi, Falz, Aisha Yesufu, Kanu Nwankwo, others President Buhari, who also described Daura as “a veteran of Nigeria’s political history and active participant in its development,” said that “the revered journalist and public administrator is needlessly misunderstood.” He added that “Daura’s experience is not unusual because many great men are not appreciated, which stems from the cynical obsession of many of his critics.” President Buhari advised Nigerians “to be just and fair-minded in the assessment of public figures like Mamman Daura whose contributions to the development of the country overshadow perceived flaws.” “As you celebrate the ripe age of 81, may Allah bless you with better health and longer life in the service of Nigeria and mankind. You are a fountain of inspiration and an inexhaustible reservoir of knowledge. We are proud of your invaluable support.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Buhari felicitates Mamman Daura at 81 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.