Senator representing Lagos West senatorial district, Solomon Adeola (APC, Lagos West), has renewed the call to the Federal Government to grant Lagos State a Special Status and Special Grant following the massive destruction that followed the #EndSARS protest in Lagos. The senator who was among the South-West Senators briefed by Governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on the destruction of public and private properties across Lagos State said over the years many attempts have been made in the agitation for a special status for Lagos State on the basis of its being the nation’s economic nerve centre and its status as the former Federal Capital of Nigeria with many federal infrastructures and a huge population of all tribes of Nigeria. He expressed concern that the resources of the state government could not adequately cater for the population and the pressure on amenities arising out of the status of the state as an acknowledged megacity with a population of over 20 million Nigerians. “The issue of special status for Lagos State has again been brought to the front burner following the fallouts of the protest against extra-judicial killings and Police brutality. With the magnitude of the destruction of critical infrastructures in Lagos State last week, it is inconceivable that the Lagos Government alone can handle the rebuilding of destroyed properties, most of which are for the public good. It is necessary at this time to state that when Federal Government makes interventions to assist the state like the N1billion per state to assist in efforts aimed at stemming COVID-19, Lagos State should be more favourably treated in view of its status. Nigerians boarding all the burns BRT Buses are not asked their state of origins when they board.” ALSO READ: Edo police release 11-year-old #EndSARS protester who declared himself IG The Chairman Senate Committee on Finance noted that with the cost of damage put at over N1trillion by the Lagos State Governor, Mr Sanwo-Olu, he appealed to the Federal Government to come to the aid of the Lagos State Government in rebuilding and replacing destroyed public facilities of all kinds during the attendant mayhem to the protest. “From what we saw during our sympathy and condolence visit to Lagos State Governor and its people, it was clear that Lagos State Government cannot handle the rebuilding of infrastructure and facilities destroyed alone as the destruction in Lagos State in all aspects expectedly dwarfed that of other states and FCT put together as a result of the crisis.” The Senator further submitted that such a grant from the Federal Government at this time following the regrettable mayhem would ultimately be in the national interest as not only are all Nigerians of all parts of the country resident and doing business in Lagos State going to benefit but many revenue-generating agencies and other federal institutions are similarly located in Lagos State with the real possibility that their operations will be greatly impeded without urgent rebuilding and replacing some of the destroyed properties. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.