Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has promised to foot the medical bills of some members of a local vigilante group who sustained injuries during a gun duel with suspected herdsmen in Ughelli. Okowa made the promise last weekend during an unscheduled visit to the victims at the Central Hospital, Ughelli in Ughelli North Local Government Area of the state. He commended the efforts of the vigilante members for their gallant fight against the herdsmen insurgents, adding that the state government will not abandon them in their travails. Governor Okowa, however, appealed to all Deltans to be security conscious, saying security is the business of everyone. “We should be security conscious on the times, avail the security operatives of any suspicious face and movement around our environment; security is everyone’s business,” he reiterated. It will be recalled that members of Vigilante Group of Nigeria (VGN) Ughelli chapter, led by its Commandant, Comrade Monday Ohwesiri, were attacked by suspected herdsmen while on an operation to rescue four kidnapped Fulani herdsmen from their captors. Two of the unlucky Vigilante coy members who sustained injuries have since been admitted and receiving treatment at the Central Hospital, Ughelli. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Okowa foots medical bills of injured vigilante members in Ughelli SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now