The United Kingdom (UK) Parliament will on Monday, November 23, debate a petition seeking sanctions by the UK government against the Nigerian government and Police Force following reported cases of human rights violation by a rogue unit of the Nigerian Police Force, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). The UK Parliament in an update on its website on Wednesday said the debate would be made available on the UK Parliament YouTube channel. The update titled “Parliament will debate this petition” reads that “Parliament will debate this petition on 23 November 2020. You’ll be able to watch online on the UK Parliament YouTube channel.” Nigerian Tribune reports that any petition signed by over 100,000 individuals will be considered for debate by the UK Parliament. The petition titled “Implement sanctions against the Nigerian Government and officials” and created by Silas Ojo has so far gathered 219,988 signatures.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.