Nigeria’s foremost talent hunt competition for indigenous music, Ariya Repete, has returned with another edition. The brains behind the famous talent discovery event, Goldberg Lager, announced this year’s edition tagged ‘Ariya Repete – Omoluabi Special’ on Wednesday last week. The event, initially conceptualised as a platform for budding Fuji artistes, called Fuji to Bam, later evolved into a spectacle for more indigenous genres, including Juju music and Yoruba hip-pop and was on TV last year as a reality talent show. This year’s edition will mark the eighth edition of the music competition as it will celebrate amazing indigenous talents from the South-West, while interested participants have been advised to enter for auditions by recording and posting a short video of their works. The music platform which has rewarded and empowered multiple participants in its previous editions as well as featured A-list Yoruba music acts such as King Sunny Ade, K1 D Ultimate, Sir Shina Peters, Alhaji Alabi Pasuma, Olamide, will this year will engage Nigerian A-list stars and Goldberg ambassadors, Olamide and Odunlade Adekola. Speaking on the new edition, the Portfolio Manager, Mainstream Brands, Omotunde Adenusi said: “Ariya Repete is a very special platform that allows us to showcase and celebrate the very best talents in Nigeria. Over the years, we have been able to delight our consumers with this initiative as well as provide some unforgettable memories for a lot of winners and viewers of past editions. We hope to make this edition filled with even more enjoyment’’.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.