Determined to unravel the circumstances surrounding the gruesome killing of Mr Ibrahim Momodu by the police on May 27, 2013, in Benin, the Edo State Judicial Panel of Inquiry sitting in Benin, the state capital has summoned a retired Chief Superintendent of Police, Mrs Carol Afegbai to appear before it on Thursday, November 26. The family is presently demanding a compensation of N50 million, the arrest and prosecution of all police officers who were on duty and present during the shooting for complicity in the murder among others. In a petition by the family lawyer, Mr Jefferson Uwoghiren and dated October 27, 2020, the family held that the deceased was allegedly killed by Corporal Amadin Idahosa on the order of Mrs Afegbai who was the divisional police officer (DPO) at Ogida Police Station. The petition, titled “Extra-Judicial Killing of Mr Ibrahim Momodu: Urgent Request to Invite, Investigate and Prosecute one Mrs Carol Afegbai, a Chief Superintendent of Police and Other at Large for Complicity and Conspiracy to Murder, Obstruction of Justice and Conducts Prejudicial to Public Peace” is addressed to the chairman, Edo State Judicial Panel, Government House, Benin. Uwoghiren recalled that on the fateful day, Momodu was shot on the order of the DPO without provocation, legal justification, illegally for being an armed robber and was subsequently buried in a shallow grave in a desperate attempt at covering up the deed in a public cemetery in Benin. At Monday’s sitting, the chairman of the panel, Justice Ada Ehigiamusoe panel resolved to summon Mrs Afegbai because of her belief that the ex-policewoman is likely going to give material evidence and will not come voluntarily. Mrs. Ehigiamusoe ordered: “It is appearing to me that you are likely going to give material evidence therein on your behalf and will not do so voluntarily. “You are therefore summoned to appear the Edo Panel on November 26, 2020 to testify that you know in the suit matter and also produce evidence where necessary.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.