At least 80 per cent of traditional Christmas markets in Germany have been cancelled over the COVID-19 pandemic, the German Retail Federation (HDE) said on Monday. The federation cited a study by consulting company CIMA and the Association of City Marketing and Town Centre Management Germany, which polled 1,400 municipal officials, representatives of local civic organisations and retailers. The cancellation is said to negatively impact trade during Christmas as well as retail in city centres where markets are usually organised. According to the HDE, only seven per cent of scheduled markets will take place, the fate of another 13 per cent remains undecided. As a result, almost two-thirds of respondents expect decreased volumes in Christmas retail. “Christmas markets are an important factor that brings clients to pedestrian zones and city centres. “And when this stimulus is lost almost everywhere this means another heavy blow to already worn-out retail in city centres,” HDE Secretary-General, Stefan Genth, said in a statement. Starting Nov. 2, Germany has been living under a so-called soft lockdown, which limits the work of the catering industry and cancellation of entertainment events. The measures are in effect until the end of the month but could be extended by the authorities. Germany usually holds Christmas markets from late October to early January. (Sputnik/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.