The Industrial Training Fund (ITF) has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports Development to train 23, 000 youths of Nigeria in various skills as part of the efforts to build their capacities and to make them employable and self-employed. Director-General of ITF, Sir Joseph Ari at the signing of the MoU at the headquarters of the fund in Jos said the 23,00 youths will be trained in 21 different areas to equip them with requisite skills that would make them to be self-employed. According to him, some of the training areas include agro-allied which has a lot of value chains, welding and fabrication, carpentry, plumbing, electrical and installations, information and communication technology, facilities management technology, health and safety, photography and others. “We have kept faith with your desire to train the youth, we are expected to train 23,000 Nigeria young men and women, that would mean training 600 per state including the Federal Capital Territory Abuja. The training will be for three months after which they would be released to the labour market,” he said. In his response, the Minister of Youth and Sport Development, Mr Sunday Dare said the mandate of ITF and his ministry is similar when it comes to youth development, adding that beyond the 23,000 that would be trained in various skills, many more will be engaged as the year roll by. The minister who pointed out that Nigeria is blessed with people that are endowed with various talents and great resources that can make Nigeria great in terms of national economic development, adding that the young ones need to be equipped to bring out the best in them. He said: “Those that established ITF had a good vision because at a time like this, ITF remains a critical partner in helping our youths to get the desire skills they need. Also, we must thank President Mohammadu Buhari for signing for the first time Nigeria Youths Investment Fund to the tune of N75 billion for the next three years. This means investing in the skilled talent, enterprise and business of the youth.” He further disclosed that the youth can draw between N250,000 to N3 million, adding that over 3.5 million youths had already applied while the first batch will get the fund this week. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now