The aftermath of the violence which trailed the #EndSARS protest in Ekiti State, the assessment committee set up by the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has visited burnt police formations in the state to determine the level of carnage. The committee headed by CP Abutu Yaro, on Wednesday, visited all the affected stations which were in Ikere-Ekiti, headquarters of Ikere Local Government Area of the state. The protest which was hijacked by hoodlums saw the Police Area Command and Divisional Police headquarters set ablaze with police armoury looted in the formations. According to a statement made available to Tribune Online by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Sunday Abutu, quoted CP Yaro to have said the visit was necessary to determine the level of damage and commence the process of reconstruction and supply of new equipment. He said: “The Committee commenced their assignment from Ikere Area Command where Police facilities were looted and vandalised, and proceeded to Ikere Divisional Police Headquarters that was looted and set ablaze by the hoodlums during the protest. The team finally visited Afao-Ikere Divisional Police Headquarters that was also looted and set ablaze by the hoodlums under the umbrella of ENDSARS protest. ALSO READ: Yellow fever cause of ‘strange’ deaths in Enugu, others ― Ehanire “The Committee, during the on-spot assessment, captured the pictorials of all the damage done to Police infrastructure, verified the losses and damage suffered by Personnel, amongst others.” The state Commissioner of Police, Mr Tunde Mobayo, who commended the IGP for setting up the assessment committee, noted that it would go along way in helping the police authorities to determine the level of damage and how best to put the facilities back for effective policing in the country. Mobayo assured residents of the state that police would continue its responsibility of protecting lives and property, debunking the report of withdrawal of officers from Ikere-Ekiti and other communities in the state. “The Command had no reason, whatsoever, to withdraw Policemen posted to any part of the State including Ikere-Ekiti for the discharge of their statutory duties,” CP Mobayo said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    IGP committee visits burnt stations in Ekiti SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.