Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has ordered the immediate sack of some political office holders from Ohaukwu local government Area of the state. The governor gave the directive on Friday in a statement signed by the Secretary to the State government, Dr Kenneth Ugbala. The officeholders include all the Coordinators, all the Executive Assistants (EAs), all the Senior Technical Assistants (STAs). Others include all the Technical Assistants (TAs), all the Liaison Officers and all the Management Committee Members of Development Centres. Ugbala urged them to handover all the government properties in their possession latest Monday, 23 November 2020. Ugbala said: “In the avowed determination of Ebonyi State Government to allow greater participation of Ebonyians in governance, His Excellency, the Governor of Ebonyi State,  David Nweze Umahi has approved the removal from office of the following political office holders from Ohaukwu Local Government Area with immediate effect. They are All the Coordinators, All the Executive Assistants (EAs), All the Senior Technical Assistants (STAs), All the Technical Assistants (TAs), All the Liaison Officers and All the Management Committee Members of Development Centres in Ohaukwu LGA. In view of the above, all the affected former officers are directed to handover all the State Government property in their possession to the Secretary to the State Government before the close of work on Monday 23rd November 2020. Please ensure strict adherence to this directive.” The removal of the appointees came barely a few hours chairman of the council area, Barr. Clement Odah and stakeholders of the area held a meeting in support of Governor Umahi’s defection to APC. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki, warns him against returning to APC(Opens in a new browser tab) Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday.Umahi sacks all his appointees  Umahi sacks all his appointees Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.Umahi sacks all his appointees Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving.Umahi sacks all his appointees NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.