The International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA), Kaduna branch has explained that the need for rape victims as well as other victims of domestic violence to speak out compelled it body to fund the legal fees. FIDA noted that this development will encourage victims to come forward with their complaints. Chairperson of FIDA, Zainab Atoba, stated this during a one-day sensitization awareness against rape and domestic violence in Chikun local government area organised by Jam’i yyar Matan Arewa and FIDA, Kaduna on Thursday. According to her, “most of the victims of rape are usually afraid to talk. But today, we are here in your community to tell you that if you are a victim don’t be afraid or shy to speak. “Mothers, if your daughters are raped or molested please come forward and say it. Wives, if your husband is a wife-beater or is molesting you in any form speak don’t die in silence. “We have experienced lawyers who will stand for you in courts without collecting a kobo.” Also speaking, the National President of Jami yar Matan Arewa, Hajiya Rabi Saulawa disclosed that many cases of rape in our communities are not reported because of the fear or cultural beliefs. She said perpetrators of the act are usually seen moving around with shoulders high, saying, “today our society is no longer safe as even a girl of two months is being raped.” He opined that women are bearing the brunt of these absurdities, calling on the women to be vigilant and watchful over their children. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.