The Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has approved the disbursement of a sum of N96 million as payment of scholarship to students of the state origin in tertiary institutions in the country. The amount according to the Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Dr Olabimpe Aderiye, was payment for no fewer than 469 students of Ekiti origin in higher institutions in the country. The commissioner who disclosed this in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital, on Wednesday, while speaking with journalists said that the state government had commenced electronic payment to bank accounts of beneficiaries of the awards. Aderiye highlighted beneficiaries of the scholarship awards to include, 31 physically challenged, 288 undergraduates as well as 150 postgraduate students consisting of 71 Masters and 79 PhD students. The Commissioner said that undergraduates and physically challenged students were given N60, 000 each while Masters students got N250, 000and their PhD counterparts, N750,000. She added that the State Government signed an agreement with each awardee to provide them immediate employment for two years after graduation. Reiterating the commitment of the Fayemi-led administration to the welfare of all students from the state, Aderiye, however, urged the beneficiaries to reciprocate government gesture by concentrating on their studies and shunning vices that may be inimical to their success. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… BREAKING: Ooni Of Ife, Queen Naomi Welcome Baby Boy After two years of marriage and waiting on the Lord, the Ooni of Ife and his Queen, Naomi Silekunola, on Wednesday, announced the arrival of a baby boy into the royal house of Oduduwa. Fayemi approves N96 million as payment of scholarship to students SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.