PORTS and Terminal Multiservices Limited (PTML), Nigeria’s largest roll-on-roll- off (RORO) terminal, has donated a brand new Toyota Hilux van to the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) as part of efforts to cushion the effect of the destruction of its facility by hoodlums who hijacked the recent #EndSARS protest. The Managing Director of PTML, Mr. Ascanio Russo, who handed over the keys of the vehicle to the Executive Director, Engineering and Technical Services of NPA, Prof. Idris Abubakar, shortly after assessing the level of damage done to the NPA headquarters building, condemned the attack on the Authority. The attack, he said, was “senseless”, as it has nothing to do with the EndSARS protest. While sympathising with the NPA management, Russo assured of PTML’s commitment to continue to work together and support the Authority. He said, “We came here as PTML and Grimaldi to express our sympathy to the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) for the horrendous attack they suffered three weeks ago when the headquarters was burnt. “We came here to present this vehicle and this is a way for us to show our support to the Authority because we know that in times like this, it is our duty to support NPA, which has always been very supportive to us and to the whole port industry. “So it is for us to show our commitment to work together with the NPA and express our solidarity and be with them in this very difficult period and to sympathise with them for this senseless attack because this has nothing to do with EndSARS protest. This is just an attack by criminals, which we strongly condemn.” Responding, Prof Abubakar expressed appreciation to the management of PTML for the donation. While calling on other stakeholders to emulate PTML’s gesture by supporting the Authority, Abubakar noted that in addition to 27 vehicles burnt by the hoodlums, over 300 computers, 100 printers, photocopiers and other office equipment were stolen. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.