Nine students of the Department of French, Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria have regained their freedom. This was disclosed by the University Director of Public Affairs, Auwal Umar, in an interview on Sunday. According to him, the students who were kidnapped while on their way to Lagos for field trip were released from the kidnappers’ den on Saturday night. On whether a ransom was paid, he said he was not aware but all he knew they were set free. Umar said: “All that I can say is that our students that were kidnapped some days ago have been released.” Corroborating the statement, a brother one of the victims, Julius Mutum, tweeted that his sister has been freed. Mutum wrote, “Some of the #ABU 9 including my sister have just regained their freedom. Strictly by family efforts. “Thank you @TheAbusite for lending your voice when everyone including govt and security agents didn’t care.” Also, one of the students who escaped with gunshot wound Dickson Oko said the kidnappers had contacted families of the students demanding N30 million ransom on each student. He, however, said N1 million was paid to free each student.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.