The Federal Government, on Monday, said the current maternal mortality rate in the country at 512 deaths per 100,000 live births. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire, made the startling revelation at a session with newsmen shortly after defending the 2021 budget of her office before federal lawmakers at the National Assembly complex in Abuja. Adefulire further revealed that neo-natal mortality is at 39 per 1000 live births and under age 5 mortality rate is at 132 per 1000 live births. She enumerated intervention efforts by the government to change the ugly narrative to include, construction of Mother and Child Centres and strategic partnerships with state governments across the country with the aim of promoting the health of the mothers and children, reducing maternal and child mortality and improving Nigeria’s health indices. She said: “Another significant step towards tackling the problems associated with infants, neonatal and maternal care was taken recently with the commissioning of a fully equipped, state of the art 100-Bed Mother and Child Care, MCC hospital in Ifon Community, Ose Local Government Area of Lagos State. ALSO READ: Gunmen kidnap Edo deputy governor’s brother “The facilities are equipped to stop maternal, child deaths. The facilities are strategic interventions directly linked to the achievement of SDG-3 on ‘Quality Health and Well-being for all’ and other cross-cutting SDGs. “Specifically, this Mother and Child Centres (MCC) aim to address the high prevalence of maternal and child mortalities in Nigeria in line with the mandate of OSSAP-SDGs to implement or support policies and programmes aimed at fast-tracking the achievement of the SDGs in Nigeria. “An example of this is the 100-Bed Mother and Child Centre we are commissioning today – built and donated to the Ondo State Government by the OSSAP-SDGs.” “It is therefore imperative that the State Government owns these strategic interventions and ensure their sustainability for the benefit of our people. As we continue to work together to achieve the transformative promise to ‘Leave no one behind’, I would like to call on corporate organizations, philanthropists and Foundations to continue to partner the government for this type of initiatives as part of their Corporate Social Responsibilities. “We will continue to prioritise programmes and interventions with potential large-scale impact for achieving the SDGs in Nigeria,” she added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    Maternal mortality rate stands at 512 deaths per 100,000 births ― FG SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.