AS part of its resolve to ensure a COVID-19-free society, particularly in schools, Ibadan Rotary Club recently supported schools with COVID-19 protection kits as well as sensitising pupils on ways to protect themselves against the dreaded virus Speaking with the Nigerian Tribune, the District Governor, Rotary District 9125, Rotarian Jumoke Bamigboye, said:  “Rotary Club of Ibadan has just donated facemasks, hand sanitisers and notebooks to the pupils in some schools in Ibadan. “This is in compliance with the directive of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) that Nigerians should wear facemask, so we need to encourage the children to put on facemasks. Most of these children are from very poor homes and cannot afford these protective items. “The Rotary Club of Ibadan is also encouraging them by giving them notebooks, and then eventually we planted trees to protect the environment and to also protect the buildings against winds and other hazards.” Also speaking after the donation of the items, the President Rotary Club of Ibadan, Rotarian Jumoke Ikupolati, said “As we all know that COVID-19 is still within.  So, there is the need for us to curb it, and one of the ways to go about that is to prevent it. “The children are already in school. We are here, apart from donating protective items to sensitise the children on how best to prevent themselves from contacting the virus, we have been to Celestial Secondary School, NTC Road, Ibadan and now we are at Orita-Mefa Baptist Model School. This is just a way of contributing our own quota to the development of the society.” She also informed that interact club had been introduced to the schools, saying, “The interact club is to educate and mentor the pupils to make sure that they are up and doing. And when they grow up, they can also give back to the society that made them.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.