A N10 million ransom has been placed on the abducted wife of a lecturer in Delta State University (DELSU), Dr Sunny Ojobor, before her release by her abductors. Recall that Mrs Ojobor, a secondary school teacher of Erho Secondary School, Abraka, was kidnapped in her shop at Old Eku-Abraka Road close to FSP junction in Abraka around 9:00 pm on Monday. The victim’s husband told journalists in Delta that the abductors had established contact with him with the demand of N10 million ransom. Dr Ojobor, who reportedly decried the development, disclosed that the assailants were not elements from faraway, but persons from the Niger Delta. “These are our boys. Their English might not be too sound, but they are enlightened. “It is very annoying that we have gotten to this place in Nigeria that somebody that is doing his or her respective business, managing her life, you will go and kidnap her because you are looking for money,” the lecturer lamented. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), in the state, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, had, on Tuesday, told our correspondent that operatives of the command were doing everything possible to rescue the woman unhurt as well as apprehend the kidnappers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE JUST IN: Again, Herdsmen Destroy, Set Falae’s Farm Ablaze, Attack Workers Some herdsmen have reportedly invaded the farm of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Olu Falae, and attacked some of the workers on the farm after destroying it… #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.