IN order to inculcate and impact Information and Communications Technology (ICT) on wards at early stage, the Ogun State Government in collaboration with Orange Card is organising “Teachers Fest” in the state. Addressing a news conference, the Coordinator, Orange Cars, Mr. Abiodun Oshodi,submitted that the Teachers Fest is first of its kind in the country. He noted that during the Teachers Fest, the teachers would be exposed to the new global system of delivering and making learning attractive to their wards/pupils as well as teachers. Oshodi said the strategic workshop would provide ample opportunity for master class training for those interested, noting that it would flag off ICT training teachers, awards that would attract 10 million Naira grant for career advancement and for continued self-improvement to become the best. The programme will come up on November 28, 2020. The Director of Information, Bureau of Information (BIT), Mrs. Olatundun Adekunle said the TechHub cares for teachers in the state in order to widen their knowledge in ICT. She said teachers would benefit immensely from the upcoming Teachers Fest, which comprises of different activities, such as access to discount market, special ICT master class session that would be hosted in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.