Christians and Nigerians at large have been admonished on the importance of thanking God specially against all odds as a nation and as individuals as it is imperative to thank God for the survival of the coronavirus pandemic and the recent #EndSARS crisis. The guest minister at the 80th anniversary thanksgiving of the Holy Folk of Christ Church, Ibadan District 4 headquarters, at Foko Amule, Ibadan, Oyo State, Superintendent General (Dr) Ebenezer Olugbile stressed that Nigerians irrespective of religion, tribe and colour should not be ungrateful of God’s divine protection and intervention for Nigeria not to be consumed by its many challenges. “The celebration of the success journey of the church and the grace for our existence against all the challenges we have encountered since the beginning of this country is worth celebrating. God preserved our lives and as a result of this, we must give thanks to Him. This is not limited to Christians; all humans that have overcome all the terrifying challenges are indebted to give God gratitude,” he said. Reflecting on the events that shaped the outgoing year, the cleric, from Holy Flock of Christ Church, Ipaja, Lagos, stressed that God, indeed, showed His supremacy and beat human imagination, hence he urged Christians and Nigerians at large to commit the remaining days of 2020 and the incoming year to God. “I advise everyone to put their only hope in Christ and do away with predictions and prophecies. Inasmuch as we surrender all to God, even the coming year will be better off. I am not saying prophecy is not important, but I want to advise people to always apply wisdom and faith in it,” he added. Many dignitaries from all walks of life graced the celebration with the theme ‘God of our Fathers’, which took place at the Ibadan District 4. The ceremony also featured the celebration and remembrance of the founding founders of the church and posthumous honour of worthy leaders and members of the church. High point of the celebration was the joint special thanksgiving of the congregation on the restoration of peace in the country despite all its many challenges since the beginning of the year. The church also interceded for the country for the restoration of absolute normalcy in every sector. The head of the Ibadan headquarters, Venerable Adeniyi Oluwabiyi, expressed delight at witnessing the remarkable achievement of the church, adding that, “It is a unique experience to be part of this great event as a member of the leadership of the church. I had wanted to retire and return to my hometown, but the leadership commissioned me to take over the leadership of the church when the then head of the church passed away in 2014. If I had returned home that year, I would not have been a living witness of this great event. I am really elated and I thank God for the growth of the church”. In his goodwill message, the spiritual head of the church, Most Venerable Josiah Adefope, represented by Venerable Segun Bailey, congratulated the church on the success of the anniversary, just as he urged Christians at large remain steadfast and be grateful to God for His wonders upon mankind.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE