A senior executive at LG Electronics, Dr. Lee Kam-gyu has disclosed the company’s intention to expand the company’s presence in the Middle East and Africa HVAC industry. At a virtual conference yesterday, the head of LG’s Air Solution business division explained LG’s brand philosophy to become a trusted partner in the region based on the values of integration, expertise, and commitment as well as a new portfolio of air purification solution products for residential, office and commercial environments. According to him, Kam-gyu said: “Most people may think of LG as a washing machine and refrigerator brand but we provide solutions in many sectors that consumers don’t see. “LG is constantly investing in capabilities to raise the trust of our customers and we will reinforce this commitment through better-integrated solutions, expert insights and more dedicated support to become a trusted partner for HVAC in the region.” Since the outbreak of the pandemic and the increasing time spent indoors, concerns over indoor air quality have grown. Needs for high-quality HVAC and air management solutions have increased due to the pandemic with LG’s products – which not only meet but surpass guidelines for clean air in the region – seeing unexpected demand. To further raise the value for MEA customers and enhance the level of trust in the brand, LG is focusing on its three core values of integration, expertise and commitment. As an integrator, LG will deliver even more optimized HVAC and energy management solutions for each and every project to achieve the minimal total cost of ownership (TCO) for its clients. With its deep expertise, LG will advise its customers with its technological experience-based knowledge to find the most effective and efficient solution to any problem. And as a committed partner, LG promises to go beyond the installation of its solutions to service, maintain and help manage its products through the system’s lifecycle. President of LG Middle East and Africa, James Lee reinforced LG’s experience and commitment in the Middle East and Africa. “The key reason behind our success in this region to date is our commitment to understand and respond to the real needs of the MEA market,” said Lee. “Expanding beyond this will require significantly more technology, more innovation and especially more customer service.” Consistent with this strategy, LG has introduced products and solutions in the region that are designed to deliver the best technology that the company as to offer. For example, a new, ceiling-based DUAL Vane Cassette lineup boasts a powerful five-step air purification process that is seamlessly designed into the unit itself. With its new air purification-inclusive design, this advanced product delivers various airflow modes that are optimally customized for all spaces, delivering clean, filtered air to its indoor destination. What’s more, LG’s innovative Round Cassette for commercial spaces not only provides a luxurious design that makes a space look more inviting, it also covers large areas with flexible airflow compared to conventional 4-Way cassette. Its increased airflow and detailed wind direction makes it possible for its cool breeze to spread widely and evenly. “As a global total provider of HVAC solutions, we look forward to enriching both human life and nature in the Middle East and Africa,” said Lee. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now