As Nigeria braces up for a likely second wave of COVID -19, Ondo State government has urged school authorities in the state to adopt and ensure personal hygiene measures among students to protect them against COVID-19. The Chairman, Interministerial Committee on Coronavirus (COVID-19), Prof. Adesegun Fatusi, who made this call during inspection and sensitisation visits to some primary and secondary schools in Ondo town stressed the need for schools to beef up actions to ensure students were educated on the preventive measures. He said that the health and safety of students, teachers and members of the academic environment are paramount to the government and warned against clustering of students in classes saying this must be discouraged to avoid an increase in the infection. He emphasised on the need to continually sensitise the academic community about the pandemic and remind them of the need to be safety conscious. The Don, however, called on the schools to uphold the principle of social distancing in their classrooms, adding that they must not become an endangered species while promoting academics. The Chairman said the Committee will not relent in its efforts at ensuring COVID-19 infection curve remained flattened in the state, while he appealed to school authorities to help prevent the spread of the infection by adhering to COVID-19 protocols. He stated that any sick pupil should not be allowed to come to school, while any suspected case should be referred to the nearest health facilities immediately. ALSO READ: ASUU strike negatively impacting lives of students ― Buhari The Vice-Chancellor also appealed to parents to exemplify adherence to COVID-19 protocols in their homes, maintaining that they must provide students with necessary requirements to prevent them from contracting the virus. Also speaking, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health, Dr Oladipupo Durojaiye, said staying safe is the responsibility of all, as individuals must prioritize their protection. He called on the students and teachers to always wash their hands or use hand sanitisers, wear nose masks and obey other preventive measures universally accepted against the spread of COVID-19. Responding, the Principal of St. Helen’s Unity Secondary School, Ondo, Mrs Stella Olorunyomi, reiterated the commitment of the school is adhering to COVID-19 protocols, adding that the students have also seen same as part of their daily routine. In the same vein, a pupil of St. Raphael’s Nursery and Primary School, Ondo, Miss Mercy Adetula, appreciated the government for paying attention to the well being of the students and teachers. She observed that adherence to COVID-19 preventive measure could help the government and the people to overcome the scourge. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.