The Osun State Government says it has uncovered a plot by those it described as “unscrupulous elements, teleguided by agents of anarchy” to start another round of hooliganism on Monday. The state government which dropped the hint via a statement signed by Mrs Funke Egbemode, Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, charged parents, guardians and well-meaning citizens of the state to caution their wards “not to allow themselves to be used to satisfy the knavish tricks of these elements who are determined to trouble the state with their misguided actions.” The statement stated that the government “has been through enough crisis in the past weeks and cannot afford another at this time. “Security agencies have been fully briefed to be on the alert and to protect the peace of the state. Let’s not forget what the last round of trouble cost the state. The government will not fold its hands while some characters try to experiment with the lives and livelihood of the people of Osun. “The government hereby warns that those found joining any gathering that can bring trouble to the state or unsettle citizens will answer fully to the law enforcement agents who are already on the alert,” she submitted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week… Gbajabiamila Calls For Amendment Of Federal Character Laws The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila has underscored the urgent need for review the extant definition of federal character in the Nigerian Constitution…. BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.