The Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan has said eight students of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria were among those kidnapped along Abuja /Kaduna highway on Sunday. According to him, the Vice-Chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Professor Kabir Bala told the state government about the kidnapping of the 8 students by the bandits. To this end, he said security operatives are presently pursuing bandits in some locations in Igabi and Kajuru local government areas of Kaduna Central Senatorial District. The Commissioner stated this in a statement on Monday while updating the public on the kidnap saga that took place in the state. He said the state government is commiserating with the families of the victims following today’s bandit attack at Albasu village of Igabi and Sunday night attack at Maraban Kajuru in the two councils. He noted, ‘Security agencies have notified the government that they are pursuing bandits in the area, and will provide further updates. “On Monday, armed bandits attacked Albasu village located southwards of Malum forest in Sabon Birni general area and subsequently killed some locals, while on Sunday night at Maraban Kajuru, armed bandits kidnapped two persons and killed one person while escaping into a nearby forest. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai has sent condolences to the families and prayed for the repose of their souls. “The Vice-Chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Professor Kabir Bala has informed the government that eight students of the institution were among those kidnapped on Sunday afternoon on the Kaduna-Abuja Road. “Similarly, troops on patrol around Chikun and Kajuru LGAs boundaries found a corpse of an armed bandit who died of gun wounds. “An AK/47 rifle and other valuables were found beside the decayed corpse. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an Eight students of ABU SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.