Following the second wave of the coronavirus pandemic currently affecting the United Kingdom and other foreign countries and the high risk on African countries, Nigerians have been advised to strictly adhere to government’s directive on precautionary measures from spreading the virus. Popular Ukrainian-based Nigerian Afro-fusion artiste, who is also the owner of Glory Music Group, Olajide Orodo, admonished Nigerians to continue to abide by all the Federal Government safety rules and regulations on COVID-19. GMG boss made this known at Rhythm FM, Naija FM, City FM and others, as part of his ongoing radio tour. According to him, Nigeria don’t need to go on a second lockdown if the people strictly abide by the Federal Government’s regulations on COVID-19. He also pledged his support to enlighten fans and other Nigerians about the imminent danger the deadly virus pose to the society. He called on all stakeholders not to relent in their effort in sensitising and informing people on the need to wear face mask, always wash their hands and keep distance from crowded places. He also promised to host a mini concert at the festive season in line with the Fderal Government’s social distancing regulations, as part of his effort to act on the demands of his fans. It would be recalled that GMG Boss also headlined the Bez Viz Festival in September, which was streamed live to thousands of people across the globe.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.