Nigerian Erosion and Watershed Management Project, (NEWMAP) has assured Gombe State government that it will soon embark on erosion control works at some major gullies across the State. The assurance was given by the National Coordinator of NEWMAP, Dr Salisu Dahiru in a chat with newsmen after a meeting with Gombe State Governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya in Abuja on Wednesday. A statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant on Media to the Governor made available to newsmen in Gombe contained that National Coordinator said that NEWMAP came to consult with Governor Inuwa Yahaya in respect to project implementation in the State especially the control of monstrous gullies around the Gombe State University and the Federal College of Education (Tech) Gombe. The National Coordinator of NEWMAP also said that in the last one and half years, Governor Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has put in so much effort towards addressing gullies in the State given the critical and devastating nature gullies can cause to the lives and livelihood of the people. Salisu Dahiru said that: “His Excellency has done everything necessary to see that erosion is controlled in Gombe State particularly the monstrous gullies at the State University and Federal College of Education (Technical) Gombe but for factors bordering around covid-19 restrictions and issues that have to do with the World Bank which provides the formal approval for project activities to take off, we are yet to commence implementation”. He further said that Gombe State has met all the requirements necessary for the implementation of NEWMAP projects in the State through the payment of counterpart Fund, accelerated support for the Project Management Unit and linking up with approving levels and institutions within and outside the state. Dr. Salisu Dahiru added that the erosion control projects which was supposed to have been executed some six months ago did not go down well with the Gombe State Governor, assuring the people of the State that work will soon commence now that the dry season is here. “The Governor had to summon me to come and speak on behalf of the World Bank since no staff of theirs can do the engagement due to the covid-19 restrictions, so I came and explained to him that all the steps needed for the project to kick off have almost been completed”, he added. He also said that a tripartite meeting has been held between the Project Management Unit of Gombe State, the World Bank and the Federal Project Management Unit under the guidance of the Special Adviser to Governor Inuwa Yahaya on Budget, Planning development agencies coordination. The National Coordinator of NEWMAP said the Gombe State Governor has since given them marching orders to ensure that men and materials move to site as soon as possible. It may be recalled that in his determination to address severe gully erosion problems bedevilling parts of Gombe State, Governor Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya had earlier released Five hundred million Naira as Gombe state’s counterpart to access funds from World Bank for gully erosion control project in the state under the NEWMAP to facilitate the process of addressing distressing gully erosion problems in the short term, reduce vulnerability to soil erosion and climate variability in the medium term, and promote long-term climate resilience and low carbon development in the state. In effect, the project targets the controlling of major gullies ravaging some areas, including the Gombe State University, Federal College of Education (Technical), East of Gombe International Hotel – Behind Gombe State House of Assembly, Wuro Bajoga-Bogo and East of Kumo General Hospital – Jauro Tukur gully systems which were all approved by the World Bank. NEWMAP is a state-led project, in partnership with the World Bank and is designed to support the drive to achieve greater environmental and economic security. The project takes an integrated watershed management approach to erosion that will address the interlink challenges of poverty, ecosystem services, climate change, disaster risk management, biodiversity, institutional capacity and governance. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens…Major erosion control projects ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…Major erosion control projects ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice…Major erosion control projects NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE