Delta Police Command said it is launched a manhunt for the abductors of the wife of Dr Sunny Ojoboh, a lecturer in Mathematics and Computer Science Department at the Delta State University (DELSU), Abraka. Mrs Ojoboh, who was kidnapped Monday night, is a staff of Erho Secondary School, Abraka. She was reportedly kidnapped while in her shop along Old Eku-Abraka Road close to FSP junction in the university town around 9:00 p.m on Monday. The kidnappers reportedly stormed her shop, shot into the air to scare people away and whisked her to an unknown destination using a waiting vehicle. It was also gathered that the assailants also went away with her Lexus Jeep. Efforts made by youths in the area to track the abductors failed as the kidnappers escaped through the Eku axis using the old road. Onome Onovwakpoyeya, Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) who spoke with Tribune Online on the phone on Tuesday evening said the command was “doing everything to rescue the victim” and apprehend the abductors. She added that she wasn’t aware the victim is a wife to the DELSU’s lecturer. As of the time of filing the report, it could not be ascertained whether the abductors had initiated contact with family members. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.