Engineers in Nigeria have been urged to possess exemplary skills like ants including sincerity and team spirit, high maintenance culture, strong movement and problem-solving skills in order to progress. Engr. (Chief) Dotun Sanusi, CEO – ICAST Group of Schools and Ilaji Resorts, gave the admonition during the induction/launching ceremony and inauguration of 4th executive committee of Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE) recently. Sanusi who spoke on “Ants and Teaming Engineering” explicated the exceptional lifestyles of ants, attributing collective efforts to their activities regardless of physical limitations. Engr. Sanusi augmented that the characteristics of ants should always be in relation to engineering and teamwork encouraging the young engineers present to embrace teamwork and collective efforts with a view to facing the new phase of life that they are getting into.  The ceremony which held at the Functions Hall, Jogor Center, Ibadan had in attendance dignitaries like the Executive Governor of Oyo State, Engr. Seyi Makinde; President of the Nigerian Society of Engineers, Engr. Babagana Muhammed FNSE, who was represented by Engr. Oluyemi Morakinyo FNSE; the Dean, Faculty of Engineering, First Technical University, Professor Olufemi Koya, many of the TECH-U Dons and students; Past Chairmen NSE Ibadan (Premier) Branch, Engr. Olayinka Alli, FNSE and Engr. Olajide Olorunnisola, FNSE. The branch inducted 29 new members into NSE for the year 2020. Speaking at the occasion, NSE President, Engr. Babagana Mohammed represented by Engr. Oluyemi Morakinyo said: “Since about three years that the branch came into existence, it has witnessed and done what many branches in the country are yet to attempt.”  “Oluyole branch has been waxing stronger and I encourage it to continue in that stride, ”he added. He further encouraged other Engineers to register so as to become certified and applauded the co-operation of the institutions in Oyo State for their supports and for making the branch a toast of other branches. Meanwhile, the Chairman, NSE Oluyole Branch, Engr. Abdulrasaq Jimoh, FNSE applauded members who have always kept the flag of the branch aloft with efficient service delivery. In the same vein, he acknowledged the good work of late Engr. Lere Adigun; and, Engr. Akintunde Akinyemi Abata adding that they were instrumental in facilitating the land acquisition of the permanent secretariat the branch was launching. In furtherance, he charged the new inductees to use their engineering prowess to develop the nation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.Dotun Sanusi BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.Dotun Sanusi Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.Dotun Sanusi NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.