A 42 year old Milenge woman has filed for divorce on account of her husband’s extreme sexual demand. According to Zambia Observer, Minute Chola, of Talayi village, Milenge district, Luapula province, Zambia, has told the Milenge magistrate, Heaven Chimpandu that she has failed to sustain her husband’s bizarre sexual appetite. “I have been having irreconcilable differences with my husband, Maybin Chisala, 45, because of his unusual sexual demands, she stated in court. Minute testified that she was diagnosed with an illness and advised to reduce her sexual activity  and heavy duties, as the illness resurfaces every time she engages in marathon sex, but that her husband has totally refused to adhere to her doctor’s advice. “We have been married for seven years and my husband demands for sex from me even when I menstruating.  He also cheats on me because he engages in extramarital affairs, ”she stated. She added that more worse is the fact that her husband is a drunkard. According to her, Maybin  does not take care of their two children aged three and five and the other nine children he had from his previous marriage. In his defense, Maybin,  a head cook at Milenge Secondary School, said his wife is a talkative and has tarnished his image by  discussing their sexual affairs publicly. “She left our  bedroom  a few weeks ago, but I still love and consider her as my wife and I want her back, ”Maybin  stated. In his ruling, the magistrate, Chipandu granted the couple divorce but ruled that  Minute would not get any compensation because this was her second marriage, adding that she had failed to learn how to handle bedroom matters. “To you Maybin,  put your life in order and plan a proper future for these eleven children other than always thinking about sex and beer, ” Chipandu advised. The magistrate gave Minute  full custody of their two children and ordered Maybin  to give his ex-wife K300 as child support on a monthly basis. The couple were to share the property they jointly own.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE