In the wake of the recent #EndSARS protests that later became a national unrest, the Northern States Governors’ Forum (NSGF) is now set to commission and bankroll a study of both issues by the Centre for Historical Documentation and Research, Arewa House, Kaduna, with a view to forestalling future occurrences and mitigating the outcomes, particularly for the Northern region. Gov. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State disclosed this Saturday in Kaduna at the Golden Jubilee celebration of the establishment of the Arewa House which is affiliated to Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. ALSO READ: Edo Jailbreak: Over 30 escaped inmates return over the weekend A press statement signed by the special adviser on media and publicity to the governor, Muhammad Bello, said  Tambuwal who represented the Chairman of NSGF, Plateau state Governor, Simon Lalong, assured the Arewa House that its recommendations in the #EndSARS study would be implemented by the NSGF. Bello further said the governor also said the Forum is interested in commissioning another study on youths engagement and development with bias on job creation and entrepreneurship in Northern Nigeria. He later explained why it became necessary to undertake the study during a stakeholders meetings with a cross section of Kaduna people held at the Kaduna State University (KASU), noting that the lessons to be learnt from the fallout of the #EndSARS are many. Economically, “it runs into trillions of Naira,” he stated, emphasizing that had that kind of mayhem happened in the North, the region may not have been able to cope with it as it “doesn’t have money for the reconstruction” that would have been required. Pointing out that it is in the collective interest of the North to reject unrest and violence, Gov. Tambuwal who was in company of his Ekiti, Jigawa and Kaduna counterparts, urged all leaders in the region to be “accommodating and draw people closer.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.