A 30-year-old man, Lukuman Abobarin was on Wednesday arraigned at the Badagry Chief Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, over alleged stealing of three Toyota Sienna car doors belonging to Lagos State Government. Abobarin was arraigned on a count charge of stealing. The police prosecutor, ASP. Akpan Nkem told the court that the defendant committed the offence on Oct.21, at the Vehicle Inspection Service office, Oko Afo, Badagry area of Lagos He said that the defendant stole the three Toyota Sienna doors belonging to Lagos State Government. “The offence contravenes Section 287 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015,” the prosecutor said. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The Chief Magistrate, Mr Patrick Adekomaiya granted him bail in the sum of N200,000 with two sureties in like sum. The chief magistrate adjourned the case until Dec. 2, for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. alleged stealing Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. alleged stealing SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.