A Benin City-based human rights lawyer and notary public, Olayiwola Afolabi, has called on the Federal Government to institute a judicial panel of enquiry to investigate attacks on police officers by suspected hoodlums during the #EndSARS protest that went violent leading to the destruction of properties and loss of lives across the country. Afolabi, in a letter addressed to President Muhammadu Buhari, with copies to the Inspector General of Police, Senate President, Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Police Service Commission, commended the president for his prompt response to the demands of the protesters with the disbandment of Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and also the setting up of the Judicial Panel of Enquiry to look into the activities of the disbanded SARS personnel. “I, however, wish to bring to the attention of Your Excellency sir, that men of the Nigerian Police Force were also attacked by unscrupulous, never do well hoodlums, during the hijacked #EndSARS protest; inflicting grievous bodily harm on several of them”, the legal practitioner pointed out. According to him, “It is my belief that a Judicial Panel of Enquiry is set up to investigate the attacks on men of the Nigerian Police Force by these hoodlums in a bid to bring these persons to justice and shore up the confidence of the men of the Nigerian Police Force in the ability of the Nigerian government to protect them”. “It is in the light of the foregoing that I write to Your Excellency and appeal that a Judicial Panel of Enquiry as soon as possible to ensure that justice is not only seen to be done but actually done”, he pleaded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE JUST IN: Again, Herdsmen Destroy, Set Falae’s Farm Ablaze, Attack Workers Some herdsmen have reportedly invaded the farm of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Olu Falae, and attacked some of the workers on the farm after destroying it… #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now