For the second time, unknown gunmen have abducted Nigeria’s Ex-Super Eagles player, Christian Obodo. He was abducted Sunday evening along the popular Refinery Road, Effurun, near Warri, Uvwie Local Government Area in Delta State. It was gathered that one of his brothers confirmed the incident, saying the former Super Eagles player was kidnapped on Sunday evening while in a friend’s car. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, confirmed the incident to our correspondent on Monday morning. Sunday’s incident is the second time the former Udinese midfielder, Christian Obodo would be kidnapped. He was first abducted, sometime in June 2012 on a Saturday morning while on his way to church at Effurun, but was later rescued the following day outside the town. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Christian Obodo kidnapped Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. Christian Obodo kidnapped SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.