Delta Governor, Senator (Dr) Ifeanyi Okowa, has congratulated his Bayelsa counterpart, Senator Douye Diri, over Wednesday’s Supreme Court judgement which ratified his mandate. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, the Governor also congratulated the people of Bayelsa over the outcome of the case at the apex court, and expressed hope that it had put to rest every litigation as regards the gubernatorial election. He said that the verdict of the court was divine because the litany of legal battles regarding the Nov. 19, 2019 governorship election had constituted a huge distraction to governance in the state. Okowa urged Governor Diri to settle down to work and to remain focused in his determination to make life meaningful to Bayelsa people. “On behalf of my family, the government and the people of Delta, I congratulate my dear brother, Senator Douye Diri and his Deputy, Senator Lawrence Ewhrudjakpor, on their victory at the Supreme Court on Wednesday. “By this judgment, the Supreme Court has put to rest all contending issues on the governorship election in Bayelsa which had constitued a clog in the wheel of progress of the state. “It is indeed a great victory for Bayelsans and the entire Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nationwide. “Having laid to rest all contests regarding the office of Governor of Bayelsa, I therefore urge you my dear brother, to hit the ground running and make life more meaningful for Bayelsans whose mandate to you has again been affirmed by the apex court,” he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Okowa congratulates Diri  Okowa congratulates Diri #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Okowa congratulates Diri  Okowa congratulates Diri NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.