Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi has dissolved the leadership of the state elders in council forum chaired by Ambassador Franklin Ogbuewo. The dissolution came a few hours after the governor announced his defection to the All Progressives Congress. Umahi made this known in a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and State Orientation, Uchenna Orji on Wednesday. He maintained that the dissolution of the Ogbuewu-led executives was to inject ‘more altitude’ into the leadership. The governor then appointed  Ben Okah, to take over the leadership of the forum in acting capacity immediately. According to the statement: “In a bid to inject more altitude to the leadership of Ebonyi State Elders’ Council, the Governor of Ebonyi State, His Excellency Engr. Chief David Nweze Umahi FNSE FNATE has directed the dissolution of the leadership of the State Elders’ Council with effect from 18th November 2020. “Consequently, the governor has approved the appointment of  Engr Ben Okah to immediately take over  the chairmanship of  Elders’ Council in an acting capacity.” Recall that the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Child Development, Mrs Rebecca Ogbuewu, wife of Ambassador Ogbuewu last week submitted her resignation letter asUmahi’s commissioner. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.