The Federal Government (FG) has vowed to end impunity for crimes against members of the public including the journalists, the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has said. Dr Umar Gwandu, the Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations to the AGF, said in a statement that Malami disclosed this in a message commemorating the United Nations International Day to End Impunity for Crimes Against Journalists. The Minister said it is gratifying to note that Nigeria is no longer among the countries with impunity for crimes against journalists. The 2020 global index for impunity for crimes against journalists by the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), released on October 28, 2020, indicated that Nigeria is the only country that came off the index from 2019. Malami described the achievement as a result of deliberate and committed efforts of the President Muhammadu Buhari led Federal Government through the implementation of many reforms in the Nigerian justice sector to include increased access to justice, speedy justice dispensation, decongestion of Nigeria’s correctional centres and judicious implementation of the Criminal Justice Act and Justice Sector reforms. He expressed optimism that with a solid foundation of reformed justice sector to be bequeathed by Buhari Administration, never again will Nigeria feature among nations where journalists, citizens and inhabitants of the country will suffer from any form of impunity in the future. ALSO READ: Over 300 hoodlums vandalised NPA headquarters, destroyed 60 vehicles ― Bala Usman The Minister said the recent developments in Nigeria’s international arbitration against P&ID and some international oil companies are, but indicators of resolute determination of the Federal Government to bring to an end the era of impunity and lack of adherence to due diligence and rule of law in governmental operations. He said that it could be recalled that in the last decade, before the advent of the present administration, Nigeria ranked 13th across the globe and used to be among top three African countries with impunity for crimes against journalists only after Somalia and South Sudan. While expressing commitment to maintaining the tempo, Malami said there was no room for complacency in ensuring serene online and offline atmosphere of journalism practice in the country. He noted that with the development of information and communication technology and as the internet became a veritable tool for mass-mediated communication, the Minister said the government is working to ensure the safety of journalists against rhetorical aggression, trolling, the incursion of privacy, phishing and cyber-attacks. He stated further that with the implementation of cybercrime Act 2015, the incidences of cyber-related crimes would be minimised and urged journalists to adhere strictly to the ethical provisions of their profession and refrain from misinformation and fake news. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   FG vows to end impunity for crimes against journalists SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.