The World Health Organisation (WHO), Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, says there are over 1.9 million confirmed COVID-19 cases on the African continent. The UN health agency on Thursday gave the update on the WHO African Region COVID-19 Dashboard. WHO stated that there were more than 1.9 million confirmed COVID-19 cases on the African continent – with more than 1.6 million recoveries and 45,000 deaths cumulatively. South Africa, Kenya and Algeria were countries with the highest number of reported confirmed cases. According to the dashboard, South Africa reported 740,254 cases and 19,951 deaths; Kenya had 64,588 reported cases and 1,154 deaths while Algeria reported 63,446 and 2,077 deaths. The dashboard also stated that Nigeria had reported 64,336 cases and 1,160 deaths from COVID-19. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. COVID-19 cases Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. COVID-19 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.