The Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN) Justice Tanko Muhammad, on Monday, expressed worry over the delay in Nigeria’s justice delivery system. The delay in justice delivery system, he said, “has been a source of great concern to me as it must be to you all. “This unacceptable situation inevitably dictates the need for a thorough and comprehensive reform of our justice sector to ensure access to justice at affordable costs and within a reasonable time.” Given the constitutional role of the judiciary, the CJN noted that it was important that citizens enjoy easy access to courts as this will help them ventilate their grievances and their cases adjudicated upon. The CJN stated this at the virtual opening ceremony of the 2020 all Nigeria Judges’ Conference of Lower Courts, holding at the National Judicial Institute (NJI), Abuja. ALSO READ: Lagos releases 2020 BECE results In her welcome address, the Administrator, NJI, Justice Rosaline Bozimo (rtd) said the biennial event has always been a stock-taking one for judges of the lower courts from all over the country. “It also provides a platform to strategise on the means of adopting global best practices to meet critical challenges in the dispensation of justice to all in Nigeria. She said the lower courts remain an ever-present and enduring necessity to all Nigerians, and therefore “it cannot be overemphasised that the need for a forum such as this is necessary to propel you to perform optimally. “As we are all aware, justice is the foundation of the rule of law. The judiciary, as the third arm of government has a very important role to play in the enthronement of the rule of law; even to the people at the grassroots. “It is the duty of the judiciary to administer justice according to the law to all and sundry; whether high or low, rich or poor, to public and private institutions as well as to individuals or government without fear or favour, affection or ill will.” The year’s theme is “The role of lower courts in promoting justice and good governance in Nigeria. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.