The economic growth in Nigeria is very slow and the country is suffering from all forms of challenges; recessions, unemployment, security challenges, environmental destructions, high rate of mortality, destruction of farmland, low yields of agricultural products and strike actions among many other challenges in addition to the current problems caused by the COVID- 19 pandemic. There is urgent need for the introduction of new economy blueprints to address the various problems.  All institutions must work very hard and government must introduce new policies, create an enabling environment and support different investments and technical change to grow the bio – economy. Government must also have strong political will to work it out and implement the different economic policies to drive the economy and solve the numerous problems facing the nation. There is also the need for introduction of new approaches to strengthen all types of agricultural innovations being operated by an individuals and organisations that are indirectly supporting cultivations, land preparations, marketing, harvesting, processing , storage systems,    instead of using the old  traditional  agricultural system in  the country.   The only way out of this is to build the capacity of stakeholders in the documentation of the various innovations and support them with enough human capital and opportunity to collaborate with donor partners to support the different initiatives. Government must be in the frontline of supporting the agric food and transformation systems aimed at promoting agricultural innovations in the country and with a new vision for scaling up the different innovation systems. Michael Adedotun Oke talentupgradeglobalconcept@gmail.com  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.