A coalition of forty five Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) in Bayelsa State have dragged the State Governor, Senator Douye Diri, the State House of Assembly and four of his aides before the State High Court in Yenagoa on the need for the state to make public the status of the state finances, lists of loans obtained and debt profile from 2015 till date. The Four aides to the Bayelsa State Governor listed as respondents in the suit include the Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, the Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, Commissioner for Health and Commissioner for Education. The Claimant in the suit on behalf of the forty five NGOs is Comrade Kemedengiyefa Opia, is the secretary general of Bayelsa Non-Governmental Organizations Forum (BANGOF). The forty five members of BANGOF in the suit numbered YHC/183/2020 and made available to newsmen in Yenagoa, are asking the State High Court to issue an order of mandamus compelling the defendants to make available information on the accounts of the State for the period between 2015 to 2019 in line with the pursuance of the Freedom of Information Act, 2011. ALSO READ: First innovation hub launches in Abeokuta “We are also seeking an order of mandamus compelling the Executive Governor, Senator Douye Diri to make public the debt profile, account balance and what the present administration inherited from the previous administration as at February 14th, 2020.” “An order of mandamus compelling the executive Governor, Senator Douye Diri to make public the total work force of the State Civil Service, monthly wage bill, list of loans obtained for projects and the level of implementation as at 14th February, 2020.” It could be recalled that the suit by the groups is coming few days after the State House of Assembly approved the sum of N17billion loan request by the State Governor, Senator Douye Diri to boost the economy of the state and enhance good governance. The approval, which was done on Wednesday after the return of members, was sequel to a motion moved by the Leader of the House, Rt. Hon. Monday Bubou Edwin Obolo and seconded by Hon Charles Daniel, member representing Brass Constituency 1. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.