Following the ultimatum issued by the organised labour in Ondo State last Thursday over the non-payment of accumulated salaries and deductions of workers in the state, the state government has agreed to meet the workers’ union on Monday, November 23. The state Head of Service, Mr Dare Aragbaiye who disclosed this also assured the union of government’s readiness to meet with the leadership of the union in order to find a lasting solution to the issues raised by the workers. The labour movement which includes the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC), Trade Union Congress (TUC) and the Joint Negotiating Council (JNC) has written to the state government to urgently convene a meeting with the labour leaders on or before Friday, November 27, 2020, or face industrial action by the workers. According to the workers the state government had failed to honour various previous agreements reached with the union over their demands on salaries and deductions payment, noting that this has also been affecting the state tertiary institutions. The labour unions said the state government had failed to honour various previous agreements reached with the state government’s over their demands on salaries and deductions payment. The unions, however, issued gave an eight-day ultimatum to the state government to settle workers’ accumulated salaries and deductions or face industrial action. The Chairman, Joint Negotiating Council (JNC), Niyi Fabunmi said the state government had failed to honour previous agreements reached over their demands on salaries and deductions. Fabunmi said the organized labour has a duty to protect the interest of the state workers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.