THE Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) has elected new members of its national executive for the next four years; following a keenly contested election that ended its 2nd Quadrennial National Delegates Conference held at the NAF Center, Abuja. Comrade Mohammed Haruna Ibrahim, emerged the new National President of the Union and took over the leadership of SSANU from Comrade Samson Ugwoke, who had led the Union for about eight years. Other elected members of the executive are: Dr Leku Ador Leku, National Deputy President; Abdussobor Salaam, Vice President (West); Audu Isa, Vice President (North East); Ken Njoku, Vice President (South East); Abdulmalik Yunus, Vice President (North West); Azuma Chetan, Vice President (South-South); and Emmanuel Nyiyongo, Vice President (North Central). Others include Emmanuel Item, National Treasurer; Comrade M. J. Akanbi, National Financial Secretary; Jafar Bage, National Public Relations Officer; Aliyu Adamu, National Internal Auditor; Agnes Nti, Women leader; and Remilekun Sanni, Deputy Women leader. In his acceptance speech, Comrade Haruna Ibrahim, said the members of the SSANU have used their votes to commit him to the onerous task of rebuilding, repositioning, and retooling this Union. He said: “You will all agree with me that there are myriads of challenges and toothaches bedevilling the union in recent history. Conscious of our challenging circumstances and the many bitter experiences we have had as a Union, I want to state that the task ahead of us, every one of us, is no mean task. “It is not going to be a walk in the pack. But it is possible to reposition SSANU; rebuild friendship; forge new alliances; inject patriotism, restore and shore up confidence among the ranks of SSANU membership. Yes, it is possible to start a new beginning.” The new president added: “On the strength of the above, great comrades, and in furtherance of my promise to run an all-inclusive administration, may I now extend a warm hand of comradely fellowship to my brother, friend and senior comrade: Comrade Solomon Alfa, the erstwhile SSANU National Vice President, North, with whom I share a common vision of a greater, more responsive and beneficial SSANU. “The past few months have witnessed an intense but peaceful effort on the part of all contestants to emerge victoriously. But today, I declare that we are all victorious; SSANU is victorious. The future of SSANU is assured and bright by the grace of God. “As I congratulate us on this feat, please be assured that the days ahead of us shall be momentous. In the coming days, the new NAC will unfold a road map that will guide our short, medium, and long term projections. We will no longer walk in darkness. The commencement of the great and golden era of SSANU is now.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.