Following the defection of Governor Dave Umahi from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the consequent dissolution of the Ebonyi State Exco of the party, a new caretaker committee has been constituted to take charge of its affairs. The National Working Committee (NWC) announced the setting up of the committee in Abuja on Wednesday morning. A statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, informed that the setting up of the state caretaker committee to pilot the affairs of the party in Ebonyi state is in line with the provisions of the constitution of the PDP. The committee is headed by Hon. Fred Udeogu as Chairman while Barr. Luke Nkwegu is Secretary. Members of the committee include Dr Gideon Osi (Publicity Secretary), Hon. James Alaka (Organising Secretary), Mrs Amaka Igboke (Women Leader), Barr Mudi Irenede (Legal Adviser), and Barr. Ibeshi (Youth Leader). The statement explained that the decision of the NWC in this regard is pursuant to the powers conferred on it by the provisions of the PDP Constitution (2017 as amended). “All our leaders, members and teeming supporters in Ebonyi state and the southeast are by this guided accordingly,” it stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.