The Lagos State House of Assembly has disclosed that the 2021 Appropriation Bill before the house will be passed before the end of the year 2020. The Speaker of the Assembly, Mudashiru Obasa, who made the disclosure during the plenary session held in Lagos, beseeched all standing committees of the house that served as sub-committees for the Budget and Economic Planning to work assiduously for the budget to be passed before December 31. “The second reading of the 2021 budget has been done and all the sub-committees should hasten work on it. “The house will do all the necessary work on it so that the budget can be returned to the governor for his assent on December 31,” he said. The speaker also enjoined Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) to endeavour to show up to defend their budget when called upon by the budget committees. It will be recalled that Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu on November 10, presented a budget of N1.16 trillion to the State House of Assembly for approval for the 2021 fiscal year. The 2021 budget estimates titled: “Budget of Rekindled Hope”, is higher than the 2020 budget, after it was reduced to N920.5 billion due to challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. Sanwo-Olu said the 2021 budget had a total revenue of N962.53 billion and Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) of N795.74 billion. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.