Former Minister of State for Education, Kenneth Gbagi, has faulted the claim of a member of the British parliament, Tom Tugendhat, that former military Head of State, Yakubu Gowon, looted ‘half of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)’ while in office. Tugendhat made the allegation on Monday when British lawmakers debated a petition calling for sanctions against Nigerian government officials alleged human rights abuses amidst the #EndSARS protests. The chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in a statement he personally signed and issued to newsmen in Abuja described the allegation as grossly misleading, unsubstantiated and “an attempt by the lawmaker to smear the image of one of Nigeria’s outstanding and finest leaders.” Even as he dismissed Tom Tugendhat claim as falsehood, the former Minister said Nigeria’s former colonial overlord “cannot extricate or exempt itself of whatever blames that it may try to apportion to the nation’s leaders through its representatives in parliament.” Honourable Gbagi said the allegation was meant to ridicule former African leaders. ALSO READ: Buhari welcomes APPO headquarters to Abuja The statement read in part: “I followed with keen interest the debate on the floor of the British Parliament, sequel to a petition received and signed by twenty-three thousand persons against Nigerian government officials over human rights abuses during the #EndSARS protest in Nigeria. “The proceedings, however, assumed a disturbing and twisted dimension with Tugendhat’s contribution which generalised and portrayed Nigerian leaders as self-serving kleptocrats citing Yakubu Gowon as an example. “For the records, the British Government before and after Nigeria’s independence has continued to be a key stakeholder in the governance of the country and, therefore, cannot extricate or exempt itself of whatever blames that it may try to apportion to the nation’s leaders through its representatives in parliament. “To set things straight for the purpose of clarification, Yakubu Gowon remains one of the country’s Elder-statesmen alive without blemish in his service records. “To say otherwise would require Tugendhat to prove his allegation which already taints the debate as having a sinister motive aimed at ridiculing African leaders within the context of labelling them as “irresponsible and corrupt” so as to strengthen British influence and advance their interests within the continent. “The British Parliament member must be made to provide evidence of where Gowon stashed the looted funds from the Central Bank of Nigeria or immediately directed by the leadership of Parliament to withdraw his statement and tender an apology publicly to the Nigerian leader same way he decimated his personality before the international community.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE     Alleged ‘looting’ of CBN: British parliamentarian unfair to Gowon ― Ex-minister SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.