President Muhammadu Buhari has sent heartfelt condolences to government and people of the Republic of Mali over the passing of former President, Amadou Toumani Toure. A statement issued by Garba Shehu Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Wednesday said the president commiserated with the family of the departed Malian leader, “whose ten-year reign in the country contributed to the strengthening of political institutions, and measure of stability, starting with his presiding over a peaceful transition in the country as a military leader.” It said President Buhari joined world leaders, particularly those from ECOWAS, in mourning the former President, “whose wisdom and foresight also impacted greatly on the West Coast, as he always advocated dialogue over conflict, and believed strongly in the African voice.” The President prayed for the repose of the soul of the former Malian leader. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.Buhari condoles with Mali Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.Buhari condoles with Mali BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America.Buhari condoles with Mali According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.Buhari condoles with Mali  Buhari condoles with Mali NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.