President Muhammadu Buhari has warmly felicitated with foremost jurist, Owelle of Ogwashi Uku, Chief George Uwechue, SAN, on his 82nd birthday. A statement issued, in Abuja, on Sunday, by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) said the president joined friends and family to celebrate with the legal luminary, “whose antecedents continue to inspire many in nation-building, particularly in law, leadership and development issues.” It said the President joined the Nigerian Bar Association and Body of Benchers, which he served as a Chairman for some years, in congratulating the statesman, “who in spite of his national and global achievements, has steadily remained relevant in community development, setting up structures and creating opportunities for others to rise in life.” The statement noted that as the octogenarian marked another age, President Buhari commended his contributions to national development, through legal practice and law-making, gaining prominence as a two-term member of the House of Representatives and Speaker pro tempore. The President prayed for longer life and good health for the Owelle of Ogwashi Uku. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Buhari felicitates George Uwechue at 82 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now