Governor Dave Umahi who recently announced his exit from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was deceived to join the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), the PDP National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, has alleged. Inaugurating the newly constituted caretaker committee of the party for the Ebonyi State chapter, in Abuja, on Monday, the party boss also said the governor was being used to “test the depth of the water.” He alleged that the Federal Government was trying to take away the South-East from the PDP but would not succeed. Represented by the Deputy National Chairman, Senator Suleiman Nazeephy, he affirmed that the APC has nothing to offer to Umahi that he did not already have in the PDP. He said the Ebonyi governor will, therefore, wander and return to the PDP in the end. The party boss assured that the PDP remained the party of Ebonyi State and the South-East, expressing confidence that the party would continue to win all elections conducted in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Umahi was deceived to join APC ― Secondus SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.