IN the just concluded week, the World Bank stated that it expects inflow of diaspora remittance to Nigeria to drop by $2 billion to $21.7 billion in 2020, from the $23.8 billion it printed in 2019. According to the World Bank report, the decline in remittances from Nigerians living abroad was amid COVID-19 pandemic and the attendant economic crisis which negatively affected most foreign countries. Specifically, weak economic growth and employment levels in migrant–hosting countries as well as weak oil prices remained the major contributing factors. In the Washington-based institution report, titled ‘Migration and Development Brief 33’, the steepest drop in diaspora remittances is expected in Europe (by 16 per cent) and Central Asia (eight per cent), followed by East Asia, the Pacific and the Middle East, amongst others. Despite the anticipated decline in remittances, the World Bank noted that it will still serve as an important source of external financing for Low and Middle-Income Countries (LMICs) given the quantum of inflow in 2019. Remittance flows to LMICs was $548 billion in 2019, higher than foreign direct investment inflows (FDI) worth $534 billion. Nigeria was the seventh largest recipient amongst LMICs in 2019. “We note that the projected decline in diaspora remittance is negative for the country’s currency pairs against others, particularly Naira/US$. Meanwhile, we expect the low-yield environment to be sustained despite the recent increase in credit to the government as excess liquidity continues to dominate the financial system,” analysts from Cowry Assets Management Limited said in a note to clients.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine
THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke
What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning
IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again 
AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE