The Minister of Transportation, Hon. Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that locomotives on Abuja-Kaduna rail route that have broken down up to two times will be returned to China. Speaking during an inspection in Lagos on Monday, Amaechi noted that “it is worrisome that these locomotives that are brand new are failing.” He explained that the locomotives have a warranty that covers them for over four years, adding that the government was considering returning them to China. Amaechi explained that it was unreasonable to keep repairing the locomotives since their warranty is still valid. “This will affect the number of times the train will now run on the route,” the Minister stated. It will be recalled that on November 20, the Abuja-Kaduna train stopped in the middle of the journey rendering passengers stranded. This will not be the first time the new acquired locomotives will be failing on Abuja-Kaduna rail route. The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) had said the locomotive breakdown was due to failed turbocharge. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.