The Niger Delta Power Holding Company of Nigeria (NDPHC) at the weekend, said it would commence a comprehensive audit of all its National Integrated Power Plants (NIPP) for improved power generation. It said the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, who is the Board Chairman, had given the new executive management a marching order to bring back all the gas turbine units that are not in good condition. Speaking during a tour of three power plants; Omotosho, Ogorode, and Ihovbor (Benin) generation companies, the Executive Director, Generation, NDPHC Mr Abdullahi Kassim, said the audit will give an overview of critical issues that have hindered the plants from working optimally. He explained that the audit would cover issues touching on security, inadequate manpower, skills and expertise gap, among others. “We are going to commence an audit of all the power plants. The audit will give us an overview of critical issues. Like the security audit will expose the challenges around security, like the mapping of all those security personnel around the power plants, the manpower gap which was an issue raised by some of the COOs. “Now, we will do an audit to understand how many people we have on those power plants, what are the needed skills and expertise and the gaps which we need to quickly fix. “So the audit is going be a holistic approach to understand the general operational issues that will include the administrative issues, the maintenance issues, transportation and logistics issues, security issues and also the environmental issues in terms of how these power plants are supposed to be standardised to meet up with the international standards of operating power plants,” he stated. ALSO READ: Zabarmani massacre: Testament of Buhari’s failure ― PDP Abdullahi also disclosed that NDPHC has initiated stakeholders engagements aimed at improving evacuation of power from all power plants in the country. “There are ongoing engagement with TCN, NERC, NBET trying to have a very good understanding and strategy on how we improve on our evacuation. Discussion is ongoing with the key stakeholders, there will be some follow-up meetings in the next one week or so. So then we can agree to some terms on understanding how we can improve in the evacuation because most of the power plants are in NDPHC,” he added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    NDPHC to audit all NIPPS for improved power generation SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now