Stanley Whittingham Lithium-ion batteries were created in 1970, when there was an oil crisis. They had to make a rechargeable battery that would replace oil. A team of scientists started working but they were not aware that they would make a lithium-ion battery. Stanley Whittingham, who then worked for Exxon mobile, started working on a battery that would charge quickly. He made a battery, but in the first test, there was a fire because he made a battery using lithium and titanium. A short circuit occurred and a fire broke out. After a failed attempt to make the battery safe to use, he gave up the experiment. John B. Goodenough Stanley Whittingham’s work was continued in 1980 by John B. Goodenough, an engineer at the University of Texas at Austin. Instead of lithium and titanium, he made a combination of lithium cobalt oxide and, surprisingly, doubled the battery power and capacity while making it safer to use. Akira Yoshino After a few years, another engineer and scientist decided to try to improve and upgrade the lithium battery. His name is Akira Yoshino and he then worked at Meijo University in Nagoya, Japan. Instead of lithium as an anode, he used petroleum coke and made a battery that is even safer and has even more capacity. It was actually the first prototype of a lithium-ion battery. Electron Microscopy And Spectrometry Were it not for these three discoveries, we wouldn’t have lithium-ion batteries as they currently are. These batteries power our precious mobile phones, kitchen and home wireless devices, power tools, laptops, electric vehicles such as scooters, bicycles, motorcycles and cars. Fortunately, research and development of the lithium-ion battery didn’t stop. It was necessary to make such a battery even safer to use and increase its energy capacity. Thanks to electron microscopy and spectrometry, the scientists were able to create 2D and 3D images with which they could study the battery that was made so far and improve it in terms of quality, capacity, safety and even work in all weather conditions. Scientists from UC San Diego added silicone to the anode battery to keep the battery running at low and high temperatures, primarily for use in electric cars. Nobel Prize Three scientists: Stanley Whittingham, John B. Goodenough and Akira Yoshino, were nominated in 2019 for the Nobel Prize. Were it not for them, we wouldn’t have lithium-ion batteries in almost all devices and appliances. Of course, there were many other scientists who worked on lithium-ion batteries, but these three scientists contributed to the creation of the lithium-ion battery the most. Lithium-ion batteries are still being improved today to keep pace with advances in technology but also to preserve the environment. Lithium-Ion Batteries Today We have 5 types of lithium-ion batteries and 4 shapes. The types are Lithium-Cobalt Oxide batteries (used for mobile phones, cameras and laptops), Lithium-Thitanate batteries (used for electric cars, bikes, scooters, motors), Lithium-Nickel Manganese Cobalt Oxide batteries (used for electric cars, bikes, scooters, motors, but for electric trains as well), Lithium-Manganese Oxide batteries (mostly used in hybrid cars) and Lithium-Iron Phosphate batteries (used for power tools, household appliances and medical equipment). Each battery has its application because it differs not only in the materials from which they are made but also from the capacity of the battery itself. The forms of lithium-ion batteries that we currently have are small cylindrical, large cylindrical, pouch (flat) and prismatic. Flat batteries are the most widely used and are found in mobile phones, tablets and laptops. Lithium-ion batteries have many advantages, but limitations as well, so we can safely say that big breakthroughs are coming our way in the near future regarding new battery technology.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE