The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has congratulated United States President-elect, Joe Biden, on his successful election as the 46th President of the country. The party also congratulated Americans for a successful and peaceful election in strict adherence to democratic principles and extant laws of their country, despite the intense competition. In a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary in Abuja, on Sunday, the main opposition party asserted that the election is a lesson to leaders that power resides with the people and that there is a limit to how any individual can hold a people to ransom. The party posited that the United States’ Presidential election presents lessons to Nigeria’s emerging electoral system, particularly on the independence of the electoral body as well as showing respect for the rights of the citizens to democratically choose their leaders, irrespective of preferences or predilections of incumbents. It added: “Indeed, the manifest non-interference by the security forces and the judiciary in the US election calls out the current situation in our country where security agencies and compromised judicial officers are used to muzzle election and subvert the will of the people as largely witnessed in the last five years, particularly in the 2019 general elections. “The US election also serves as a strong lesson to our nation on the need to strengthen our institutions while focusing on our processes and rules instead of strengthening individuals.” ALSO READ: Kwara has paid N1bn counterpart funding across different sectors ― Governor The PDP urged the US President-elect to use his new office to promote world unity, peace, global economic, political and international trade collaborations with a focus on Africa as well as the developing world. It recalled that the United States and Nigeria have a long history of robust diplomatic relationship based on mutual respect and cooperation in critical sectors, with many enduring cultural, political, economic and social affinities which should be strengthened for more global development. The PDP wished Biden, a successful tenure and urged Nigerians to use the US election as a catalyst and preparatory template to consolidate on the nation’s democratic processes ahead of subsequent general elections in the country. The party also charged President Muhammadu Buhari to draw lessons from the post-Election remarks of the US President-elect “by addressing the divisive tendencies, nepotism and marginalisation which characterise his administration as well as other actions and policies that threaten the stability, unity and development of our nation.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   PDP congratulates Joe Biden on winning US presidential poll SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE