Kidnappers in the early hours of Monday stormed Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) staff quarters in Samaru, Zaria and abducted a staff member of the university. Tribune Online reports the staff member of the university was initially taken alongside his wife and daughter. A statement released by the Director of Public Affairs Directorate, Auwalu Umar on Monday disclosed that immediately the staff was abducted the university security put a distress call to the police intelligence response team. The statement remarked the response team arrived at the scene and there was an exchange of fire between the police and kidnappers. “When it was clear that they would be overpowered, the kidnappers ran into the bush along with the victims. “As the police went after them up to Kasuwar Da’a village bordering the university, the kidnappers then released the wife and the daughter and went away with the husband. “The Inspector-General of Police and other security agencies as well as relevant government establishments have been duly informed of the unfortunate incident. “The Vice-Chancellor urged the university community to remain calm and vigilant to avoid the recurrence of the incident.” When contacted, the police spokesman, ASP Mohammed Jalige said that they are on top of the situation. The latest development was coming after 48 hours when nine students of the university were released by kidnappers after a ransom of N9m was paid. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.