Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has assured Igbos that the state will continue to be home to them saying that he is not chasing Igbos out of the state. He gave the assurance during a meeting with South-East Governors, the leadership of Ohanaeze Ndi-Igbo and the Igbo community in Rivers State at Government House, Port Harcourt on Sunday. The governor said that in the wake of the Oyigbo crisis, people peddled the rumour that he is chasing Igbos out of Rivers State denying that it was not true because the state has an enduring relationship with the Igbos. “Tell your people, Rivers people will continue to live together with Igbos.  Don’t allow your sons to tell you lies. Igbos are innovative and hardworking.  There can’t be Nigeria without Igbos. Nobody should take them for granted. But that doesn’t mean you must allow criminals to spoil your name. “If I hate Igbos, I won’t appoint your son into my state cabinet two times. But you have to obey rules. Don’t allow criminals to dictate to you”. ALSO READ: Air Force task force neutralises several armed bandits in Kaduna ― DHQ The Chairman of the South-East Governors Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi, in his remarks at the meeting warned Igbos to be wary of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) because the outlawed group is trying to instigate another civil war. He said they were in Rivers State to ascertain the veracity of the news circulating in the social media over alleged killing of Igbo people living in the state adding that their findings have proved otherwise. Umahi after listening to Governor Wike’s narration of the atrocious activities of IPOB in Oyigbo that culminated in the imposition of a curfew on the entire Local Government, warned Igbos to be wary of IPOB as the group was bent on instigating another civil war. The governor said he finds it nauseating that IPOB could go to Benue and Rivers State to foist its flag and claim the territories belong to the Igbo people. According to him, Igbo leadership are opposed to this stance by IPOB. Umahi, who revealed that he has a huge investment in Rivers State, urged Igbos living in the State to respect the Government and people of Rivers State in order for them to continue to live and do business in the state peacefully. According to him, Ndi-Igbos cannot support any form of criminality. Also speaking, the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo said the meeting has reinforced the existing affinity between Igbos and the people of Niger Delta. He described Governor Wike as a champion of restructuring of Nigeria and a man who loves justice. He explained that the leadership of Igbos cannot remain aloof while some misguided few who did not experience the brutal reality of the last civil war continue to fan the ember of disunity. Nwodo, said he was elated to hear from Igbo leaders that under the leadership of Governor Wike Igbo businesses have continued to thrive. Former Rivers State Governor, Dr Peter Odili, lauded the Igbo leaders for the peace initiative and decision to visit Governor Wike. He stated that every governor desires peace to govern and Governor Wike is no exception. He stressed that the people of the State endorse every measure taken by Governor Wike to ensure lasting peace in the State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE