In the last couple of weeks we have been looking at the issue of attacking laziness through the power of diligence. We saw the fact that we must not slide into the mucky waters of laziness and we began looking at the components of diligence. We looked at steady effort and careful hard work. Today we will see other components of diligence. Focus There are many things fighting for our attention and if care is not taken we will be jack of all trades and master of none. The multiplicity of things fighting for our attention can make us dissipate our energies on so many things thereby making us ineffective. A diligent person knows exactly what he wants done per time and he sticks to it till he gets it finished. Diligence involves putting to bear all our resources in the right direction. “Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren’t sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.”  John Carmack A diligent person is self disciplined. He does not allow emotions, adversity or opposition to make him abandon his work. Planning To be diligent involves being able to plan – knowing exactly what needs to be done and mapping out plans to get these things accomplished. Time spent in planning is a great determinant in the outcome of our endeavors. “Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.” Abraham Lincoln To succeed one must have a right perspective to failure and disappointment. “The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done…you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.” Lil Wayne Diligence doesn’t just plan but takes action. We must be careful not to be all plan and no action, “Have a bias towards action – let’s see something happen now. You can break that big plan into small steps and take the first step right away.” Indira Gandhi The legal requirement Diligence requires knowing the legal requirement of attention and care needed to do a good job. We must realize that every endeavour, assignment and responsibility has a way it ought to be done. There are rules, regulations, guidelines and procedures to be followed. A diligent person does not just do things anyhow. He is disciplined to know the right method and to follow it. He is aware of and complies with the legal requirement, attention and care required in getting things done. There is no greater tragedy than a man gifted, talented and endowed with special ability and skill but who is not diligent. We need to attack and destroy laziness by the application of diligence. CONCLUDED  “Confidence and hard work is the best medicine to kill the disease called failure. It will make you successful person. “ Abdul Kalam FOR ENQUIRIES AND COMMENTS PLEASE SEND EMAIL TO Charismokola @yahoo.com  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.