The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has disclosed that he would join other good intentioned Nigerians to take the youth’s EndSARS agitations serious, saying he had been a victim of police brutality in the past. This was as the Minister of Trade, Industry and Investment, Chief Adeniyi Adebayo, assured Nigerians that President Muhammadu Buhari would listen and implement all the demands made by the youth during the EndSARS protest. The duo spoke in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital, on Sunday, during an interactive session held by stakeholders’ on the recent #EndSARS protest that resonated panic across the country. Governor Fayemi said the case of police brutality was one issue that affects every facet of the society, revealing that he was a victim ahead of the 2014 governorship poll in the state while seeking re-election. Fayemi, who was defeated in the June 21, 2014 election by his predecessor, Mr Ayodele Fayose, had prior to the election was allegedly teargassed by a team police operatives at Mugbagba area of Ado Ekiti while some APC governor were prevented from entering the state to campaign for him having been allegedly stopped by security agencies at the borders. Describing the youths as the engine room of the nation’s economy, Fayemi stated that there was a need for the governments at all levels to partner the youth for sustainable peace and development. He said: “I am a victim of police brutality myself. You could all recall what happened to me during my election of 2014 when I was teargassed. But some policemen had also rendered good services to me, so not all of them are bad. “The EndSARS protest was a noble course. It was supported here in Ekiti not because of those involved, but for the reason behind the action which we believe would help the police to do theirs. “The youth protest in Ekiti was well-intentioned and peaceful. Right to peaceful protest is an inalienable right. For the first time, we have a panel of inquiries at every level of government to tackle our issues. We must not resort to violence as a solution to our agitations. We must all speak in unison against violence as we did in unison against Police brutality. “Our youth are angry because as they were coming out of the closure of schools over coronavirus pandemic, they entered into ASUU strike, then there is hunger in the land and the harsh economic situation in our country. “The government has done many intervention programmes and had proscribed SARS and introduced youth investment fund and many others as a response to the youth agitations. “I commiserate with the families of those who paid the supreme price. We identify with them. The panels that we set up will look into the reasons behind the protest and how best to address the issues raised because EndSARS protest had placed a moral burden on all of us that we must be vigilant. ALSO READ: Restructuring, only solution to Nigeria’s challenges ― Cleric “Police must be motivated to do well. Policemen must be well remunerated. There must be good motivation for the police to be able to discharge their duties effectively.” Also giving reassurance that President Buhari will implement all the issues raised by the youth, Adebayo said: “The purpose why we are here today is that, all the Ministers working under President Buhari got a presidential order to hold interactions with the people. Mr President listens to people. He wanted to use this interaction to feel the pulse of all Nigerians. “We appreciate Governor Fayemi for setting us a panel to inquire about police brutality and other issues that are connected. As your representative at the FEC, I will continue to do my best to represent Ekiti well.” He advised the youth to always apply for any youth-oriented programmes being rolled out by the Federal Government and stop having the erroneous impression that they won’t be enlisted as beneficiary, saying, “apply first and see what happens.” In his contributions, the Assistant Inspector General of Police, Zone 17, comprising Ondo and Ekiti, Mr David Folawiyo, said the EndSARS protest had actually exhumed fundamental issues indicative of the rots in the system. “Ultimate power belongs to the masses, especially the youth. The EndSARS agitations didn’t state that the police were bad, but they said the SARS operatives were bad. We agreed that there were bad eggs in the SARS but in most cases, people were the ones requesting for SARS services. “We know that we have to restructure the police and that will be done. But we should all work together to make police effective. We should all be patriotic and once we have this spirit, there won’t be SARS again. The police must be well equipped and ultimately, we must all collaborate to end SARS.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.