One of the largest construction companies in Nigeria, Lubrik Construction Company, LCC, has donated a world class, club house building to the Army Guards Polo Club. This special partnership with the Nigerian Army will produce a state-of-the-art club house building, at the Guards Polo Club, Abuja, in 8months. The brick laying ceremony which held on Saturday, during the ongoing Nigerian National Polo Tournament in Abuja, was attended by many dignitaries. Some include the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General T. Y Buratai, who was ably represented by Major General H.R. Momoh; the Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Halliru Dauda-Jika; the Minister of State for Labour and Productivity, Festus Keyamo (SAN); The Chairman of LCC, Alhaji Nasiru Danu (Dan Amanar Dutse), and the Guards Polo Club Chairman, Ambassador Sani Bala, amongst other notable guests and Senior Officers of the Nigerian Army. ALSO READ: Fayose at 60: His doggedness stands him out ― Akeredolu During the ceremony, the LCC Chairman, Alhaji Nasiru Danu, said LCC was moved to carry out this project having observed the level of progress in the Nigerian Army under the leadership of Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General T. Y Buratai. According to him, the project, which is billed to begin within two weeks, will be completed in eight months. He said: “We have observed the level of progress and transformation in the Nigerian Army under the leadership of Lt. General T. Y Buratai, that is why we decided to key in by joining the Nigerian Army in building a reputable world-class polo facility which will cost over half a billion Naira from start to finish. Alhaji Nasiru added that other private sector players as well as many Nigerian Banks are also coming to partner with us, to make this project a reality. “This is just the beginning as I have the belief that the Nigerian Army will go round the country, replicating this edifice and build their legacies, especially in the games of polo.” In his response, Lt. General Buratai, who was represented by Major General Momoh, thanked LCC for the gesture and commended the construction company for showing commitment to the welfare of men of the Nigerian Army. He also advocated for a partnership that will continue to flourish, for the benefit of all Nigerians. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.