Renowned cleric, Bishop Sunday Garuba, has declared that all the conspiracies against President Muhammadu Buhari and the country through the EndSARS protests will end in futility. Bishop Garuba made the proclamation on Friday at Day 2 of the ongoing 21 Days Special Prayer and Fasting organised by National Inter-Faith and Religious Organizations for Peace (NIFROP). Bishop Garuba, NIFROP’s National Coordinator, noted that demonic forces indeed ganged up against the country using the EndSARS protest to accomplish their evil desires against Nigeria. But for divine intervention, he said the nation would have been history by now with the destructions and loss of lives from the violent mass action. Bishop Garuba also revealed that ” forces of evil also succeeded in hijacking a genuine aspiration by Nigerian youths to see to an end to police brutality”. According to the Christian cleric, the prayers is intended to set the wrath of God against all those that have constituted themselves into principalities to destroy Nigeria. At the end of the exercise, the preacher assured that “good shall triumph over evil, and Nigeria shall experience peace and tranquillity to the shame of those demonic agents that have ganged up against our country”. NIFROP’s National Coordinator added that those that hijacked the EndSARS shall be exposed and put to shame. He, however, called on all citizens to stand-in for Nigeria in this critical point of our existence. Read full speech below: I bring Calvary greetings to you all. It feels great to be in our midst again as we fellowship in worship and prayers to God for our dear country against the forces of evil that haven’t relented in their desire to see that our country disintegrates into chaos. ALSO READ: Fire guts Jos Electricity Distribution Company office in Plateau God indeed kept Nigeria. God indeed proved Himself faithful once again in the light of the EndSARS protest that led to some unpleasant events across the country. Events that were orchestrated from the pit of hell against Gods own country. My brothers and sisters, one of the strong points of this gathering is our diversity and our unity of purpose. We have indeed proved to the world that religion and ethnicity have no place in our collective desire to ensure that Nigeria experiences sustainable peace, growth and development. The EndSARS protest has come and gone, and I want to use this medium to tell us that our gathering here is to take the battle to God against all the demonic forces that have conspired against Nigeria. As children of God, we are duty-bound to intercede for the good of our land. We are also duty-bound to ensure that the evil desires of those that do not want Nigeria to experience peace are truncated. My brothers and sisters, this 21 days of prayers is intended to set the wrath of God against all those that have constituted themselves into principalities that want to see to the destruction of Nigeria. For the Bible reminds us in the book of Ephesians 6:12 “For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.” The Bible also reminds us in the book of Psalms 35:2-4 “Take hold of shield and buckler, and stand up for mine help. Draw out also the spear, and stop the way against them that persecute me: say unto my soul, I am thy salvation. Let them be confounded and put to shame that seeks after my soul: let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt.” My brothers and sisters, we shall use the occasion of this 21 days of prayers to draw our spears through prayers to wage war against all the evil forces against the soul of Nigeria. And by the grace of God, they shall all be put to shame. My brothers and sisters, we must all know that demonic forces indeed ganged up against our dear country using the EndSARS protest as a smokescreen in their evil desires against Nigeria. But for divine intervention, Nigeria would have been history by now with the destructions and loss of lives that occasioned the EndSARS protest. These forces of evil also succeeded in hijacking a genuine aspiration by Nigerian youths to see to an end to police brutality. But they instead turned it into an avenue to wreak havoc in the polity through the senseless killing of law enforcement officers, as well as the destruction of public and private properties. As we gather here to pray for Nigeria, let us have it at the back of our minds that indeed this is time to bring to an end all the evil machinations against Nigeria because we shall pray fervently without seizing for 21 days, and the God that we serve shall consume all those that are plotting evil against our country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.