Providing another example of how President Trump’s reaction to his election loss differs from other presidents’, Hillary Clinton on Tuesday posted a letter that an outgoing president, George H.W. Bush, wrote to an incoming one, Bill Clinton, in 1993. “You will be our president when you read this note,” Mr Bush, a Republican and the last incumbent to lose re-election, wrote to Mr Clinton, his Democratic successor, on Inauguration Day. “Your success is now our country’s success. I am rooting hard for you. Good luck.” “Here’s how it’s done in America,” Mrs Clinton wrote on Instagram, describing the letter as “gracious.” “Since the very beginning, American presidents have accepted the will of the people and participated in a peaceful transfer of power,” she wrote. “That’s what makes our democracy so unique, and so enduring.” To be fair, Mr Trump has 71 days to pen a similar note to Mr Biden. But based on how things are going so far, that gesture appears unlikely. Mr Trump has shattered Washington’s norms for four years, has yet to concede he lost the election and is stalling the start of a peaceful transition period, breaking from longstanding precedent. Mr Bush was the last one-term president before Mr Trump. But the similarities stop there. “Here’s the way we see it and the country should see it — that the people have spoken and we respect the majesty of the democratic system,” Mr Bush said in the concession speech he delivered on election night in 1992. “I just called Governor Clinton over in Little Rock and offered my congratulations. He did run a strong campaign. I wish him well in the White House.” Transitions have faced roadblocks before. The most recent — in 2016, when Mr Trump prepared to take over from President Barack Obama — was rocky and behind schedule because of shake-ups on Mr Trump’s team. Eight years earlier, Mr Obama’s transition faced snags because he had to replace his head of personnel multiple times. (New York Times) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.