My 70- year old mother has had a wound on her right foot for the past three months. She was being treated in a clinic in the village. From the village, I took her to another doctor who commenced her on some antibiotics without much progress. Kindly advise me on what to do as I am getting worried that she doesn’t lose her leg. Aminu (by SMS)  A sore may remain unhealed due to many factors. These can range from wrong treatment procedures to unresolved underlying diseases such as Diabetes, Tuberculosis among others. This is why it will be important for your mother to undergo a series of laboratory and Xray tests. In addition, a swab of the wound as well as a Biopsy should be carried out by the attending doctor. The results of these various investigations will go a long way in confirming the type of treatment that will effectively cure your mother’s leg sore. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… BREAKING: Ooni Of Ife, Queen Naomi Welcome Baby Boy After two years of marriage and waiting on the Lord, the Ooni of Ife and his Queen, Naomi Silekunola, on Wednesday, announced the arrival of a baby boy into the royal house of Oduduwa. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.