One Kenechukwu Okeke who identifies as a human rights activist, has filed a criminal complaint before a Chief Magistrate’s court in Abuja against Sam Adeyemi, Aisha Yesufu, and music artistes including Burna Boy and Davido for their alleged roles in the #EndSARS protests. Okeke is instituting the case alleging that “Properties belonging to the complaint were egregiously destroyed by some riotous and tumultuous persons instigated and incited by the 1st to 50th accused persons.” The case was instituted on Monday, November 9, 2020. Defendants are Senior Pastor, Daystar Christian Centre, Pastor Sam Adeyemi; actors, Yul Edochie and Uche Jombo; journalist, Kiki Mordi, ex-Super Eagles legend, Kanu Nwankwo; activist, Aisha Yesufu; and a former Director-General, Bureau for Public Sector Reform, Dr Joe Abah. Defendants include musicians: Innocent Idibia aka Tuface, Peter and Paul Okoye,  Tiwa Savage, Michael Ajereh aka Don Jazzy, Bankole Wellington popularly known as Banky W, and Yemi Alade. Other musicians include: Damini Ogulu aka Burna Boy, David Adeleke also known as Davido, Folarin Falana (Falz). Social media entertainers Debo Adebayo aka Mr Macaroni, and Maryam Akpaokagi (Taooma) also made the list. Other defendants are social media influencers – Deji Adeyanju, Olorunrinu Oduala, Pamilerin Adegoke, Feyikemi Abudu and Japhet Omojuwa. The supporting affidavit reads in part, “That the 1st to 50th accused persons between the 3rd day of October 2020 and the 28th day of October 2020, using Twitter, an Internet web source with URL https://www.twitter.com within the jurisdiction of this honourable court did conspire amongst themselves to commit misdemeanour, to wit, promoting and acting in such a manner, with intent to assist in the promotion of #EndSARS and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 97(2) of the Penal Code Act, C53 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004. “That the 1st to 50th accused persons with intent to carry out some common purpose, assemble in such a manner or being assembled under the composition of #EndSARS as to cause persons in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, to fear on reasonable grounds that such assembly needlessly and without any reasonable occasion may provoke other persons tumultuously to disturb the peace. “Properties belonging to the complaint were egregiously destroyed by some riotous and tumultuous persons instigated and incited by the 1st to 50th accused persons.” Tweeting via @HumanRightsNG, the plaintiff wrote: “By the special grace of God, I shall pursue this matter diligently and impassively to ensure that maximum punishments are meted to the alleged promoters of #EndSARS riots in accordance with the laws of the land. Nobody is above the law, this case should be a ‘locus classicus’.” By the special grace of God, I shall pursue this matter diligently and impassively to ensure that maximum punishments are meted to the alleged promoters of #EndSARS riots in accordance with the laws of the land. Nobody is above the law, this case should be a 'locus classicus'. https://t.co/6sLXCphPxk — KeneChukwu Okeke (@HumanRightsNG) November 10, 2020  #EndSARS: Activist sues Sam Adeyemi, Falz, Aisha Yesufu, Kanu Nwankwo, others YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.