In the spirit of consequences therapy which I started last week, I will like to give consideration to the consequences of oral s3x in this write-up. In the last two weeks, I have noticed a surge in the discussion around oral s3x on many platforms. In fact, it’s like a second wave of the plague of Corona-virus in nations of the world. Many people are talking and discussing oral s3x. It is also causing uproar among married couples. While some spouses find it convenient, others consider it disgusting. While some others want to know if it is worth experimenting with it, others are simply saying it is a no-go area for them. I heard a wife saying that her husband was demanding for a strange kind of s3x, which I suspect is oral s3x. A husband is also feeling guilty about having to continue with oral s3x with his wife. According to him, his conscience has given him no peace about it, after introducing his wife to it. Now, the wife doesn’t want to hear anything about s3x, if it is not oral. The two camps are also not sparing efforts at winning the arguments for and against. One interesting thing about the camps is that they are not gender based. That is, both genders are in the two camps. As we have wives routing for it, so also do we have wives strongly opposed to it. This is also the pattern with the husbands. There are ‘nayers’ and ‘sayers’ among them too. That is where we have problems when a couple has a ‘sayer’ and a ‘nayer’. It becomes yam pepper, scatter, scatter. The grounds for and against also cut across religion. While some Christians and Muslims have clocked in for oral s3x, others in both religions are vehemently opposed to it, considering it as a sacrilege. Another ground for consideration is the medical consequences. While many are quick to point to the fact that upsurge in cases of cancer of the throat and cervix in recent years are traceable to oral s3x being on the increase, others are quick to dismiss such conclusion as not being scientifically proven beyond reasonable doubt. Emerging facts about oral s3x How did humanity arrive at oral s3x? I think we are here because of adventures. Man naturally is adventurous. Many inventions we have today came out of the search of man for a better life. With such inventions also came certain negative consequences. Man, in fun seeking, must have strayed into the foray of oral s3x. It is not the normal pattern of s3xual satisfaction and procreation. Or is there any link between oral s3x and procreation? Couples, majorly still have to end up with the normal routine of s3x for conception to take place. Or has any woman gotten pregnant through the month? God or nature (for the sake of those who have problem with the God factor in creation) did not erroneously position the s3x organs  i.e. underneath. Why turning upside down to seek pleasure from the s3x organs? But curiosity led us to where we are today, for which grave consequences are steering us in the face. If care is not taking, that curiosity will trap us like the monkey that is curiously trapped with banana. Consequences Therapy solution for oral s3x Oral s3x requires that you look before you leap in the following manner: inconclusively, it is proverbially stated that you don’t force a person not to contact leprousy as long as he is willing and ready to live in isolation the rest of his sojourn on earth. Such isolation is not like that of Covid-19. The choice for oral s3x is that of individuals or a couple. It’s a free world. So, have fun, but with the full assurance that consequences will call you to give an account.  MY BOOK “ENJOYING GREAT s3x LIFE” IS STILL AVAILABLE FOR SALE. CALL 08112658560 FOR DETAILS.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.