Kwara State government has commenced a three-day capacity building workshop for about 1,000 local contractors proposing to work with the State Universal Basic Education Board (KW-SUBEB). This comes as the state government, which recently received N7.1bn UBEC grants after seven years of blacklist, is set to begin infrastructural renewal of basic schools across the 16 local government areas. Speaking at the event in Ilorin, on Tuesday, commissioner for Education and Human Capital Development, Hajia Fatimah Ahmed, explained that the workshop is to enlighten local contractors on the requirements for successful bidding process. “The essence of the training is to enlighten our local contractors because in bidding for a contract there are requirements that will be needed from the contractors which many of them might not be aware of. “This training is coming up first to educate them on the procurement process and what the state will need from them before they can bid for any contract. We have over 1,000 participants and the workshop is coming up in batches between Tuesday and Thursday,” she said. The commisioner urged the prospective contractors to abide by relevant rules and requirements of the tender board to ensure successful bidding process. Procurement Consultant and Governance Reform Expert, Omomofe Akintunde, who is one of the resource persons, said the training was designed to equip prospective bidders and vendors in Kwara State on steps to follow for a successful bidding process in line with the Public Procurement Act 2007 and the Kwara State Public Procurement Law. ALSO READ: TCN to increase bulk power in Sokoto with high capacity cable “Public procurement is for the public and government to interact with bidders on the way to understand the technicalities and what must be put in place before participating in procurement activities and win. “When you increase the chance of contractors in participation, it will also help the government in promoting the economy of the state. So, it is not just for the public procurement to be done under board but to follow the guidelines and procedures that are all encapsulated in the Public Procurement Act and the Kwara State Public Procurement Law,” he said. Akintunde commended the state government for deploying the use of public procurement as a public policy and hoped that it will translate to dividends of democracy and development which the people want and guarantee quality jobs expected from the contractors. Two of the contractors, Umar Farouq Sanni and Omotayo Oladele, said the training was necessary to assist them on how to manage the contract and rewrite the story of Kwara State through efficient management of UBEC funds. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.