The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Monday refuted reports that it refused to respond to calls for support when Boko Haram fighters attacked Takulashi Village in Shikarkir Ward, Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State, describing the report as baseless and unfounded. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Director of Public Relations & Information Nigerian Air Force, Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola The NAF insisted that it did not receive any call for support regarding any attack at Takulashi Village, adding that “had any such report been received, the NAF, in its characteristic responsiveness”. According to the statement, “the attention of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has been drawn to a publication in an online platform alleging that it did not respond to calls for support when suspected Boko Haram insurgents attacked Takulashi Village in Shikarkir Ward, Chibok Local Government Area (LGA) of Borno State in the morning of Sunday. “Information which the report alleges it obtained from supposed ‘military sources’. the NAF wishes to state that there is absolutely no iota of truth in the spurious allegations “Indeed, we ordinarily would not have responded to such baseless, unfounded allegations but for the need to set the record straight as well as reaffirm the NAF’s unflinching commitment to ensuring the security of Nigeria and Nigerians, wherever they may reside in the country.” It stated that “for the avoidance of doubt, it must be stated that the NAF did not receive any call for support regarding an attack at Takulashi Village in Chibok LGA on 1 November 2020. “Had any such report been received, the NAF, in its characteristic responsiveness, would have certainly taken appropriate action. “Indeed, the report rightly remarked that ‘if air support came on time, one or two airstrikes would have decimated them’. “However, no request in this regard was made to the Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE (ATF OPLD) on the said date. “Accordingly, it was very wrong of the report to the state, without any basis, that the NAF ‘ignored rescue calls’. “It is pertinent to highlight that the NAF, through the ATF OPLD, has flown over 26,000 hours of Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) and air interdiction missions as well as close air support missions in support of Operation LAFIYA DOLE in the last five years. “The NAF has been working ‘hand-in-glove’ with other security agencies and has a crop of well-trained, highly-motivated young pilots that are ever ready and willing to respond to emergencies, whenever called upon. “Hence, it is utterly ludicrous to insinuate that the NAF would fail to respond to any such situation if called upon. The general public is therefore enjoined to discountenance the evidently false report. “It is equally disingenuous of the online medium to refer to an isolated incident that had its peculiar nuances of predisposition to collateral damage as a basis for justifying their blatantly false claims. This smacks of gross unprofessionalism and obvious deliberate intent at mischief. “The NAF, as a professional and disciplined force, has and will continue to do its utmost to ensure the security of Nigeria and Nigerians across the country. “We remain resolute in performing our function and will continue to work in synergy with other security agencies to rid the country of insurgents. Hence, we will not be distracted by such evidently orchestrated attempts to tarnish the hard-earned, good image of the service.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE