Ekiti State Judicial Panel of Inquiry into Allegations of Human Rights Violations against Police officers, including Officers of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and other persons, has announced November 30, 2020, as the deadline for submission of petitions to the panel. The Chairman of the panel, Justice Cornelius Akintayo (retd) who made the announcement during the panel’s sitting on Wednesday stated that the panel shall not receive any petition beyond the stipulated date. Justice Akintayo stressed that stakeholders in the state were expecting the panel to ensure justice to all victims of all violations, saying they would ensure and work towards ensuring that their recommendations, ” will bring the true peace to the petitioners and the defendants.” He called on all parties involved in any of the cases to avail the panel of all the facts towards assisting the panel to achieve its goal. “The panel shall not receive any petition beyond November 30, 2020. Ekiti people want Justice to bring peace, yes, that is the reason why we are here but we want all parties to avail the panel of all the facts of their petitions to assist in recommending what will bring the true peace,” he said. Justice Akintayo adjourned to November 29, 2020, for the continuation of the panel’s sitting. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… #EndSARS: Ekiti panel sets deadline for submission of petitions [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… #EndSARS: Ekiti panel sets deadline for submission of petitions SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.