A fatal accident involving a motorcycle, a commercial bus and a Toyota highlander on Wednesday claimed two lives along Owhelogbo Road, Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State. Reports say the commercial bus and the Toyota highlander rammed into the motorcycle popularly called okada, killing the rider and his passenger at the spot. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of Delta State Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, confirmed the fatal accident with no details given about the two deceased. Her report, however, runs contrary to an earlier report by a section of the media that three persons were killed in the accident. Onovwakpoyeya, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), told Tribune  Online on phone in Warri that the commercial bus belonging to Agofure Motors and a private Toyota highlander rammed into the motorcycle rider and his passenger, killing both at the spot. According to her, angry youths in the area went on the rampage over the tragedy and set the two vehicles on fire, adding that operatives of the command were already on ground evacuating the debris and restoring normalcy as of the time of filing the report. The cause of the accident, it was learnt, was the blocking of the major road linking Ozoro and Oleh by protesters from Oleh over the purported release of some suspects arrested in connection with the gruesome murder of about 10 youths of Oleh extraction in Isoko South Local Government Area by the court. The 10 or so persons of Oleh extraction were said to be hired for farm work at Ada farmland at Ozoro on October 16 when they were purportedly killed over a disputed parcel of land between Oleh and Ozoro people. Youths including women from Ozoro had, since Tuesday morning, reportedly blocked all roads linking Isoko, resulting in vehicles heading to and from Asaba to seek alternative routes through Owhelogbo Road to link Warri. Several passengers were said to be stranded at Ozoro on Wednesday, as there were no commercial and private vehicles allowed to drive in and out of the two communities, while the journey of two hours is said to have become six hours. The protesters had called on Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, the Inspector General of Police and the Commissioner of Police, Delta State for quick justice on the murder before things get out of hands. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…2 die as vehicles  2 die as vehicles 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..2 die as vehicles  2 die as vehicles After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…2 die as vehicles NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.