Chairman, Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF), Governor Kayode Fayemi, on Tuesday, reiterated the resolve of the subnational governments toward retooling and accountability to the citizens. Governor Fayemi gave the assurance during an interactive session with the Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations (UN), Amina Mohammed, during a visit to the NGF Secretariat in Abuja, as part of her tour of some West African States including Ghana, Sierra Leone, Chad, Niger and Nigeria. Governor Kayode Fayemi who solicited for the support of various stakeholders including the private sector in the bid to address various socio-economic challenges posed by COVID-19 pandemic enumerated some of the challenges of governance in the country and how the pandemic affected the nation’s economy and whittled down its superstructure at the subnational level. Governor Fayemi said that although the virus hit Nigeria in March 2020, later than other countries, its impact has been ravaging with over 64,090 confirmed cases and 1,154 deaths. Other impacts, he said, include the fall in oil prices, contracting tax base, loss of sources of livelihood, unemployment, youth restiveness (EndSARS Protest), increasing inflation rate, worsening exchange rate, the decline in productivity due to necessary lockdown measures initiated globally and nationally. Explaining how the various states handled the pandemic at the subnational level, Governor Fayemi stated that as a responsive group, we worked collaboratively, co-opting ideas and welcoming support from critical stakeholders including partners and the private sector. ALSO READ: Nigeria Drug Control Master Plan underfunded ― UN “At the wake of the pandemic, we worked with the Federal Government to ensure the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Presidential Task Force (PTF), National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development got all the support it required in delivering swift containment measures. “At the National Economic Council (NEC) level, we developed a COVID-19 response plan encompassing health, economic and socio-economic, immediate to medium-term measures needed to combat the virus and its impact.” Explaining that this is a period to turn adversity into opportunity Dr Fayemi said: “at the subnational level, we set up intervention funds, social investment programmes, distributed palliatives, launched tax incentive programmes to protect and support livelihoods as well as businesses. “This is reflected in our 2020 amended State budgets of which 10 per cent was earmarked for COVID-19 response expenditures and the recent partner interventions undertaken by States including the World Bank $750 million States Fiscal Transparency, Accountability and Sustainability (SFTAS) additional financing, $750 million COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus (CARES) programme for results and the $100 million Regional Disease Surveillance Systems Enhancement (REDISSE). The Ekiti State Governor also informed the UN Deputy Secretary-General that the pandemic had compelled Governors to see the “need for retooling ourselves, on how best to become accountable to the electorate.” Two Governors, Umaru Fintiri of Adamawa State and Senator Hope Uzodinma of Imo State attended the meeting with the Deputy Secretary-General in person while more than 20 others joined by zoom from their respective states. Most of the other governors who contributed to the conversation with Amina Mohammed aligned their thoughts with the NGF Chairman. Responding to their pleas for assistance from the UN, the Deputy Secretary-General, Amina Mohammed said that the UN does not write cheques but creates an environment for those who have the cheques to do so. She commended the Governors for the mature manner with which they handled that EndSARS demonstrations, even though she regretted that some ugly influences eventually contaminated the protests. She advised the nation’s leadership to see young people as an asset or else they would not eventually have a peaceful retirement. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Governors restate resolve to retooling, accountability to citizens SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.