Fueled with prophetic depth to foretell the times, a revelatory and thoughtful leader with a unique ability to move people into their God-given destiny; Prophet Lovy L. Elias uses his gifts to uplift, prepare, and educate the world about The Lord Jesus Christ and things to come. He has accurately foretold many world, national and local events. Prophet Lovy is the Senior Pastor and founder of Revelation Church of Jesus Christ in Los Angeles, California as well as a life coach/mentor to world-class athletes and celebrities. A Grammy nominated producer/songwriter, He is also an avid entrepreneur and philanthropist. Born and raised in Nairobi, Kenya, of Congolese descent, he was brought up in a Christian home and comes from a long line of East African/Congolese premier musicians in the form of his late grandfather Vicky Longomba (Tout puissant OK Jazz) and, father Lovy Longomba (Orchestra Super Mazembe). His uncle Awilo Longomba is also a well-respected Soukous musician. It was no surprise when he followed in his family’s footsteps. He helped to form the Afro-fusion and hip-hop trio “The Longombas” with a brother and cousin at age fourteen. The group would go on to enjoy success, winning several music awards and extensive touring before landing in Los Angeles, California in 2007, once here Prophet Lovy turned his attention to writing and producing for established artists. ALSO READ: Bandits abduct Poly lecturer, 2 children, one staff shot in Kaduna In 2013, Prophet Lovy started holding weekly home bible studies and fellowship in Valley Glenn, California. At the first bible study, five people were in attendance and eventually grew with about 130 people in attendance weekly for the house fellowship. After praying and listening to direction from God, he established the Revelation Church of Jesus Christ (RCJC). RCJC is a prophetic ministry preaching the love of The Lord Jesus Christ to the world. On July 14, 2016, he began holding fellowships in Van Nuys, California. Today, every Thursday hundreds gather, and thousands join-in from around the world via live stream as Prophet Lovy teaches the word of God and unlocks the revelation of spiritual mysteries. Deliverance, healing, prophecy, miracles, restoration of families and relationships, and signs and wonders are evident as blind eyes are opened and those plagued with various diseases are made whole. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.