Katsina State will generate 600 megawatts of solar power energy for its own use and for sale to the states in need. The effort to boost the electricity supply comes after patronage of its areas by the Federal Government. Lands in Daura and Kankia have been taken by the Federal Government to establish a solar-powered energy company that will generate 600 megawatts. “The Katsina State Government has already provided the land in Kankia and Daura where the equipment will be installed for generating the energy. Engr Mansur Musa, the Special Adviser to Governor Masari on Power and Energy disclosed this while briefing newsmen on Monday in Katsina. “When the project is completed, Katsina State will benefit from 200 megawatts while the balance of 400 megawatts will be given to the Transmission Company of Nigeria. “When the project is completed, the Katsina Government will have a lot of economic activities that will give unemployed youths jobs. “At the movement, the company that will execute the solar-powered project had gone to obtain PCOA from the Federal Ministry of Power to commence the project. “The two town of Daura and Kankia are places blessed with a lot of sunshine and that influenced the government’s decision to establish the solar-powered energy company,” he said. Musa said that when the project is completed it will provide job opportunities to the unemployed youth in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.