Bigmanity Music Group boss, Jesse Adesotu Woghiren, has said that the main cause of the current challenges facing the country, especially the recent youths protest was as a result of the Federal Government’s shortcoming and lack of accountability. Woghiren said that the current happenings in the country could be described as what a nation gets in return when it is flagrantly beleaguered with insecurity, brigandage, banditry, insurgency, and offensive brutality on the citizenry. “It’s even far worse when the government is sleeping on the issue, just as it is being decried severally and individually by its citizenry. The security agents, especially the police are supposed to be our friends, and primarily law enforcement agents, is the very essence and our first line of defence, but here in our country, the opposite is the case, as innocent citizens are daily brutalised, maimed, and even killed while the government folds its arms as if nothing big is happening,” he said. According to Woghiren, for a nation just coming out of the terminal scourge of the still ravaging COVID-19 pandemic, the #EndSARS protest and its concomitant effects on the populace were indeed too much a bitter pill to swallow. “Truth be told, unchecked police misconducts, irresponsible, unbridled and unguarded power intoxications, innocent citizens’ extortion, criminality, and brutality, etc. should be a source of concern to a responsive and responsible government, but where do we find ourselves today in these trying times that have defied all manner of rescue by the people in authority.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting. International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.