Governor Samuel Ortom says he has no plan to return to the All Progressives Congress (APC) which he left for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to win a second term as Benue governor. This is contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Terver Akase, and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Makurdi on Thursday. According to the statement, although, the governor was contacted by some notable persons to dump the PDP he, however, declined the invitation. “We have read some mischievous statements by members of the opposition in Benue State insinuating that Governor Samuel Ortom plans to rejoin the All Progressives Congress (APC). “Those involved in the impish allegation are clearly doing so to soothe their stuck-up apprehensions. “Why will Governor Ortom return to APC? To do what? “It is true that the governor was contacted by some notable persons to defect from Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), but he declined the invitation.” The statement further explained that Ortom, who is the leader of the PDP in the North Central, had a robust relationship with other leaders of the party within the region and does not need to leave the party. “Governor Ortom is the leader of PDP in North Central Nigeria, and he is enjoying a robust relationship with other leaders of the party in Benue State and the entire region. “It is, therefore, ridiculous for anyone to insinuate that the governor has the intention to leave PDP.” The statement advised the young men “peddling the hang-about rumour to take advantage of the numerous entrepreneurial opportunities the Ortom administration had created “to engage in rewarding ventures and shun falsehood.” (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.