Amidst the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), the management of the Ekiti State University has directed newly admitted students to resume academic activities for the 2019/2020 session. In a statement by the Head, Directorate of Information & Corporate Affairs, Bode Olofinmuagun, the university said the new students should complete their registration and resume on Monday 23rd November 2020. He added that pre-degree and diploma students are all expected on the campus for academic activities. He said, “All pre-degree, diploma and 100 level students of the university are expected to be on campus as from Monday, 23rd November 2020. ” The Vice-Chancellor, Professor Edward Olanipekun has assured parents, guardians and all the returning students of adequate COVID-19 precautions and protocols which have been put in place by the university management. “All returning students are hereby advised to take personal COVID-19 precautions by ensuring that they have their face masks and hand sanitizers with them at all times on campus. The Vice-Chancellor wishes all the students safe travels.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Ekiti varsity FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Ekiti varsity Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. Ekiti varsity SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.