Theater Arts and Motion Pictures Practitioners Association of Nigeria (TAMPAN) Guild of Directors in a bid to show their support to the family of one of their members, late director, Monsuru Olatunji, who just passed away, has empowered them with relief packages. The TGD Executives led by their chairman, actor and director, Damola Olatunji, recently journeyed to Oyo town where they donated the empowerment items to the family. According to the chairman, the empowerment was facilitated by the guild of directors and was supported by the association – TAMPAN “We thank all those that have made this empowerment project a possibility from our great President Otunba Bolaji Amusan and all the Executives of TAMPAN in General, which we all belong to,” he said. Three different sewing machines, N50,000 cash, a two-wing shop for the widow at her choice location in Oyo town and education support scholarship of N20,000 every term for the next 10 terms already deposited in bank account opened in the name of one of the children of the late director, are some of the empowerment given to the family. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… BREAKING: Ooni Of Ife, Queen Naomi Welcome Baby Boy After two years of marriage and waiting on the Lord, the Ooni of Ife and his Queen, Naomi Silekunola, on Wednesday, announced the arrival of a baby boy into the royal house of Oduduwa. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.