Music Executive and Don Crucifixto boss, Tumi Oluyole, has revealed that a music revolution is about to hit the entertainment industry, and to be led by his label acts Snazzy and Dirty Diana. Don while fielding questions from newsmen during the week, sounded confident about his team revolving and redefining sounds in the industry with great talents and proper process. Speaking about the label anthem entitled: ‘Don Crucifixto’, he said: “the single is the first of many,” noting that more great works would be released for public consumption soon. The anthem features Afrobeat Superstar, Sean Dampte, famous for many hit tracks and recently released a smashing single “Sweetest Whyne” and multi award winning producer, Joey Benks. The single is now available on every platform. He, however, boasted that Dirty Diana, who was recently signed under the label, is ready to rival any female Afrobeat star including Tiwa Savage, reiterating that Kusher Snazzy, another act on the label, is the shining light of Afrobeat in Togo and “he is bringing his music to a bigger market”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Gombe SEC approves N116bn  Gombe SEC approves N116bn 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Gombe SEC approves N116bn After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Gombe SEC approves N116bn Gombe SEC approves N116bn SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today