Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni said the government would compensate victims of the violent protests that left several people dead following the arrest of an opposition presidential candidate. In a televised address, Museveni said the government would compensate the families of the victims, the injured, and those who lost property during what he called “senseless riots” over the arrest of Robert Kyagulanyi. “The government will compensate all those who lost their lives but were not rioters. “The government will also compensate those who lost their properties if it can be verified,” said Museveni. He said the death toll from the Nov. 18 -19 sporadic protests in some parts across the country has risen to 54, as more people succumbed to the injuries sustained. “Unfortunately, 54 people died in this confusion, 32 of them were rioters according to the report I got. “The 32 rioters died in confrontations with security forces, 20 people were hit by stray bullets and two victims were knocked by the vehicle that lost control after the driver was hit by stones by rioters,” Museveni added. Museveni directed police to carry out comprehensive investigations on alleged stray bullets fired by security personnel during the riots, which killed people and injured others. The arrest of Kyagulanyi, an opposition presidential candidate, in the eastern district of Luuka for allegedly flouting COVID-19 campaign guidelines, sparked sporadic protests in some parts of the country. Uganda’s Electoral Commission earlier this month identified 11 presidential candidates, including incumbent President Yoweri Museveni and his main challenger, Kyagulanyi, to run in the 2021 general elections. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now