The Federal Capital Territory Police Command said it has rescued 19 kidnapped victims in Abuja while the kidnappers escaped with three victims after a fierce duel. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja, on Thursday, by the Spokesperson of the Command, ASP Yusuf Mariam. She explained that this followed a swift response to a distress call, that the victims were kidnapped on Pei-leilei road along Kwali axis on Wednesday. According to her, the rescue operation was conducted by a joint team of Police operatives from the Command who responded promptly to the occasion and engaged the heavily armed hoodlums in a fierce gun duel. She, however, said that concerted effort was being made to rescue the remaining three victims in the custody of the hoodlums who escaped into the bordering forest. According to her, the Command reassured members of the public of its unflinching commitment to deploy proactive crime-fighting measures to ensure the security of lives and property in FCT ahead of the Christmas and New Year celebration. He advised the members of the public that in case of any emergency or distress to call the following numbers; 08032003913, 08061581938, 07057337653 and 08028940883. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… We have rescued 19 kidnapped victims in Abuja ― Police SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.