The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has observed that the swift operation by the United States to rescue her citizen held hostage by terrorists on Nigerian soil has further confirmed that the Buhari Presidency can neither secure the territorial integrity of the nation nor arrest the wave of insecurity ravaging our country under its inept watch. In a statement issued, in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, its National Publicity Secretary, the party described the situation where the US had to come to Nigerian soil to pull a rescue, as an international embarrassment “and shows how low the Buhari Presidency had fallen in its failure to guarantee the safety of lives and property in our country.” The statement added: “Moreover, the fact that under President Muhammadu Buhari, bandits and abductors from neighbouring countries now freely cross into our nation to use our soil as detention camps further show the failure of his administration to secure our national borders and territorial integrity. “It also shows that contrary to claims by the Buhari administration, parts of our country are still under the control of bandits and insurgents. “It is indeed grossly disconcerting that under our Commander-in-Chief, a general, who had consistently promised to lead from the front, it took a foreign country to come on our soil to rescue their citizen, while hordes of our citizens are reportedly being held, tortured and killed in various kidnappers’ and insurgents’ dens in various parts of our nation.” The PDP recalled that earlier in April, Nigeria was equally embarrassed by reports of how the Chadian President Idris Deby, personally led his troops to rout out insurgents and freed Nigerian territories and soldiers held captive by terrorists in the northern part of Borno State, while “our leaders recede into the safety and comfort of Aso Presidential Villa.” ALSO READ: Lagos local government spokespersons task Nigerians on fake news The main opposition party added: “The fact that other countries with competent and determined leadership have successfully dislodged and vanquished bandits on our soil highlight the incompetence, lack of honesty and want of will power on the part of the Buhari administration to effectively secure our nation. “The exploits of these countries on our soil only go to show that the bandits, vandals, kidnappers, insurgents are not invincible but have been allowed to take hold of our nation due to the failures of the Buhari administration. “Such failures had dragged our nation down to rank as the third country with the highest level of terrorism, after Iran and Afghanistan, according to 2019 Global Terrorism Index rating by the Institute for Economics and Peace (IEP). “Our party believes that the latest experience will compel President Buhari to accede to a widespread demand by Nigerians to rejig his security architecture as well as replace his service chiefs with more competent hands to effectively tackle insecurity challenge facing our country. “Nevertheless, our party commends and immensely values the courage and sacrifices of our gallant troops who are daily risking their lives in the front to safeguard our nation against the insurgents despite the challenges they face.” The PDP also charged all Nigerians to remain vigilant and continue to pray for the nation at this trying time. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP knocks Buhari over US rescue operation SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.