President Muhammadu Buhari has today November 13, 2020, announced his assent to the Banks and Other Financial Institutions Act (BOFIA) 2020. This is according to a statement titled, “President Buhari Assents to Banks and Other Financial Institutions Act 2020″ and signed by the Senior Special Assistant to the President, Garba Shehu, as seen by Tribune Online. Also, Buhari announced this on his official tweeter handle (@MBuhari) on Friday. He said: “Yesterday November 12, 2020, I assented to the Banks and Other Financial Institutions Act 2020, which repeals the extant Banks and Other Financial Institutions Act 1991 as-amended. “The BOFI Act 2020 is a historic and significant achievement that will enhance the soundness and resilience of Nigeria’s financial system. It is also yet another indication of effective and productive collaboration between the Executive and Legislative arms of Government.” The Act updates or builds on existing provisions of the previous Act, especially in response to developments and significant evolution in the financial sector over the last two decades. Experts say it will increasingly encourage banks and other financial institutions to channel the much-needed credit to the real sector to support economic recovery and promote sustainable growth. The new Act repeals the extant Banks and Other Financial Institutions Act 1991 as amended. This historic Act is expected to enhance the soundness and resilience of the financial system for sustainable growth and development of the Nigerian economy. In addition, the new BOFIA 2020 also introduces a credit tribunal to improve loan recovery and address the incidence of high non-performing loans within the financial system, which has been a key deterrent to lending by financial institutions. Furthermore, it strengthens the regulatory and supervisory framework for the financial industry and provides additional tools for managing failing institutions and systemic distress to preserve financial stability amongst others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.Buhari assents to BOFIA BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America.Buhari assents to BOFIA According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.Buhari assents to BOFIA Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.Buhari assents to BOFIA NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.