The Ogun State Government has said that no fewer than 700,000 school-age children will be dewormed across 14 Local Government Areas in the state. This was disclosed by the State Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker, in a release made available to newsmen in Abeokuta, that the exercise will be flag-off on Tuesday, in Abeokuta till November 23. She said only children between the ages of 5 and 14 years will benefit from the exercise. The designated LGAs are Obafemi Owode, Abeokuta North, Abeokuta South, Odeda, Ewekoro, Yewa South, Yewa North, Remo North, Ikenne, Ijebu North, Ijebu North East, Ijebu East, Ogun Waterside and Imeko. Coker said about 5,000 teachers and 600 health workers in the designated LGAs have been trained for the exercise, describing the deworming medicines as safe, free and good for the health of the children. “This programme is an opportunity to help children guard against untoward health conditions that might result in absenteeism from school. Regular deworming rid them of worms that might make them vulnerable to skin and respiratory infections.” “Parents in the LGAs, which were picked based on the endemicity of Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs), should take advantage of this programme and ensure that their children are dewormed. They should ensure that the kids are well-fed throughout the days of the exercise,” She said. The Commissioner called on parents and guardians to work harmoniously with the health workers and teachers, who are saddled with the responsibility of carrying out the exercise. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Ogun to deworm 700,000 school children SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.