Senator representing Kwara South senatorial district in Kwara State, Oyelola Ashiru, has empowered 100 out-of-school youth across three Local Government Areas of Offa, Oyun and Ifelodun of the senatorial district. The training and empowerment scheme, which was specifically designed for out-of-school individuals, mostly youth and women, saw the beneficiaries being taken through various training sessions and lectures in line with their vocations by experts for three days. The scheme was handled by the National Arbitration Panel in collaboration with LAMFOTTE Resources Limited. Representative, LAMFOTTE Resources Limited, Mr Oluwaseun Odukoya Hakeem, said the beneficiaries were also admonished to “always maintain peace” at all times because according to him, it is only in an atmosphere of peace that businesses can thrive. “We want to teach them how to catch fish not how to eat fish. Some of them don’t know how to make money with what they have. First of all, we told them how to love each other because if there is no love there is no peace in the country. “Today, we are talking about youths, we thank Senator Ashiru for bringing this to his people. If we can have others doing a similar thing, Nigeria will better,” Hakeem said. Items distributed included deep freezers, electric power generator, washing machines, grinding machines, modern vulcanizers machines among others like hairdryers and sewing machines. ALSO READ: Ogun: Dangote Cement signs MoU with youths in host communities Speaking at the presentation of certificates and empowerment materials to the beneficiaries in Offa at the weekend, Imam of Offa, Alhaji Muideen Hussain Salman, cautioned beneficiaries against selling empowerment items but to use them for intended purposes. He urged them to endeavour to grow their businesses gradually warning that, “proceeds from sold empowerment materials will be spent in a day. “From this, you can grow your business to become a big one and also try to uplift others. Don’t be ashamed of your vocation and avoid extravagant spending,” he added. Muideen admonished those in charge of the empowerment scheme to ensure that only those who merited it benefit from such empowerment, advising that unmerited beneficiaries will “sabotage” the sponsor’s effort. “What is responsible for the crisis in Nigeria today is because many people entrusted with responsibilities have failed,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Lawmaker takes 100 Kwara youths, women off streets SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.