There is no dearth of online courses on today’s date. As the world fought the pandemic, the demand for online courses only seemed to increase as a consequence of sitting in the four walls of a home. An increasing number of individuals are today looking to upskill and work on their growth. This led to a huge supply of online courses. There is no single topic that has been left out by the experts and other educators that can be covered. With plenty of courses now being already available in the market, the need to perform better than the others and outrun them is now more than ever. Till the time you do not establish yourself as an authority in the field, turning your leads into sales will surely be a task. Thankfully, there are ways and tips that one can keep in mind in order to make sure that your course is better than the others. You can read all about them in this article below. No one hates the right mixture of fun and education. When your course is more fun, more competitive in nature, the chances of more individuals getting attracted to your courses increases. You can consider using a learning management system which is a cloud-based platform for the same. This tool comes with plenty of features that allow you to not only create your own training session, add content, manage content, but also execute it for the learners. These features are what make your training sessions much better than many of the courses that are out there on the Internet today. With gamification features, you can hit just the right chord of the competitive nature of learners and keep them hooked to your course. One such LMS is Thinkfic. Thinkfic features badges as gamification tools. You can offer learners a badge for every chapter they complete with an incentive towards the end. One thing that you can try doing is engaging with your students. There are many courses out there that are not being clicked upon. With a touch of personalization and by humanizing your course, you can easily ensure that more people are getting attracted to your course. You can make use of various communication tools that are now available in the market. For example, Slack. With this tool, you can either chat with your students individually or maybe in groups. You can create groups of batches who are taking the course together, age-based groups, or however you find it more convenient. Moreover, your students can also create their personal channels to network, discuss, and learn more about your course from each other. One thing that can divert your students from your course is if the course is not easily accessible. No one likes the hassle of going through various steps just to access an online course. They’d rather spend time learning from a website that offers knowledge after just a few clicks. Make sure you are using tools that allow your learners to find their material in one place, well-organized, and easily. Also, it is best to offer a course that learners can access from wherever. It should not be restricted to a laptop or a phone. It is best to offer a course that is supported by every screen size and electronic devices to ensure their utmost convenience. Conclusion Creating and selling an online course that is better than others is not easy but it is not impossible either. There are now plenty of ways to ensure that your course is better than the others. Once you have established yourself as an expert in the field, you can use an LMS to create and execute a training session that is not only informative but also engaging.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: Fresh Crisis Looms As Youths Threaten To Commence Fresh Protests In Lagos, Abuja Tomorrow Nigerian youths appear to be bracing up for a showdown with the Federal Government as they have vowed to return to the streets for what they described as the second wave of the #EndSARS protest, warning that no amount of intimidation from the government or security agencies would stop their demonstration… Buhari’s Painful Hobson’s Choice Of An Open Society Social media is a bitch. A huge bitch for that matter. If you put yourself in the shoes of the Nigerian state and its officials, the social media cannot but be a cusp of frustration and irritation. Two youth revolts in Nigeria, separated by 42 years in time, make this frustration very unbearable an experience. They reveal the spatial difference in weaponry of youth revolt and the lacerating irritancy of the social media to the rulers of Nigeria… Trump: This Election Is Far From Over United States President Donald Trump said on Saturday his campaign would begin challenging US election results in court week after media outlets called the race for Democrat Joe Biden, saying “this election is far from over.” “We all know why Joe Biden is rushing to falsely pose as the winner, and why his media allies are trying so hard… Anti-Social Media Bill: Fear Of The People? The abrupt degeneration of the #EndSARS protest into a cycle of bloody violence, vicious destruction of properties and looting of both public and private properties worth billions of naira across the country has given rise to series of controversies and heated debates, both online and… Outrage As IGP Directs Policemen To Use Force On Protesters Searing criticism and outright condemnation have trailed Saturday’s directive by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, to policemen to use ‘all legitimate force’ against ‘riotous protesters’ in the country. Adamu also ordered the deployment of ‘legitimate force’ to protect lives and properties of citizens… Who Is Afraid Of The Social Media? Nigerians, like nationals of other countries, have continued to enjoy the benefits that the social media offer since the advent of such platforms like Facebook, Youtube, Myspace, Twitter, WhatsApp, LinkedIn, Instagram, among others, especially as it was discovered that these platforms make news dissemination easier and faster…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE