The Kano State High Court (Appeal Division) has reserved judgment in the appeal against the death sentence passed on 30-year-old Kano singer, Sharrif Yahaya by a Shariah Court. This was just as the court also reserved judgment in the appeal against the 10 years imprisonment passed on 17-year-old Umar Farouq. It would be recalled that the Kano singer, Sharrif Yahaya and Umar Farouq were convicted having been found guilty and were convicted early this year for committing blasphemy against the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and making a derogatory statement against Almighty Allah respectively. The duo through their lawyer, Kola Alanipinni, had filed an appeal suit before the Kano State High Court in which it joined the Kano State government and Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Kano State and challenging the Shariah Court judgment. On Thursday, both Alanipinni and counsel to respondents, Aisha Mahmud adopted their briefs filed before the court. Alapinni appealed to the court to quash the judgment by the Shariah Court and declare it unconstitutional, null and void as the duo have rights to freedom of expression and religion. Mahmud, however, urged the court to dismiss and discountenance the appeal filed by the appellants. The panel presided over by the Chief Judge, Justice Nuraddeen Sagir, however, reserved judgment, adding that the date of the judgement will be communicated to both parties. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.