Apparently worried by the glowing violence in the oil communities of Niger Delta, Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to President Muhammdu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang, has identified challenges of development as the major cause of restiveness bedeviling the zone. Speaking in an interview in Uyo, the state capital at the weekend, Enang, heaped the blame on the governors, alleging that most of the funds drawn from the centre were not being properly utilized for the development of the oil communities. Angry youths of the neglected oil communities in Ibeno, Oron, Eastern Obolo, Eket, have been up-in-arms against the local and international oil companies prospecting for crude in their waters with attendant devastation by oil spills without commensurate compensation package. Recently, restive youths of Ibeno had shut down operations at Qua Iboe Terminal (QIT), accusing the American oil giant of deliberate marginalization of host communities in the areas of jobs and fair compensation for oil spill, gas flaring and environmental pollutions. The Paramount Ruler of Eastern Obolo, Chief Harry Etetor, who currently lives in Uyo, the state capital because of insecurity and environmental pollution caused by gas flaring, lamented that his domain had been fouled by the oil companies without adequate development and compensation. “My people are living in hell because our source of livelihood, fishing and farming has been destroyed by the activities of the oil companies. We have about five oil companies operating in this small community of Eastern Obolo that is bounds by the Atlantic ocean and yet, no meaningful development and proper compensation to the people,” the monarch laments, saying all entreaties for government intervention failed one after the other. But Enang explained that the Niger Delta governors have elevated politics and other personal interest above the major issues of human and infrastructural development to the highest rung of their policies and programmes, thereby creating tension in the polity. He revealed that apart from the statutory allocation from the Federation Account, the governors have not been able to effectively utilized the 13 percent special funds meant for the development of the oil producing communities of the Niger Delta. “In fact, the 13 percent derivation has been impounded, kidnapped and embezzled by the state governments,” Enang alleged. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.