AS part of the commitment to creating opportunities and facilitating development in Africa, WorldRemit, the global digital money transfer service, has announced the launch of its WorldRemit Entrepreneurs Programme in Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana and Zimbabwe. It also named Patrick Nnaemeka Okorie aka Patoranking as the program’s brand ambassador. The announcement came following the setback to businesses as a result of COVID-19, with many entrepreneurs affected. WorldRemit is kickstarting the investment to support and empower the small business owners to grow their businesses. The programme will commence this November till the end of January 2021 and will focus on empowering 50 entrepreneurs each, from the four African countries with a business booster pack and a digital business training course to help the programme participants develop the required skills to scale up and run their businesses successfully. The training module was developed and will be delivered in partnership with The Nest, a pan-African tech incubation hub reaching entrepreneurs from all sectors, domains and industries across the continent. Patoranking, as the Entrepreneurship Programme brand ambassador, will promote the partnership with WorldRemit. Speaking on the partnership, Gbenga Okejimi, Country Manager, Nigeria and Ghana, WorldRemit, said: “At WorldRemit, we want to be known for fostering the African entrepreneurship spirit. We want to be a part of Africa’s future prosperity. By helping build entrepreneurs across our African markets, we are enabling growth and development.” To participate, WorldRemit customers from around the world are encouraged to send a minimum of £50 (or its equivalent value in their local currency) to Nigeria, Ghana, Kenya or Zimbabwe between November 2 and December 31, 2020. Winners will be chosen through a draw to nominate the budding entrepreneurs living in Nigeria, Ghana, Kenya and Zimbabwe. The nominated entrepreneurs will receive the WorldRemit Business Booster pack, as well as access to the digital training course. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.