THE International Labour Organisation (ILO), has commenced a one-week training of media practitioners and journalists on the implementation of a national advocacy strategy to improve nationwide reporting on child labour in Nigeria. The training is a follow-up to the development of a national advocacy strategy, by the Accelerating Action for the Elimination of Child Labour in Supply Chains in Africa project (ACCEL Africa), which was launched in Nigeria in May 2019. The ACCEL Africa project through a specialist consultant has developed the national advocacy strategy for the elimination of child labour in Nigeria. Against this background, the ILO has gathered Nigerian media professionals to participate in the training targeted at media practitioners and journalists on ‘effective child labour reporting and implementation of the national advocacy strategy on the elimination of child labour.’ With a theme: ‘Journalists and Media Professionals Training on the Implementation of the National Advocacy Strategy on the Elimination of Child Labour in Nigeria,’ the training, which commenced on Monday, 16 November in Abuja would end on Friday, 20 November 2020. The ILO through the support of the Government of the Netherlands, in May 2019, launched the Accelerating Action for the Elimination of Child Labour in Supply Chains in Africa project (ACCEL Africa) in Nigeria. The project is built on the ILO’s extensive experience in implementing initiatives on the elimination of child labour; while it draws upon the experience and lessons learned from the ILO’s work with the tripartite constituents at global, regional, national and local levels, the private sector as well as other actors along global supply chains. To this end, and the need for advocacy and communication activities to be implemented at the community, sector, state and national level, the ACCEL Africa project has engaged the service of a specialist consultant to develop a national advocacy strategy for the elimination of child labour in Nigeria. A professor of communication will be facilitating the training. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.