ONE Hunsu Sunday has been arrested by men of the Ogun State police command for allegedly impregnating his 15-year-old granddaughter. The septuagenarian, according to a statement by the command’s Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, was arrested after a complaint was lodged by a relation of the victim at the Ado-Odo Division. The complainant reported that the victim had been living with the suspect since the death of her mother. The victim was said to have informed the relation about how her grandfather had been abusing her sexually. Upon this information, the DPO, Ado-Odo, Mr Michael Arowojeun, detailed his men and for the arrest of the suspect. The statement said: “On interrogation, he confessed having carnal knowledge of his granddaughter but claimed that he didn’t know that the victim is pregnant. The victim has been taken to hospital for medical treatment.” The state Commissioner of Police, Edward Awolowo Ajogun, has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspect to the anti-human trafficking and child labour unit of the state criminal investigation and intelligence department for further investigation and prosecution.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.