The Police Command in Anambra State, have arrested a 21-year-old woman, Emila Sunday, from Akwa Ibom State with a three months old baby boy at Ire-village Ojoto in Idemili North Local Government Area for attempting to sell her baby for N150,000. The State Command’s PPRO, SP Haruna Mohammed, who confirmed this in a statement, said, the woman was arrested on  November 24, 2020, at about 6:00 pm, following intelligence report by Police operatives attached to Ojoto Division in the state. Mohammed said preliminary investigation revealed that the woman is attempting to sell her three months old baby boy which the suspect claimed was due to hardship. Meanwhile, the baby was rescued in good health condition and investigation is ongoing to unravel the circumstances surrounding the incident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… I wanted to sell my three-month-old baby for 150,000 due to hardship, woman tells police [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.