Unknown assailants have killed a car mart owner and husband of two wives and five children, identified as Nelson Ughoh as well as two vigilantes in Delta State. Ughoh, who owns a car mart opposite St, Anthony Catholic Church, Airport Road, Warri, was killed at about 10.00 p.m on Sunday. The assailants reportedly tracked him at the gate of his compound located behind Regent International School, close to Christ Embassy in Jeddo, Okpe Local Government Area of Delta State. They shot him in the head having caught up with him as he drove inside his compound, killing him on the spot and bolted from the scene. Before the deceased was killed, it was gathered that one of the gunmen had entered Ugboh’s house and made away with some items suspected to be vital business documents. Meanwhile, some unidentified gunmen also struck and killed two members of a local vigilante on Sunday at Ovwian community in Udu Local Government Area of Delta State. This is coming just a week after vigilante members allegedly shot dead a young lady, Sovereignty Iteregbe in her mother’s presence in the community. It could not be ascertained if Sunday’s killing is connected to the killing of late Iteregbe. The remains of the deceased vigilantes have been reportedly deposited in a morgue in the area by the police, just as the Ovwian/Aladja Divisional Police Officer, CSP Mohammed Mu’Azu, declined comments on the matter. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) for Delta State Police Command, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, confirmed the two incidents. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.