The Special Task Force code named “Operation Safe Haven’ (OPSH) incharge of security in Plateau, some parts of Bauchi and Southern Kaduna has apprehended 27 suspected Cultists and their associates, including 6 female terrorizing the people of Jos, the capital of Plateau State. The Commander, OPSH, Major Gen. Chukwuemeka Okonkwo, who paraded the suspects at the headquarters of the command in Jos said his men between 17th-20th of November, 2020 conducted series of raid operations on Criminal and Cultists hideouts in Jos Metropolis. According to him, a total number of 27 Cultists and their associates including 6 females were arrested from Peoples and Triiple hotels in Apata Area, Westside, Rukuba road, Jenta Adamu and Jenta Miango Areas of the state capital. He added that a number of drug barons were also arrested but handed over to the NDLEA for further action. General Okonkwo reassured all Law abiding citizens in the Plateau State of the command total commitment to having a crime free environment during the NAFEST starting on 23-28 November, 2020 and the yuletide season adding that the command remains resolute to its mandate of restoration and maintenance of peace on the Plateau. OPSH commander who said there shall be no hiding place for the kidnappers and other criminally minded people called on citizens to continue to provide useful information on Criminals to enable the command carry out its duties effectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Special force parades 27  Special force parades 27 #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Special force parades 27  Special force parades 27 NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.