Soun of Ogbomosoland, Oba Oladunni Oyewumi Ajagungbade III has commended the Governor of Oyo State, Mr. Oluwaseyi Makinde for his unrelenting and determined efforts in securing the sole ownership of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) for Oyo State. Acknowledging the giant developmental strides of the Makinde- led administration, the paramount ruler, urged the Governor not to relent in his efforts aimed at repositioning LAUTECH, which he described as a one of the best higher institutions in Nigeria. Oba Oyewumi while appreciating the National Universities Commission (NUC) and other stakeholders for the historic feat, urged the LAUTECH community to uphold their remarkable and worthy academic excellence. In a statement he personally signed, the first class monarch, stressed that the final ceding of LAUTECH to Oyo state will further boost socio-economic activities in Ogbomoso and Oyo State in general. His words: “Let me use this medium to express my heartfelt appreciation and gratitude of the people of Ogbomosoland to Governor Oluwaseyi Makinde of Oyo state for his unrelenting and determined efforts in securing the sole ownership of LAUTECH for Oyo State. “The protracted crisis occasioned by the joint ownership of LAUTECH by Oyo and Osun States had set the citadel of learning backwards and negatively affected the socio-economic development of my domain, Ogbomoso. “Thus, the eventual ceding of the ownership of LAUTECH to Oyo State Government after many years of extensive consultations and negotiations is indeed a timely and welcome development. “It is my prayer that this landmark achievement will catalyze efforts of the Oyo State government in ensuring that LAUTECH, which has produced professionals in various fields of endeavour, reclaims its lost glory and bring further positive development to Ogbomoso, Oyo State and Nigeria at large. “May Allah continue to give the Governor wisdom to steer the affairs of Oyo State to greater heights.” The nonagenarian monarch while applauding students, lecturers, Ogbomoso community and other stakeholders of LAUTECH for their perseverance and steadfastness, promised to sustain his support for the higher institution, adding that LAUTECH will regain its lost glory in no distant time. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Soun commends Gov Makinde  Soun commends Gov Makinde #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Soun commends Gov Makinde  Soun commends Gov Makinde NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.