Independent outfit, Qingsmen Entertainment, has announced entrance into the industry with the launch of a new music studio. Speaking at the launch which coincided with the unveiling of its three new artistes at the weekend, the managing director, Ugboko Chukwuka, said that the mission of the label was to restore the lost moral compass of the industry. “These days, music is bereft of moral teachings. In fact, the reverse is the case as musicians now glorify social vices. However, Qingsmen is set to change the narrative. Our artistes and music will bring sanity to the industry and values that have been long forgotten. “Qingsmen will be a place for established acts to become better with tradition and style. The future continues to look exciting to push musical boundaries to the next level by unleashing talented and unique musicians of our generation,” he added. Speaking on the label’s artistes, he said: “We have a lineup of some of the best talents that Africa has to offer. We also scout new talents, give them the platform and leverage they need to flourish in Africa and beyond. Speaking on the newly signed artistes, COO of the firm, Ifeanyi Ugboko aka Fargo said that they are waiting for the perfect time, noting they will take the industry by storm before the year runs out. The newly installed Music Manager, Michael OkechukwuObasikwe, aka Pardel, reiterated the outfit’s resolve to make its entry into the music industry count by raising standards and boosting quality. “The world at large should expect the best from Qingsmen Entertainment. What we have is a full entertainment outfit with a studio that can be utilized as a visual studio and recording studio,” he added. One of its emerging artistes, Berry Boy, is acclaimed for his versatility in multiple genres and a complete entertainer whose role models included the late Michael Jackson and Fela. His album is reportedly in the works with Qingsmen poised towards an imminent release. His introductory single “Hold Somebody” clearly shows this versatile artist in-depth understand of music and dance. Other artistes under the umbrella of the outfit are Saynt Empire and Pardel. The new outfit consists of a team of highly experienced and vast individuals ready to run with the vision of the company to discover, promote, market and manage talents across Nigeria and beyond as well as making good music that will cut across all age groups and travel beyond the shores of Nigeria.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE