Yobe State Governor and Chairman All Progressives Congress Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mallam Mai Mala Buni has alerted Nigerians to expect more shocking defection from the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Governor Buni made the disclosure on Wednesday at a meeting with Senators on the platform of the ruling party. Ebonyi state governor, David Umahi formally abandoned the PDP for the APC last Thursday. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, read on the floor of the Senate, a letter from the Senator representing Adamawa North, Elisha Abbo announcing his defection from the PDP to the APC. Before Governor Umahi and Senator Abbo’s change of political platform, the APC had poached immediate Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara and former PDP National Chairman, Senator Barnabas Gemade. Addressing the APC Senate caucus, Governor Buni said his leadership reconciliation drive has encouraged aggrieved chieftains of his party to return even as he boasted that Nigerians would soon experience unprecedented defection in the history of political parties. “Our recent big catch of a very no less personality than the Executive Governor of Ebonyi state, His Excellency Mr Dave Umahi and several legislators of the state assembly are indeed great milestones in our restoration process. “Many others have indicated interests to either return or join the party. In fact, I want to assure you all that APC will soon shock Nigeria’s political space with massive and unprecedented defections ever witnessed in the political history of our great country, and by the grace of God, APC will undoubtedly remain Nigeria’s leading political party.” Speaking on the controversial membership registration of the party faithful by his leadership, the Chairman APC CECPC pleaded for the cooperation of the senators. He said it was necessary to tidy up the party register declaring that “the party today lacks authentic register in all the 36 states including the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja.” He expressed concern that those who left the party since 2018 still have their names on the membership register. “It, therefore, becomes imperative for the party to revalidate its Membership Register, expunge names of those who had left the party and include those who have joined the party from 2014 to date in compliance with Article 9:4 of the Party Constitution. “Similarly, the annual membership dues payment, which has almost been totally neglected over time, is a clear violation of Article 9:1(I) of the Party Constitution. The committee, therefore, finds the membership revalidation exercise as necessary to capture all members to promote internal democracy in the party. “I am glad to inform you that preliminary plans had been concluded for the commencement of the first phase of the exercise in the next few weeks with the expectation to cover members both within the country and those in the diaspora.” Aside revalidation of the membership register, Governor Buni further revealed that a plan to amend the part Constitution was in the offing. “Just like the membership revalidation exercise, the need for amendment of the Party Constitution and ensure its readiness for presentation to NEC for approval before the expiration of the committee’s tenure is quite necessary for the growth and development of the party. “The committee has set up a high powered committee made up of eminent party leaders, legal practitioners and experts to study the reviewed Constitution and to make recommendations to the effect of the necessary amendments. The National Secretary (CECPC) was mandated to provide all necessary information for wide consultations that will lead to an all-inclusive party constitutional review. “The committee wishes to humbly submit that, the party should as a matter of priority do the needful by resolving all contentious and constitutional matters to approach the national convention with a new beginning and, on a very clean slate.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Expect more shocking defection 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Expect more shocking defection  Expect more shocking defection After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Expect more shocking defection NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.