In the last couple of weeks we have been looking at the issue of attacking laziness through the power of diligence. We saw the fact that we must not slide into the mucky waters of laziness and we began looking at the components of diligence. We looked at steady effort and careful hard work. Today we will see other components of diligence. Focus There are many things fighting for our attention and if care is not taken we will be jack of all trades and master of none. The multiplicity of things fighting for our attention can make us dissipate our energies on so many things thereby making us ineffective. A diligent person knows exactly what he wants done per time and he sticks to it till he gets it finished. Diligence involves putting to bear all our resources in the right direction. “Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren’t sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.”  John Carmack A diligent person is self disciplined. He does not allow emotions, adversity or opposition to make him abandon his work. Planning To be diligent involves being able to plan – knowing exactly what needs to be done and mapping out plans to get these things accomplished. Time spent in planning is a great determinant in the outcome of our endeavors. “Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.” Abraham Lincoln To succeed one must have a right perspective to failure and disappointment. “The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done…you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.” Lil Wayne Diligence doesn’t just plan but takes action. We must be careful not to be all plan and no action, “Have a bias towards action – let’s see something happen now. You can break that big plan into small steps and take the first step right away.” Indira Gandhi The legal requirement Diligence requires knowing the legal requirement of attention and care needed to do a good job. We must realize that every endeavour, assignment and responsibility has a way it ought to be done. There are rules, regulations, guidelines and procedures to be followed. A diligent person does not just do things anyhow. He is disciplined to know the right method and to follow it. He is aware of and complies with the legal requirement, attention and care required in getting things done. There is no greater tragedy than a man gifted, talented and endowed with special ability and skill but who is not diligent. We need to attack and destroy laziness by the application of diligence. CONCLUDED  “Confidence and hard work is the best medicine to kill the disease called failure. It will make you successful person. “ Abdul Kalam  FOR ENQUIRIES AND COMMENTS PLEASE SEND EMAIL TO Charismokola @yahoo.com  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE