The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has debunked media reports that corps members tested positive for COVID-19 inside the orientation camps in Kano, Lagos and Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). A statement issued by the NYSC management noted that all prospective corps members were tested at the entry point, adding that those who tested positive have been handed over to the Nigeria Centre For Disease Control (NCDC). The statement added that the prospective corps members are currently undergoing treatment. The statement said: “The attention of management has been drawn to the news making the rounds about some corps members testing positive to coronavirus in Lagos, Kano and FCT Camps. “The true position is that no corps member in any of the NYSC camp is COVID-19 positive. “It is pertinent to add that the NYSC is in collaboration with Nigeria Centre For Disease Control (NCDC), and the centre maintains very strong presence in all the NYSC camps nationwide. “As a proactive measure, all prospective corps members were tested for COVID-19 before being admitted into the camps. Those that tested positive were handed over to the NCDC for treatment and management. “Accordingly, the general public is hereby assured that the 37 camps of the scheme are safe, as COVID-19 safety protocols are strictly adhered to. “There is no cause for alarm. Both the scheme and NCDC are up to the task of safeguarding the lives of corps members and camp officials.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.