The earlier farmers begin to think of the various steps to ensure various seedling multiplication methodology and systems, the better life will be easier on them as farmers because this is needed to reduce cost and also create various sources of farming varieties. Extension Agents of the various states Agricultural Development Programmes and Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development as well as research institutes should take the proactive steps in ensuring that the various technologies involved in seedling multiplication gets across to farmers Also, the earlier farmers begin to look at the seedlings being purchased in the open markets, the better it will be for them because understanding various manufacturing dates, principles of plantings, instructions and warnings stated on labels by the manufacturing companies in relation to environmental issues like types of soil, planting procedures time of planting and technology advancement have a big role to play in final output. Michael Adedotun Oke talentupgradeglobalconcept@gmail.com YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… NEWS ANALYSIS: Arewa House Parley: Any 2023 Connection? THE crème de la crème converged on Kaduna on Saturday for an epochal 50th anniversary of Arewa House, otherwise referred to as the Centre for Historical Documentation and Research. Apart from the stimulating lecture delivered by the chairman of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) and Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, the occasion brought together a galaxy of politicians of different affiliations, academics, former top military brass and foremost traditional rulers from the entire 19 states making up the northern axis of the country… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.