Borno State governor, Prof. Babagana Umara Zulum, on Saturday led political leaders from the North-East region of the country on a visit to Lagos aftermath of the hijacked #EndSARS peaceful protest, leading to destruction of public assets by hoodlums, describing the attack as “mind-boggling” and the violence deliberately contrived to hurt Lagosians. Zulum said this when he and other leaders, including his predecessor and lawmaker representing Borno Central in the Senate, Senator Kashim Shettima, paid a visit to commiserate with Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu and the people of Lagos over the attack, at the State House, Marina. Governor Sanwo-Olu has continued to receive solidarity and support from well-meaning leaders across the country in the aftermath of the last month’s coordinated destruction of public assets and private properties instigated by the hijack of youth protest. Zulum, after watching the ugly images of the destroyed assets, condemned the attack in very strong terms, describing the attack as “mind-boggling,” noting that the violence was deliberately contrived to hurt Lagosians. According to him, the proportion of the destruction was too much for Lagos to bear, stressing that the cost of rebuilding the state would bring about discomfort to residents and citizens whose businesses were tied to the peace in Lagos. “We are here on behalf of governors from the entire North-East region and its people to commiserate with the people of Lagos and their governor over the recent unfortunate incident of violence happened in Lagos, which left wanton destruction of both the public and private properties. “While we strongly condemn any form of brutality by the police in any part of the country, we also condemn what has happened in Lagos. The destruction was engineered to hurt this blooming state and its economy. “We condemn the excesses of the youth who took to violence to express their grievances. There was no need for the violence when the authorities had already conceded to their demands,” the governor said. Governor Zulum likened the style of the destruction of key Lagos government assets to the manner with which Boko Haram carried out attacks on public utilities, noting that it could take years for Lagos to fully recover from the wreckage. He urged young people across the country and in Lagos to always use non-violent means to express their grievances, pointing out that destroying infrastructure meant to serve the public shouldn’t be an option in public protest. Zulum also counselled those bent on staging another round of protest to allow the wound left by the destruction and looting of properties to heal, saying governors across the country had been working with the Federal Government to ensure victims of police brutality get justice and compensation. Sanwo-Olu said the attacks had not weaned away Lagos’ ability to turn around its misfortune to opportunities, hinting that the state would come out stronger and better. Sanwo-Olu particularly expressed appreciation to his Borno counterpart for identifying with Lagos, despite being faced by security challenges, saying the kind gesture stood Zulum out as a fearless leader. Others in Zulum’s entourage include the Senator representing Borno North, Abubakar Kyari; Borno Commissioner for Finance, Alhaji Adamu Lawan; Special Adviser on Intern-Governmental Affairs, Hon. Tukur Mohammed, Mr. Ahmed Ali Ahmed, and Mai Kanini of Lagos. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youths, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE