THE Association of Nigeria Universities Alumni (ANUA) on Monday expressed its readiness to lead mediation between the Academic Staff Union of University (ASUU) and the Federal Government with a view to ending the ongoing eight-month-old strike of the Union. It noted that this became imperative as it cannot fold its arms and watch the Nigerian university education system to continually drive towards the brink of collapse, adding that prolonged industrial action by lecturers would definitely have a negative effect on the lives of the innocent students. The association also said it has resolved to ensure all unemployed graduates in Nigeria are registered, with a view to having social security allowance for the unemployed graduates from the federal government. The newly elected chairman of the group, Dr Stephen Fasakin who stated this during the national convention of the Association held at Imo State University, between 5th-8th November 2020 in his acceptance speech said one of his major mandates is to unify all the alumni associations of the universities in the country under one umbrella. “Under my watch, in earnest, we shall embark on the creation of a website where every unemployed graduate shall be registered. We shall doggedly pursue a bill for the payment of social security allowance for the unemployed graduates to be taken by the National Assembly. Under my watch, we shall encourage Nigerian graduates to be more interested in politics so that we can salvage this country from the greedy officeholders. The graduates must take over the position of leadership and responsibilities. We shall facilitate a better serving condition for corps members. ALSO READ: Pfizer says early analysis shows its COVID-19 vaccine is 90 per cent effective “One major area where universities growth has suffered is the area of universities and alumni associations collaboration. We shall not close our eyes to that. On that note, we shall take a bold step on resolving this current conflict between the government and ASUU so that universities would resume work.” President of the Union also urged every member of the association to be committed to the Association, saying  “the Association shall be committed to you too.” Under my watch, our inter and intra actions shall be mutual and beneficial. When one of us is happy, all of us shall share in it, or when one of us is unhappy, all of shall be there for him too. He further promised that he would ensure resuscitation of the association’s website; “under my watch, the Executive Committee shall embark on immediate functionality of our old website to improve on our communication range for our present members and the yet-to-be. “Under my watch, it shall remain  for optimum effective delivery of every good thing beneficial to university graduates in Nigeria.” ASUU  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE