Social media is a great place to relate with lots of people from all different countries, tribes, basically from all over the world, but this comes at an expense. Several people have been scammed, and millions of accounts have been hacked, including emails, phone numbers and other sensitive contact data. Several top profile users have suffered this too, and so there is a need for social awareness training. Some accounts recovered while some never did, and the impact is more devastating for some others. Now, what can be done to prevent the hacks from occurring in the workplace? Bear in mind that the reason for using a social media security strategy is to make sure the staff perform their duties without compromising security. Best Practices and Tips for Social Media Security https://unsplash.com/photos/tLZhFRLj6nY Photo by Austin Distel on Unsplash Have a social media security awareness checklist so you can be sure to keep both yours and the company’s account safe.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Nigeria Without Police A state well-defined is where law and order reign. And it is not difficult to have a country of degraded, disappearing statehood. We already have it. We say when the roots of a tree begin to decay, they spread death up the stem to the branches. Across the south-west where I live, the police are on work-to-rule. If you travel from the coasts to the northernmost part of Southern Nigeria, you are not likely to see a single presence… How Years Of Underfunding Health Sector Affected Nigeria’s Response To COVID-19 (Part 1) In 2001, African heads of state met in Abuja and agreed to appropriate not less than 15 per cent of their annual budget to healthcare. But ever since, Nigeria has failed to inch any closer to the agreed percentage, leaving the country’s healthcare system grossly unable to respond to outbreaks… Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… How Pfizer COVID-19 Vaccine Find Affected Petrol Price —FG The Federal Government has linked the recent increase in the cost of petrol to the announcement of the development of a COVID-19 vaccine by Pfizer. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, disclosed this while fielding questions from State House correspondents after his routine meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on… Germany Cancels 80% Of Christmas Markets Over COVID-19 ― Official At least 80 per cent of traditional Christmas markets in Germany have been cancelled over the COVID-19 pandemic, the German Retail Federation (HDE) said on Monday. The federation cited a study by consulting company CIMA and the Association of City Marketing and Town Centre Management Germany, which polled 1,400 municipal officials, representatives… Rumpus In INEC After Handover By Yakubu VARIOUS powerful interests bent on hijacking the leadership of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) are currently locked in an intense supremacy tussle after Professor Mahmood Yakubu stepped aside at the end of his five-year tenure on November 9, 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before.