Renowned actor, Rykardo Agbor who’s best known for his roles in films such as “King of Shitta,” “Getting Rich in Lagos,” and “The Novelist” among others has just joined a sterling team of famous Nigerian entertainment elites, becoming a brand ambassador and advisor to Bebuzee, a new free-to-watch online destination for entertainment, social and news content. Bebuzee, is making headlines as it recently unveiled its upcoming video and content streaming service and social media platform, aimed specifically at the Nigerian market with subscription-free movies and content. Bebuzee has partnered with more than fifty Nollywood producers to gain exclusive rights to their content before it is launched to the public. With its brand ambassador program, Rykardo Agbor becomes the newest popular personality to affiliate with Bebuzee in spreading the word of this unique and localized service set to debut in December. UK firm, Bebuzee, had recently leaked more information about its pending release December First of its new free-to-watch streaming video service for the African continent based upon relationships with over fifty Nigerian film studios. Starting on that date, full-length movies, series, talk shows, documentaries and more will be available at no cost to the viewers, no subscriptions. Bebuzee has garnered over sixteen million users so far in the African continent and is expanding to more African countries first in its effort to become a worldwide force in video content, challenging Netflix and Amazon. Bebuzee has filed for an initial public offering of its shares in the United States, expecting its launch as a public company in 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.