Beauty is not gender related, and men have also continued to diversify in the fashion industry. FAVOUR BOLUWADE writes on the trend of guys, especially celebrities, who started painting their nails and pay attention to manicure  in this article , as purely art and not basically because of their gander. Have you ever seen a guy paint his nails?  Do you think it’s strange?  Do you think they are bipolar or not straight? Well, those questions have become popular owing to the fact that celebrities are almost now in the forefront of this fashion statement. Nail polish over the years has been a statement for ladies; they come out in different colours and with different artistic designs. The male counterparts have decided to enjoy this trend too. In an article published by a top magazine company, it read that most men who have recently tried the nail polish became a ‘victim’ of the art because of the COVID-19 pandemic. I’ve heard from a few female friends that their boyfriends or husbands have let them paint their nails for the first time maybe out of boredom, but also maybe because on some level they were interested,”  the magazine stated. Nail polish comes in different colours which could mean several things and have a lot to say about the person who wears specific colours. Black would have a lot to say about one’s personality as being a creative and artistic individual. Neon is a loud one and a neon polish screams for attention; commonly worn by celebrities. It a colour of: ‘I want to be seen’. Shades of grey polish would reflect a person as cool, chic and just a lover of class. White polish colour on a person signifies youthfulness and could be synonymous to sassy, trendy and carefree. There are so many colours of nail polish out there but these colours are some that are mostly explored by men, whom we are talking about here. So, if one sees a male who decides to paint his nails, the colours he chose could tell you more about him before you wonder if he’s a normal human. Some people tag these men ‘ashawo’ when they are seen. Here is a list of top five male celebrities who paint their nails: Chris Hemsworth Zac Efron Fireboy Harry Styles Bobrisky   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FLICKERS: Nigerian Army: Timelines Of Lies And A Million Skulls In Ogun’s Shrine THE Yoruba anticipate the fate of Mrs. Aishat Mohammed. Aftermath the murders, horrendous plunder and arson on the city of Lagos about two weeks ago, Mohammed was one of the captives of the law. Or lawlessness. Gagged like sardines in a can among about 500 persons paraded and labeled culprits of the spillover from that notorious Black Tuesday, Mrs. Mohammed’s tale was gripping, grisly but a Nigerian everyday encounter. From her narrative… #EndSARS: After The ‘Powerless Masses’ Spoke What has the country’s political leadership learnt from the EndSARS protests that rocked the nation and drew global attention to Nigerians’ sufferings and mis-governance of their country? KUNLE ODEREMI reports on the take-away from the EndSARS protest and the attendant fallouts, amid public suspense on government’s… #EndSARS: How Nigeria Lost Trillions Despite Warning IT has emerged that the #EndSARS protest which snowballed into a major cycle of crises could have been avoided, had Nigerian authorities heeded the prediction of international researchers carried out months back. Both the federal and state governments are still counting the enormous losses in destruction to public and private investments during the protests, which have been projected to be in trillions of… Restructure Nigeria Now Or Risk Break-Up — Southern Leaders Tell Buhari Again  AS agitations for the restructuring of the country continue to take the front burner, some southern leaders on Saturday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the 2014 National Conference report to save the country from an impending break-up, saying the country is currently bleeding on all… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE