Gombe State Commissioner for Science, Technology and Innovation, Dr Aishatu Umar Maigari has lost three of her brothers to a ghastly motor accident. Reports have it the ghastly motor accident occurred on Saturday along Gombe – Kano road when the deceased were travelling to Kano from Gombe. The deceased were: Usman Umar Maigari, 30; Al’amin Sani Abdulkadir, 30 and Abdulkadir Umar Maigari, 27, all of were said to be holders of Masters degrees in various fields before the accident. Meanwhile, the State Governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya was said to have received with deep sadness the death of three members of Alhaji Umaru Maigari family in the ghastly accident which occurred on Saturday along Kano road. The Governor, in a statement released on Sunday by his Senior Special Assistant on Media, Uba Misilli lamented the “unfortunate loss of these promising lives at a time the state is tapping into the vast potentials of its vibrant young men and women for the progress and development of the state”. The Governor according to the statement said that the loss was not only for their immediate family but the state and the nation at large considering their wealth of experience in their various chosen areas of speciality. Inuwa Yahaya, on behalf of the Government and people of Gombe State, extended his deepest condolences to their father; a seasoned administrator and elder statesman, Alhaji Umar Maigari, their sister, Commissioner of Science and Technology and the entire members of the Umar Maigari family over the huge loss, praying Almighty Allah to comfort them and grant the deceased Aljannat Firdaus. The deceased have been buried in Gombe on Sunday in accordance with Islamic injunctions while sympathizers are visiting to commiserate with the family over the loss.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows.Gombe Commissioner loses brothers The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week.Gombe Commissioner loses brothers BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke.Gombe Commissioner loses brothers BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp.Gombe Commissioner loses brothers NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.