Unknown assailants suspected to be bandits have killed seven farmers including a nursing mother in Sabuwa Local Government Area of Katsina State. The state assembly member representing the area, Ibrahim Danjuma Machika, confirmed the incident while sponsoring a motion in the state legislature on the need to reinforce security in the three troubled villages in the area. Machika said the killings were carried out last week at Tashar Bama, Dungun Mu’azu and Unguwar Maigayya villages. The lawmaker, who expressed concern over the attack on the communities by bandits terrorising the area, said the situation has created fear amongst its inhabitants. “The bandits carry out broad daylight attacks on our communities; they kill, kidnap and cart away properties. “There is no day bandits will not attack one community or another. Our people are now leaving in fear, they cannot sleep in their houses,” he stated. “The few farmers, who manage to farm their land, could not get access to the farms anymore.” He listed Madachi, Dankolo and Tashar Barna villages as areas that witness daily attacks by these bandits. Machika maintained that, for fear of these continued attacks, hundreds of farmers from these areas cannot harvest their farm products. He therefore appealed to the state government to deploy the military and other security personnel to ensure the safety of people and property in the area. Members from Dutsinma and Safana constituencies, Mohammed Khamis and Abduljalal Haruna Runka, respectively during the deliberation on the motion, both called on the state government to urgently give priority attention by deploying armed security agencies to the two local government areas. The Speaker of the house, Tasiu Zango directed the clerk of the house to forward the position of the members to the state executive for immediate action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now