Judicial Commission of Inquiry on the sale of Kwara State government assets with focus on the alleged illegal sale of Water Corporation’s land at Olalomi Water Reservoir, Ira road, Offa by the administration of former Governor Abdulfattah Ahmed has commenced public hearing on Monday. Testifying before the panel, a retired Area Land Officer, Mr. Samuel Ajide, said that he was informed of government’s decision to sell a plot originally reserved for future development at the reservoir and one Alhaja Bintu Lawal, who indicated interest to construct petroleum station on the land applied in October 2015. Mr. Ajide, who confirmed that the sum of N7million was paid into his personal account by Alhaja Lawal in 2015, alleged that 90 per cent of the money was paid to different government agencies but the application was approved for the construction of residential building contrary to the application. “Alhaja Bintu paid the sum of N7m to me for a portion of land at Olalomi Water Reservoir after she applied to purchase the land for construction of petroleum station. The application met a brick wall when the Ministry of Water Resources insisted that the land was reserved for future purposes. But Alhaja Bintu later sought the intervention of a former member of the Kwara State House of Assembly, Hassan Oyeleke, who approached former Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed and approval was issued for a residential building,” Ajide told the panel. Alhaja Lawal, who bought the land, however, alleged that she was scammed by Mr. Samuel Ajide and other persons. “Ajide approached me in 2015 that the land was to be sold. He told me he was still in the government service. I did not know he has retired. In fact, he came with government vehicles on several occasions and we bargained from N10m to N7m for the portion of Olalomi Water Reservoir Offa. Ajide could not produce any paper or title documents to me. I had to approach Hon. Hassan Oyeleke who helped me secure the R of O after paying N909,250.50k in December 2018 which was charged on government land. In fact I lost more than that N7m to that land. Ajide scammed me because I am an illiterate,” she said. Alhaja Lawal also debunked the allegation that Offa community kicked against building any structure on the land as it was reserved for future purposes. Alhaji Yunus Kola Olatinwo, who spoke on behalf of Olalomi community in Offa, said the reservoir was constructed in 1964 by former Premier of Northern Region Sir Ahmadu Bello to serve Offa and part of Erin-Ile but it stopped functioning in 2017. Alhaji Olatinwo said the community was surprised to see the construction of a residential building on the land, saying the structure would affect the underground pipes. “The sale of the land was never acceptable to Offa people. In fact, the Olofa of Offa visited the site when he was informed of the development,” he said. Chairman of the Panel Justice Olabanji Orilonishe said the public hearing is a continuation of the fact-finding assignment which has taken the panel to different places within and outside the state. “Our assignment is to look into unlawful sales of government properties between May 1999 and May 2019. Bulk of the job has been done underground. We have paid visits to necessary sites both within and outside the state,” he said. “Our sitting this morning, which is a public hearing, is to hear more evidence from those who have filed memoranda before us. We are not sitting to apportion blame to anybody. It is a fact-finding tribunal and our findings and recommendations will be based on acceptable evidence which we have been able to gather in the course of our sitting,” he added. Two former Directors-General of Bureau of Lands Alhaji Abdulwahab Babatunde Yusuf and Alhaji Ibrahim Salman however failed to appear before the panel. Their counsel, Barrister Yunus Lambo Akanbi, said they were unable to attend because of short notice. Justice Orilonishe however directed the counsel to ensure that his clients appear on Friday to testify before the panel. The current government has accused some former administrations of selling hundreds of government’s choice properties and land at giveaway prices and without due process, culminating in the setting up of the commission of inquiry to look into the issues, including studying the report of the Senator Suleiman Ajadi’s panel which had earlier investigated the matter. The public hearings continue tomorrow Tuesday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youths, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING!  PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE