After a long break caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the music world is gradually returning back to normalcy, with music stars picking from where they stopped. One of such artistes getting back into the business is Remmy XO. Remmy XO, whose real name is Aderemi Adeyemo, in a brief interview with R, said he has always been committed to making timeless music. With the music business getting back to normal, Remmy XO, who started music just after high leaving school, said he started with playing musical instruments till he released his first song titled ‘Controlla’ in 2017 which gained maximum recognition in Nigeria and South-Africa. For him, he has been able to combine his writing skills and distinct vocal sounds to change a whole lot about him and his music career. Ahead of his much-anticipated EP, he recently dropped two new singles in 2020 titled ‘POPO’ and ‘Money’, saying Popo helped “in a way of supporting and lending his voice to the ongoing distress against police brutality in the country #ENDSARS”. He also released ‘Money’ in which he featured a rising act Dreamboi. His biggest goal, according to him, is to touch lives and make a positive impact on society through his music as he believes that music is a source of comfort. He said, “Being in the Nigerian music industry has been a bit of a challenge to me because it requires more dedication than I had imagined. But I will say making music has been more fulfilling than challenging in every way”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.