The Osun State Timber Contractors and Saw Millers Association has called on authorities concerned to address illegal entry, demarcation and farming activities in Shasha Forest Reserve in Ile Ife as the abuse on forest and her resources in the country is getting out of hand. While speaking to journalists, chairman of the association, Mr Olalekan Olaobaju lamented the wanton destruction which the encroachment has brought on economic trees. Former chairman of the association, Mr Yahaya Ojuade said several efforts have been put into fighting these illegal activities by some individuals destroying the reserve as they are affecting sufficiency in forest product supply. “We are concerned because it is affecting sufficiency in forest product supply leading to unavailability of some tree species as well as animals with total disregard for its implications for future generations. We have put in several efforts into fighting this illegal entry into the forest by some individuals and they even get violent with us in some cases. We are calling on government at all levels to be decisive in implementing policies and laws in regulating activities in Shasha Forest Reserve. “They have taken over all the forest areas and it has been difficult for licensed contractors who are permitted to work in Shasha Forest freely as there have been ups and downs between us and the farmers.” Olaobaju Adetayo, a timber contractor, emphasized that it will be so unfriendly to overlook the effort of the government as the government played a crucial role in signing the white paper on Shasha Forest. “Shasha Forest is for forest usage alone and not any other thing, the government has already signed this, we have these people setting trees on fire in the bush which is scaring away the animals and in one way or the other, they are spoiling the future of the country. We want the government at all levels to intervene.” Forestry experts who gathered at an event recently in Ibadan observed that the nation is fast losing its forests as one of the major source of income contrary to what it used to be fifty years ago in South West. They argued that due to such acts, most of these forests have now made way for construction, housing and illegal farming activities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now