Church leaders and ministers in the five arms of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) have raised the alarm over the socio-political challenges facing the country, saying that Nigeria needs prayers now more than ever before to save it from leading to a state of anarchy. Speaking to newsmen in Ilorin during a one-day the annual conference of the Church Leaders and Ministers Fellowship of Nigeria, the chairman of the group, Pastor Abel Aiyedogbon, said that the country is inching near the state of anarchy. “As church leaders and ministers, we cannot cease from praying for our country, because we need prayers more than ever before. However, we hasten to add that we are in a near state of anarchy. Leaders display wealth to the chagrin of the masses. There are crises all over and it has been said and argued that Nigeria is a victim of contradiction because of faulty political structure producing poor governance and brazen corruption. All the crises being experienced, if not resolved as quickly as possible can degenerate into big problems,” he said. The group, comprising more than 500 church leaders, also called for transparency and accountability from those entrusted with governance in the country, saying that there should be a balance in appointments into key positions such that all the six geopolitical zones are equitably represented. Speaking on the theme of the one-day conference, ‘The Church in the post-COVID World’, Aiyedogbon said that the COVID-19 pandemic had exposed the state of the health sector in Nigeria. The group, therefore, called for a change to allow for the development of the nation’s health sector “to cope with challenges that we see every day in which our political leaders shy away from”. The clerics also appealed to members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) and the federal government to find amicable solutions to all the problems associated with the ongoing strike by the nation’s university lecturers so that students can return to school. “These innocent students crave a brighter future through education, hence a conducive environment that will lead to the realization of this should be created. The strike has been on for over eight months with issues in contention far from being resolved after several meetings and interventions from concerned quarters. We are worried as parents because keeping students unengaged for a long time can negatively affect them. An adage says ‘an idle hand is a devil’s workshop’, he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.N170 fuel price wicked Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.N170 fuel price wicked BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes.N170 fuel price wicked Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.N170 fuel price wicked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.