Tetra Pak published its 2020 Sustainability Report, celebrating the many ways the company has worked to protect food, people and futures in the past year. An annual tradition since 1999, this year’s report is especially poignant amid a global pandemic, while the world’s focus on the planet and the environment is being challenged. “The pandemic has changed how we live and work, giving even deeper meaning to our promise to protect what’s good,” said Aruna Oshiokamele, MD Tetra Pak Nigeria “Now more than ever, we remain steadfast in our commitment to protect food, protect people and protect the future of the planet.” Tetra Pak West Africa is focused on leading with low carbon circular economy solutions, focusing on increasing the use of responsibly sourced renewable materials, reducing the water and energy usage of equipment, and increasing capacity to recycle used beverage cartons.” Speaking at the launch Rodney Reynders, GMEA Cluster leader said “Sustainability has long been at the heart of our business strategy and our operations. The theme of our 2020 Sustainability Report is ‘Enabling Transformation’, speaking to the significant progress Tetra Pak has made in protecting food, people and futures over the last year, as well the next stage in our ongoing journey to drive positive change within our company and our industry.” ALSO READ: Reps raise alarm over planned takeover of Chibok by insurgents The company’s MD further noted that ‘In West Africa plan our annual school recycling project reaching over 10,000 children was a huge success last year and we plan to double this number next year and that aims to raise awareness on the importance of having a clean environment and encourage recycling’ said Aruna. There are several other initiatives at different stages of finalisation and we will be able to report on the implementation progress during our next report. “At Tetra Pak, our approach to sustainability encompasses our entire value chain – including the environmental, social and economic challenges we face. From our School Feeding Programmes to our circular economy commitments, to our Diversity and Inclusion initiatives, we constantly strive towards safeguarding our own employees and supporting communities where we operate and protecting the future of our planet and the long-term success of our customers,” Aruna added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.