An 11-year-old protester, Master Gift Osayuhi, who allegedly stole a police uniform from the burnt Oba Market Police Station in Benin City during the bloody October 19 #EndSARS protest has finally been released by the police. Master Osayuhi who sells pure water and cold drinks at nearby Oba Market decked the oversized police uniform with a cap to match and declared himself the new Inspector-General of Police in a video which went viral in the Edo State capital. The boy was released over the weekend to members of the civil society, led by Marxist Kola Edokoayi, who pledged to raise money for his education and help him achieve his dream of becoming a policeman. While in police custody, the young boy had reportedly reiterated his determination to enlist in the police when he grows up and become the Inspector General of Police. His distraught mother, a poor widow, who also sells at Oba Market, lamented that she has been left to shoulder the responsibility of taking care of Gift and his siblings all alone ever since she lost her husband a few years ago. Buoyed by the freedom for the aspiring policeman, Edokoayi said: “We were able to secure the unconditional release of the 11-year-old boy by name Gift Osayuhi whose picture went viral on social media for allegedly joining some miscreants to break into Oba Market Police station, took a police uniform, wore it and declared himself as the new IG of Police during the #EndSARS protest. “The boy was released to us after we undertook to rehabilitate and reform him. The young boy said his dream is to become the IG of police and we also undertook to ensure that the boy is given a proper education so as to help him achieve his dream. “We sincerely thank Edo State Commissioner for Police and Edo State Ministry of Justice for the kind understanding and cooperation.” The activist passionately appealed to well-meaning Edo people and other Nigerians to reach out to members of Edo civil society so that the boy can be given a proper education and realise his dream. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace…  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.