The Independent National Elections Commission has fixed pending bye-elections for December 5. Barrister Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and chairman (Information and Voter Education Committee), made the disclosure in a statement on Friday. The by-elections in 15 states across the country are to hold in two senatorial districts in Bayelsa, ( Central and West) ; Nganzai and Bayo Constituencies in Borno State; Cross River North Senatorial District; Obudu Constituency in Cross River. Others affected senatorial districts are Imo North Senatorial District; Lagos East Senatorial District; Kosofe II Constituency in Lagos State; Plateau South Senatorial District; Bakura Constituency in Zamfara; and Ibaji Constituency in Kogi. Okoye revealed that the commission took the decision to proceed with the elections after it was convinced that security situations in the country have improved. The statement further pleaded with stakeholders in the affected states for their cooperation for INEC to deliver a credible election. The statement further read in part: “Based on these consultations, the commission believes that security in the affected States has improved while the environmental challenges have reasonably abated. Consequently, the commission has decided to hold all the pending bye-elections on December 5, 2020. “The commission acknowledges the support, understanding and cooperation of political parties, the security agencies, the media civil society organizations and the general public as it considers the scheduling of the bye-elections and in its overall efforts to reposition the electoral process and give meaning and value to the votes of the people. “We appeal to voters and stakeholders in the states with pending bye-elections to continue to cooperate with the commission in its efforts to deliver credible elections under a safe environment.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections.INEC fixes bye-elections Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases.INEC fixes bye-elections BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America.INEC fixes bye-elections According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office.INEC fixes bye-elections NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.