Barring last minute change to the directive of the National Universities Commission to the Governing Council of the University of Ibadan an acting vice-chancellor (VC) of the institution will emerge tomorrow. According to the NUC, the outgoing vice-chancellor, Professor Idowu Olayinka is to hand over to the new acting vice-chancellor on November 30 after the scheduled meeting slated for Monday afternoon to address issues surrounding the appointment of new vice-chancellor. The executive secretary of the NUC, in a letter dated November 27, to the pro-Chancellor of the university, had explained that the appointment of the acting vice-chancellor was to avoid a vacuum in the administration of the nation’s premier university. Sunday Tribune learnt that the new acting VC, after the appointment, would be placed on not more than six months probation as stipulated in Section 3(13) and (14) of the universities (Miscellaneous Provision: Amendment) Act 2002. “In view of the fact that the tenure of the incumbent vice-chancellor expires on Monday, November 30, 2020, it is pertinent for the Governing Council to meet in the afternoon of Monday, November 30, to consider and approve the appointment of the Senate nominee as acting vice-chancellor in order to avoid a vacuum in the administration of the university. “Following the appointment of an acting vice-chancellor, the outgoing vice-chancellor should hand over to the acting vice-chancellor possibly on Monday, November 30 or latest by Tuesday, December 1, 2020. Sunday Tribune also learnt that the Pro-Chancellor and the Chairman of the Governing Council is also directed to attend a meeting with the Minister of Education, Alhaji Adamu Adamu, in his office on Wednesday, December 2, at 11 am for a briefing on the development following the intervention of the Federal Ministry of Education in the impasse.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE JUST IN: Again, Herdsmen Destroy, Set Falae’s Farm Ablaze, Attack Workers Some herdsmen have reportedly invaded the farm of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Olu Falae, and attacked some of the workers on the farm after destroying it… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today