Ogun State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said on Wednesday that it is not, in any way challenging the leadership of Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State both in his state and the South-West zone, being the only PDP Governor in the zone, but was opposed to what it termed his continuous tendencies for polarising the party in Ogun. The party made this clarification in reaction to a statement made by the Chairman, Oyo Pacesetters Transport Service, Mr Dare Adeleke, titled: ‘Fayose Not Suitable To Lead South-West PDP.’ Spokesperson of the party, Bankole Akinloye (JP), in a signed statement, copy of which was made available to Tribune Online, further enjoined Governor Makinde to rise above primordial attitudes of hobnobbing with non-conforming members of the party chapter in Ogun at the detriments of faithful PDP members in the mainstream. “It has come to the notice of the Ogun State chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) of a new item signed and made available across some section of social media by one Dare Adeleke, a so-called Chairman, Oyo Pacesetters Transport Service. “Fundamentally, it is not in our character to respond or react to any piece of shenanigan thrown at the party in the media. But it has become very germane to set the records straight as far as it concerns Ogun PDP and the party politics in the South-West so that elements like Dare Adeleke don’t feed unsuspecting members of the public with bile and treachery. “Essentially, Ogun PDP is not, in any way challenging the leadership of Mr ‘Seyi Makinde both in Oyo State and the South-West geopolitical zone being the only PDP Governor in the zone. “What we are opposed to is the continuous tendencies of Makinde for polarising the party in Ogun State. His Excellency, the Governor should rise above primordial attitudes of hobnobbing with non-conforming members of the party at the detriments of our faithful party men in the mainstream,” PDP said. According to the statement, the party leadership headed by Prince Uche Secundus has provided direction to the governor through the successful conduct of PDP congresses in Ogun State, expressing worry why Makinde preferred to act in defiance to the direction of the national office. Speaking further, Akinloye said it should be noted that Ogun PDP had no issues with Governor Makinde’s leadership in Oyo State, adding: “In fact, Makinde is such a good man and we will respect him for that but we also urge him to develop an attitude of consulting widely with party structure in each state of the zone.” The party chieftain posited that what the governor should also note was that PDP constitution had no room for a Governor-General, declaring that it wanted and expected from him at this crucial period is leadership that would not undermine the peace of the party in the zone. “Apart from these, we wish to make it crystal clear to Dare Adeleke and his faceless sponsors that the party in Ogun State is colourfully made of successful men and experienced leaders of impeccable pedigree and character and, therefore, we will not be available to trade in pettiness nor engaging in gutter fights with anybody in any guise or disguise. “As stakeholders in the politics of South-West geopolitical zone, Ogun PDP has made its decisions which is perfectly in tandem with its fervent belief in fairness, equity and justice,” Akinloye stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…We’re not challenging Makinde 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..We’re not challenging Makinde After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…We’re not challenging Makinde  We’re not challenging Makinde NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.