As the world commemorates the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the National Orientation Agency (NOA) has charged all Nigerians to champion the fight against sexual and gender-based violence in their communities as the key to the speedy elimination of the vice in the country. NOA Director-General, Dr Garba Abari, stated this in a statement, describing violence against women as a scourge that is consuming societies across the world, adding that it mostly has its roots in age-long cultural and religious practices which have no scientific basis. Abari said: “Violence against women, such as rape and other forms of sexual and gender-based violence are a disservice to the very nature of mankind because every human is born of a woman. When women are hurt, human existence is threatened. “All Nigerians must therefore now take the lead in pushing for the elimination of violence against women in their respective communities; that is a sure and quick way to stemming this vice.” He noted that NOA, in recent times, has intensified its sensitisation campaign against rape and gender-based violence in response to the recorded upsurge in such crimes during the COVID-19 lockdown, adding that the campaign has targeted communities, students and other stakeholders, including duty bearing organisations in the elimination of violence against women. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Fewer Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria’s new weekly COVID-19 infections have increased, Tribune Online analysis shows. In the previous week, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 -14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded in the penultimate week (November 1 -7) and the 937 cases recorded from October 25 – 31… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.