The Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), on Thursday, declared that no fewer than 109 lives were lost in road accidents across the state between January and August. This was disclosed by the Corps Commander, Mr Seeni Ogunyemi, at the 5th Annual TRACE Corps Commanders’ conference, held at the Valley View, Government House, Oke-Igbein, Abeokuta. He blamed human errors, excessive speeding, wrongful overtaking on the part of drivers as some of the factors responsible for deaths on the highways. Ogunyemi added that 450 people were injured in the various traffic crashes during the period under review. He stated that the command would continue to intensify efforts on enlightenment, sensitisation and education of motorists as well as bringing more public participation into the safety drive through TRACE traffic whistleblower initiatives. The Corps Commander appreciated the state government for donating one Nissan Frontier van, 15 patrol motorbikes, 30 crash helmets and refurbishing three heavy-duty tow trucks belonging to the command. “We will continue to improve and increase public safety consciousness, awareness and behavioural pattern of road users, improve access to commerce and industry to drive the state economy, ensure prompt removal of abandoned vehicles from the road,” he said. ALSO READ: Postponement of 2019 elections, my most painful decision ― Professor Yakubu The State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, in his remarks, promised that more personnel and staff would be deployed to TRACE, so that they could be more effective in the discharge of their duties. Abiodun who was represented by the state Commissioner for Transportation, Gbenga Dairo, noted that the government recognised the challenges of TRACE assuring that those issues raised would be adequately looked into. “There is a new transportation law we are developing within the state, the law will also place attention to the activities of TRACE as an organisation. “In future, transportation in the state will no longer be uni-dimensional but we are considering multi-modal transportation system within the state which would also require that we have a team of people who would oversee compliance of traffic and enforcement of rules and regulations. “So, the role of TRACE will go beyond road transportation,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   109 lives lost in road accidents in eight months in Ogun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Doctor Says High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) is Reversible. CLICK HERE To See how to CORRECT it Today Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.