The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Monday said that 138 members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) had so far tested positive to the Coronavirus pandemic, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported. This is despite consistent denial by the management of the NYSC that any corps member suffered from COVID-19. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director General, NCDC, revealed the development as regards the positive status at the National Briefing on COVID-19 on Monday in Abuja. Ihekweazu said that none of those who tested positive was allowed into the camps. According to him, 34,785 corps members and members of the camp communities have been tested with 138 turning positive representing 0.4 per cent prevalence. “It means one out of 200 people,” he explained. The NCDC boss said that those who tested positive were either managed at home or in a treatment centre, depending on if they had symptoms and what state they were in. With talks between striking university teachers and the Federal Government progressed getting more positive, he said that the next challenge would be how to work with education stakeholders to ensure safe reopening of universities. “Universities are slightly riskier and present unique challenges, but we are confident that we can address this as we have done in other sectors like aviation,” Ihekweazu said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace…  Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.