The Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) has unfolded plans to increase bulk power to distribution load centres in Sokoto State. It said the overloaded Sokoto – Birnin Kebbi 132kV Single Circuit Transmission Line will be reconductored with high capacity transmission cable. The Company in a statement issued by the General Manager Public Relations, Mrs Ndidi Mbah, said the new line, when completed, would enable the Kaduna Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) deliver more electricity to its customers in Sokoto. It said this will also help address the prevalent poor power supply situation in the area. “Over the years, the Sokoto – Birnin Kebbi 132kV transmission line, had become overloaded due to the massive increase in human population and attendant socio-economic development in the area. “The reconductoring work would rectify the current low voltage and consequent poor power situation so that electricity consumers can enjoy more stable and quality power supply,” it said. Also, it stated that work will commence on the 130 Kilometers Sokoto – Birnin Kebbi Single Circuit Transmission line during the week and would be completed the by the third week of December 2020. “To ameliorate the effect of scheduled outages on electricity customers during the period, TCN will work from 8 am to 5 pm daily, during which time there would be no supply of electricity to the affected areas. “Electricity supply would, however, be restored daily, from 6 pm to 8 am. “We apologise for every inconvenience and solicit the support and understanding of the state governor and good people of Sokoto State as well as the Kaduna Electricity Distribution Company, to enable us successfully execute this project which will greatly improve power supply in Sokoto State and environs,” it stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, October 25 to 31, the 44th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 1,390 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 724 who were discharged in the previous week. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. TCN to increase bulk power in Sokoto with high capacity cable SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.