The Presidency must at this point set up a system to cater for Nigerian poor masses. It is the song of every politician during campaigns that they will take good care of the masses. Nigeria is blessed with limitless resources and we have had brilliant  leaders and citizens Chief Obafemi Awolowo, Chief Moshood Kashimawo Olawale Abiola and Alhaji Ahmadu Bello who  focused their attention more on the poor. These distinguished and well respected Nigerians of blessed memory used their good offices and assets to liberate the children of the poor and lift the masses out of abject poverty; we all loved them. The international community also has a great modicum of respect for them. What do the poor Nigerians want from the presidency now? The only thing that the Nigerian government can do at this critical time is to establish a system that will cater for the poor without bias or corruption. Nigeria has over 150million poor people. The population of the poor supersedes that of the rich and the rate at which the poor are wallowing in abject poverty is very alarming. It is only the presidency that can do this. We have many Nigerians who have nothing to eat and we are not asking our politicians to use their personal money to do this. The public fund must be used to take good care of the poor. President Muhammadu Buhari needs to do more. A Yoruba proverb says: Ti  onje bakuro ninu ise, ise ti buse, that is, once you have food to eat, the pang of poverty is reduced. Jimoh Mumin Esq. Ibadan. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Weekly Review: Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections On The Rise Again Nigeria’s new COVID-19 infections increased again last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, the 46th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, the country recorded 1,206 new infections (November 8 – 14), an increase when compared to the 923 cases recorded the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting. International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.