Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, on Sunday, congratulated the former Governor of Ekiti State, Peter Ayodele Fayose, on his 60th birthday. Akeredolu in a release signed by the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Donald Ojogo, described the former two-time governor of Ekiti State as a dogged and determined man in whatever he chooses to pursue. The governor said, even though their paths have always been opposite politically, the relationship between him and Fayose had remained cordial. Akeredolu said: “Life’s blessings have a special way of manifesting in God’s special ones. For my brother and friend, former Governor of Ekiti State, Peter Ayodele Fayose, the uncommon illumination of the Lord’s light of hope, His outpour of Favour and Grace are faith builders. “This is one man whose doggedness stands him out; he pursues his choices with alluring courage and has always deployed ingenious potentials in achieving his goals. Fayose, undoubtedly, remains a strong force in Nigerian politics. “Interestingly, our relationship which spans several years before we both ventured into politics has waxed stronger, defying the vicissitudes of partisanship and artificial political borders. This should and must be the spirit of men of honour whose desire is to serve the people. “As APAGUNPOTE, as I fondly call him turns 60 today, it is our fervent prayer in our Sunshine State, aside from mine, that the good Lord keeps him stronger in faith, empower him with more strength in sound health, knowledge and understanding to continue to serve humanity.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases. BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Are You Sick and Tired of High Blood Pressure? Here are 2 Scientically Proven Herbs You Can Start Using Today To Rapidly Lower It In Less Than 3 Months, Even If Nothing Has EVER Worked For You Before. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.