Israeli archaeologists have discovered a 3,000-year-old fortified building, the Israel Antiquities Authority (IAA) said on Wednesday. The rare fort was uncovered during an archaeological excavation led by the IAA at a small hill in the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. The 1.5-metre wide fort walls, built of large basalt boulders, encompassed the hill. The complex was built at a strategic location on the hilltop, above a canyon, overlooking the region, at a spot where it was possible to cross a river. ALSO READ: Lai Mohammed keeps mum about #EndSARS frozen accounts, court case According to the researchers, the fort was probably manned by the Geshurites, who ruled the southern and central Golan, carrying out diplomatic relations with King David, who ruled the united monarchy of Israel and Judah. Researchers said this unique fortified complex raises new research issues on the Golan during the Iron Age, according to the team. In the excavation, the archaeologists also found a large basalt stone with a schematic engraving of two-horned figures with outspread arms, probably representing moon-god worship. (Xinhua/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19. Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.