The Senate Minority Caucus, on Monday, expressed deep sadness over the gruesome killings of rice farmers in Borno State by the Boko Haram insurgents. A statement by the Minority Leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, on behalf of the caucus said it was saddening that the harvest season has now been turned to mourning season. Senator Abaribe bemoaned the fate of helpless peasants at the mercy of bandits and terror gang, Boko Haram. “We are horrified that our people, particularly the farmers who are toiling tirelessly to sustain the nation’s food security has always become the target of the insurgents. “This is so horrendous and mind wrenching and of course the unmindful slaughter of our people in such a dastardly manner is becoming way too many. It is embarrassing to the country and calls to question the government’s strategy and capacity to tame the rising wave of insurgency and banditry ravaging a large swath of our dear nation, particularly in the Northern region.” The caucus advised President Muhammadu Buhari administration to show more commitment and sincerity in its fight against the frightening insecurity occasioned by the Boko Haram insurgents, banditry and kidnapping all over the country. It added that it was no longer enough for the presidency to always issue tepid statements by condemning attacks and daily killing of our citizens, saying “now is the time to take decisive action and review it’s strategy since it seems the current one has failed woefully.” “The caucus, however, commiserates with the government and people of Borno State, while it prays that God will console the families of the victims.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Borno killings: Under Buhari’s watch, harvest season turned to mourning season ― Senate Minority Caucus SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now