President Muhammadu Buhari, through the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono, has approved the appointment of Dr Adekoya Owosibo as the new Provost/Chief Executive Officer of the Federal College of Animal Health and Production Technology (FCAHPT), Moor Plantation, Ibadan, Oyo State. According to a release made available by the institution, the appointment which is for a single period of five years took effect from Friday, August 21. Prior to his appointment as the provost, Dr Owosibo had served in key strategic and leadership positions which include, but is not limited to being a head of department, director of different offices, head of various units and chairman of many committees, apart from functioning as a lecturer and supervising research projects. “As a prolific leader and manager, he is a visionary leader with a proven track record of execution. Dr Owosibo a registered Animal Scientist (RAS), displayed his versatility as a leader by successfully heading the Computer Science Department of the college for five years until his current appointment,” the release stated. Dr Owosibo earned a Bachelor of Science (BSc) and Master’s degree (MSc) in Agricultural Biochemistry and Nutrition from the University of Ibadan in 1995 and 1998, respectively. He obtained a PHD in Animal Science with a specialisation in Monogastrics Animal Nutrition and Management from the same institution in 2007. He also bagged an MBA in Human Resources Management at the  Ladoke Akintola University, Ogbomoso in 2019. He is a member of several national and international professional bodies including Animal Science Association of Nigeria (ASAN), Nigerian Institute of Animal Science and World Poultry Science Association to mention  but a few. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund… #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.