Super Eagles Technical Adviser, Gernot Rohr has predicted a tough match against the Leone Stars of Sierra Leone in the qualifying match for the Africa Cup of Nation (AFCON). The Super Eagles are scheduled to clash with the Sierra Leonian national team at the main bowl of Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium, Benin tomorrow November 13. Speaking with journalists shortly after training with the national team at the Sam Ogbemudia Stadium, Rohr who commended the pitch, however, predicted that the game will be interesting because the Sierra Leoneans have a good team. The technical adviser said that the Super Eagles will go into the match immediately with strength and try to win as it is not a friendly game but a competition. He said: “My expectations are to make a good match as always. The result is important. It is not a friendly but competition. We want to win. We are home but it will be difficult. “Remember that the match against Seychelles in Asaba was difficult with a little score. Again, it will be a difficult march. We need to go into the match immediately with strength and try to win.” So far 16 players which included skipper Ahmed Musa, Alex Iwobi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Leon Balogun, Oghenekaro Etebo, William-Troost Ekong, Kelvin Akpoguma, Chigoziem Awaziem, Ola Aina and Joseph Aribo. Others are Moses Simon, Maduka Okoye, Emmanuel Dennis, Sebastian Osigwe, Zaidu Sannusi, Tyrronne Ebuehi and Ikechukwu Ezenwa while number one goalie, Daniel Akpeyi, Shehu Abdullahi, Kenneth Omeruo, and Samuel Chukwueze are still being expected. Upbeat, Skipper Musa said that the team which comprised of experienced and young players said that the team is ready and waiting for the match. He said: “The coach has to give everybody the opportunity to play. With the quality of players that we have, we are ready.” Speaking in the same vein, Ekong emphasized that the Super Eagles are hungry and have been waiting for the game for a long time, noting that the players are determined to play at the tournament. Rohr added: “There is are not many airlines flying to Nigeria at the moment, so a lot of our players have to fly through Ethiopia to Lagos and it is not easy.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE From 58,795 Samples, Nigeria Recorded 937 COVID-19 Cases Last Week From the 58,795 samples tested last week, Nigeria recorded 937 new COVID-19 infections. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the new confirmed cases are slightly higher than those recorded the previous week (October 25 – 31) where the country recorded 923 cases…Leone Stars BREAKING: Joe Biden Elected 46th President Of United States Democratic candidate, Joe Biden has been elected President of the United States of America. According to CNN projection, Biden polled 273 electoral college votes while President Trump garnered 213 electoral college votes…Leone Stars Leone Stars Kamala Harris Becomes America’s First Female Vice President Kamala Harris made history on Saturday with her election as Joe Biden’s vice president, becoming the first woman, first Black American and first Asian American to win the second-highest US office..Leone Stars NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.