AKINYELE Local Government Area in Oyo State is fast becoming a slaughter slab for innocent citizens. In the last one month, five persons have been reportedly slain in cold blood in the area. Citizens Bello Barakat, Azeezat Shomuyiwa, Grace Oshiagwu, Mojeed Tirimisiyu and a yet to be identified young woman have all been murdered by unknown assailants. The cases of female victims involved rape. Sadly, there is nothing to suggest that the carnage has stopped.It should be noted that the killings did not happen in one day; they occurred days apart and in between police investigations. That makes the situation more confounding. Naturally, there is heightened suspicion in the area and Oyo State as a whole. It is difficult to fathom how the outlaws were able to stalk and murder their victims at a period when the area was supposed to be suffused with security officials carrying out security surveillance. Notwithstanding the motive of the killings, the victims did not deserve to be murdered by non-state actors as if there was no law and order or government in place. Perhaps it is imperative to note that citizens willingly surrendered to constitutional order, repudiated violence and, by implication, vested the government with the monopoly of violence so that the latter can exercise exclusive powers over security of life and property. The killings in Akinyele therefore represent the failure of governance in terms of security. With what has happened  in Akinyele Local Government recently, it is becoming  clear why repeated attacks by bandits in Zamfara, Kaduna, Sokoto, Katsina and so on have often caught the security agents napping. They are either too distracted or incapacitated to respond swiftly to security emergencies and perform at the optimum. And that evidently points in the direction of defective security architecture. The architecture must be retooled in order for the government to deliver on its primary mandate of security of life and property. For instance, why and how did killings happen within a local government area at five different times within a month without any of the criminals being caught in the act? What were the security agencies, especially the police and the State Security Service (SSS) in Oyo State doing?  It is terrible that there was such a complete failure of intelligence that similar incidents were orchestrated five times within the same vicinity. That is appalling and detestable. To be sure, what has been happening in Akinyele is symptomatic of the national security malaise.  There is an urgent need to institute systems of accountability and effective supervision and monitoring of milestones and timelines for achieving security mandates. What is measured tends to get done. Certainly, the current laissez faire disposition to accountability that permits security officials to explain away repeated and proximate incidents of murder in the same location is fundamentally flawed and incapable of putting them on their toes. Happily, though, the Oyo State government indicated that some arrests have been made. We urge it to do much more to tame the killings and bring the perpetrators to book as quickly as possible. Perhaps it should be mentioned that for some inexplicable reasons, security agents are usually lethargic and laid back during the onset of security issues when they could have been easily confronted and contained, only to start running from pillar to post when they snowball into crisis. And usually,dealing with a full blown crisis is so exacting that even victories become pyrrhic if or when achieved. The current outlook is grim and it is imperative that official efforts be redoubled to reverse the trend. The killings in Akinyele must stop.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!