Former senator representing the Oyo South district of Oyo State, Adesoji Akanbi, has paid glowing tributes to the late former governor of Oyo State and a former contestant for the Oyo South seat in the last general elections, Senator Abiola Ajimobi. Akanbi, in a statement made available to Tribune Online, on Saturday, said that the late Ajimobi was unique in many ways. He said, “The passing away of former Governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, brought a deep feeling of shock, pain and disbelief for me, but we must submit to the will of Almighty Allah. “Ibadan land has lost a great son. Oyo State has lost a great leader. The entire Yoruba race has lost one of its shining lights. Nigeria has lost an intelligent politician. ALSO READ: Delta risks becoming epicentre of COVID-19, Okowa warns “I will forever remember Ajimobi as a man who was truly and deeply loved by his creator as evident in his very illustrious life as a professional, and in politics. “This was a man who set records and broke records in terrains that many thought impossible, starting from a very humble background.” He continued, “From rising to the peak in his career, to successfully representing his people as a senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and finally becoming the first governor of Oyo State to win a second term, a feat which earned him the well-deserved Koseleri tag. “The infrastructural development he brought to Oyo state in his eight years as governor will continue to immortalize him in the hearts of the people. His hard work and doggedness towards his goals will be remembered through the many elections he won and even in the few he lost. “Possessing a good sense of humour, Senator Ajimobi lived life to the fullest; he freely expressed himself, leaving no one in doubt regarding his true feelings about issues. “For our party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), this is indeed a devastating loss as it comes at a time when we most need him to play an important role in the future we are building. “These are trying times, and my heart goes out to his wife, Mrs Florence Ajimobi, their children and his entire family for whom he lived his life. May Almighty Allah give them the strength they need to bear this pain and continue to uphold his legacy. “Senator Abiola Ajimobi was like a big brother to me. I called him Uncle until he breathed his last. It is so painful to see him go. I had thought we had a party to rebuild together in Oyo state, but who are we to question God? “In Yoruba land, when a great man passes on, we say “erín wó àjànàkú sùn bí òkè”. Indeed, an elephant has fallen, like a hill, he sleeps, forever. “I pray that the merciful Allah would forgive his sins, reward his good deeds, and accept him among the righteous in Aljanna Firdaus.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.