The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) says that it arrested 66 persons for drug-related offences in Oyo State between January and June 2020. The agency’s state Commander, Josephine Obi, made this disclosure in Ibadan on Friday during the commemoration of the 2020 International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the theme for the year is tagged: “Better Knowledge for Better Care”. Obi said that out of the 66 drug trafficking suspects, 27 had been convicted and sentenced to different jail terms. According to her, the agency also seized 1,184.99 kg of various narcotic drugs and psychotropics substances during the period under review. She further said that the agency gave brief intervention to 35 persons who were using illicit drugs while seven others were undergoing rehabilitation. Obi who reiterated the command’s commitment to agency’s mandate said that combating drug abuse and trafficking was becoming overwhelming due to technological advancement. “Drug abuse and trafficking is a cankerworm that continues to bedevil nations all over the world in spite of decades of international collaboration to defeat the menace. “The situation is getting more daunting with the constant introduction of new psychotropic substances of abuse, technological advancements and the recalcitrance of the drug barons due to the lucrativeness of the illicit trade. “Oyo State also faces serious challenges of drug abuse, trafficking and cultivation. “The World Drug-free Day which we commemorate today, gives us the launch pad for aggressive campaigns and provides the opportunity to enlist all members of society to deliberately support the fight against drug abuse in every possible way,” she said. The commander urged Nigerians to take a public stand against drug abuse and illicit trafficking to drastically reduce its menace. “The theme for this year’s commemoration is ‘Better Knowledge for Better Care’. “This is very crucial at this time as an understanding of the drug issues by more people will lead to greater collaboration and success in countering the twin challenges of drug abuse and illicit trafficking. “Get knowledge. Take better care of your loved ones and our communities,” she said. In his remark, the State Commissioner for Health, Dr Bashir Bello, said that drug abuse, misuse and illicit trafficking was a “Hydra headed social menace that needs the collaborative efforts of all concerned”. Bello said that only through collaborative efforts including government, parents and private organisations could the fight against the drug abuse be won. “It has been reported that drug abuse and misuse are responsible for over 80 per cent of crime and criminal activities. “Over 40 per cent of Nigerian youths engage in substance abuse and misuse. “It is very important to note that a healthy nation is a wealthy nation because it is a common belief that only the healthy can attend to the need of others. “But a nation where 40 per cent of its youths are on drug abuse can be very disturbing. “The implications of this cannot be overemphasised,” he said. The Chairman of Oyo State Drug Abuse Control Committee, Mr Akinwande Babatunde, said that nearly all classes of drugs had been abused and misused. “However, the most commonly-abused ones include painkillers, antibiotics, antihistamine, antimalarials, multivitamins, hard drugs and banned drugs. “Other practices that could constitute drug abuse include cigarette smoking, excessive consumption of kolanuts, use of herbal concoctions and habitual consumption of alcohol and spirits,” he said. According to him, the committee has scaled up sensitisation campaigns in schools and motor parks across the state to have a drug-free state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.