PepsiCo Nigeria has announced the launch of a 1 Million GiveMealsGiveHope initiative, aimed at providing meals to vulnerable communities amidst the COVID-19 crisis. The initiative, led locally by PepsiCo and enabled by The PepsiCo Foundation, the philanthropic arm of PepsiCo, will serve more than 1 million meals to communities, most impacted by the socio-economic crisis, caused by the pandemic. According to the company, the decision to support and partner with reputable NGOs to target communities and alleviate the impact of COVID-19 was informed by the need  to improve the lives of the vulnerable, which had been further endangered by the worsening  food insecurity situation in Nigeria, occasioned by the pandemic and the subsequent lockdown. “We launched the Give Meals, Give Hope program to meet the basic needs of the most impacted segments of the Nigerian population, as food is at the heart of what PepsiCo does. As one of the leading food and beverages companies in Nigeria and across the African continent, we believe that we have a responsibility to focus on providing essential food items to those affected by this pandemic,” stated the General Manager, Sub-Saharan Africa Beverages, PepsiCo, Sergio Paya. FoodClique’s Founder and CEO, BolajokoFadipe, explained that the partnership with PepsiCo would enable the company organise food boxes and leverage its network to distribute to those who need the support most. “We are on the forefront of the fight against hunger in Nigeria. The current pandemic has exacerbated the need for food across the country. Through the Give Meals Give Hope partnership with PepsiCo we will be able to organise food boxes and leverage on our network to distribute to those who need support the most,” Fadipe stated. The #GiveMealsGiveHope relief initiative is part of a $45 million global initiative launched by PepsiCo and The PepsiCo Foundation, designed to help people and communities mostly affected by the devastating virus.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apple Music Appoints Florence Otedola (Aka) DJ Cuppy Its First Radio Show Host In Africa
The biggest company in the world, Apple Music, is launching its first radio show in Africa on Sunday and DJ Cuppy whose real name is Florence Ifeoluwa Otedola is its host. The streaming platform announced Thursday that “Africa Now Radio with Cuppy” will debut Sunday and will feature a mix of contemporary… Read full story 21 Years Of Civil Rule: Gains, Pains And Prospects
MOST Nigerians remain nostalgic about the epochal, extraordinary transformation that was heralded in the defunct Western Region of Nigeria in the First Republic under visionary and dynamic leadership. In just eight years of the pragmatic and purposeful leadership, imbued with vision, the region shocked the… Read full story Economy: Many Miles Crossed, Many Miles Lie Ahead
Politics and economy are entangled. Politics determines the economic direction while the economy determines the strength of the polity. If the economy is ailing, so will be the polity and vice versa. But the interplay between politics and the economy is choreographed by politicians… Read full story COVID-19: We’re Yet To Receive Promised Ventilators From US ― Minister
The Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said the Federal Government is yet to receive the promised ventilators from the United States of America (USA). The minister said this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus (COVID-19) daily news conference… Read full story Sokoto Bandit Attacks: Buhari Orders ‘Fierce’ Military Operation
President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the military to embark of a fierce operation to dislodge bandits terrorising people in Sokoto State. While condoling with families who lost loved ones in an attack by bandits in Sabon Birni Local Government it the state, he prayed for the quick recovery of those that sustained injuries… Read full story COVID-19: Ogun Govt Lifts Lockdown
The Ogun State Government has lifted the lockdown order pronounced on the state, since the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic to combat the spread of the disease from Monday to Friday. This was contained in the address of the State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Thursday, while updating the efforts… Read full story Osinbajo Heads Use Of Toilet Campaign Committee
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday inaugurated the Steering Committee of the “Clean Nigeria: Use the Toilet Campaign,” which he leads as chairman. Tribune Online reports that the committee comes as stakeholders continue to ramp up efforts to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Doctors Refusing To Treat Patients Of Other Ailments Over Fear Of COVID-19, Says PTF
More deaths are being recorded in patients with other ailments because medical institutions in the country are refusing to handle cases because of fear of contracting coronavirus, the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the pandemic has observed… Read full story Malami Explains Why Buhari Signs Executive Orders
The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Thursday, said the Presidential Executive Orders are aimed at complementing existing legislation and ensure inter-agency coordination in the process of implementation… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING