LIFEFORTE International High  School, Ibadan, Oyo State has emerged tops in the Outstanding Cambridge Learners Awards 2020, with the students winning 53 awards in various categories. The icing on the cake is the emergence of some of the students as best in the World in AS level in Mathematics and Business as well as O level Geography. The Outstanding Cambridge  Learner Awards are a group of awards issued by Cambridge Assessment International Education in recognition of exceptional learner achievement in Cambridge examinations around the world. The primary purpose of the awards is to celebrate and recognise the success of high-performing Cambridge learners. The awards recognise excellence in student performance and are given across a range of categories in the examinations conducted by CAIE. Students of Lifeforte International High School, Ibadan, in addition to the emerging top in the world in AS level Mathematics, Business and O level Geography, also emerged Best Across four subjects at AS level for November 2018 and 2019, Best Across eight subjects at O level for June 2019 and November 2019, top in Nigeria AS & O level in 17  places across 10 subjects and 29 High Achievement awards at AS & O level across social science, science and art subjects. The principal of the school, Mrs Grace Aina, who received the news from the British Council, was full of gratitude to God,  noting that the sterling performance could only have been possible through the grace of God who crowned the hard work of the students and dedicated teachers. Lifeforte International High School was established in 1990 by Pastor (Dr) Olubi and Dr Sarah Johnson to provide a  globally relevant, balanced, comprehensive educational experience for the holistic development of children. The school truly represents a new dawn in Christian character-building and all-round excellence. Pastor (Dr) Olubi and Sarah Johnson are quiet philanthropists and founders of Olubi and Sarah Johnson Foundation, an organisation committed to improving educational standards among the less privileged.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story APC Crisis: Oshiomhole’s Exit Heralds 2023 Battle
As the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains and ordinary faithful watch with bated breath the unfolding power game in the ruling party, there are indications that what is playing out in the battle for the party structures ahead 2023 Presidency… Read Full Story IPPIS Crisis: Varsity Workers Give FG 14-Day Ultimatum
Varsity workers, under the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), have issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!