The Police Command in Ogun, on Thursday, said it had arrested a 25-year-old, Wasiu Bankole, for alleged forceful carnal knowledge of a 70-year-old woman. The command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, made this disclosure in a statement in Abeokuta. The spokesman said that Bankole allegedly committed the offence on Tuesday at Abule Lemode area of Ijoko in Ifo Local Government Area of the state. Oyeyemi stated that the suspect was arrested on Wednesday following a report by the victim at the Agbado Divisional Police Station. He said that the suspect allegedly broke into the septuagenarian’s house at 8 p.m. on Tuesday to commit the alleged offence. “The victim stated further that it was one of her neighbours, who heard her screaming that came to rescue her by using a stick to hit the suspect on his back. “The victim added that the suspect immediately jumped off her and ran away, leaving his clothes, shoes and torchlight inside her room. “Upon the report, the DPO, Agbado Division, SP Kuranga Yero, dispatched detectives to look for the suspect in order to bring him to justice. “The detectives succeeded in getting him arrested on Wednesday around Ijoko area and brought him to the station. “On interrogation, he confessed to committing the crime but claimed to have acted under the influence of alcohol. “The victim has been taken to the hospital for medical attention.” Oyeyemi said the Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, had ordered the transfer of the suspect to the Anti-Human Trafficking and Child Labour Unit, State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (SCIID) for further investigation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story