House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme (GEEP). Chairman, House Committee on Public Accounts, Hon. Wole Oke disclosed this in Abuja while addressing Federal Commissioner, National Commission for Refugees, Migrants and Internally Displayed Persons, Senator Bashiru Mohammed; Director, Finance and Administration, Mr Umaru Hassan and other officials. Hon. Oke who explained that the sub-committees set by the Committee will commence work next week explained that all the projects enumerated by various MDAs under the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development as well as Sustainable Development Goals, would be inspected with the view to ensure value for money between 2015 and 2019. “You will all recall that the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, has been here. They beefed us about all their programmes particularly under the National Social Investment Programmes of government. We are only expecting one other Programme Officer to brief us on all the programmes of the government in this area ad that is under Government Enterprise Empowerment Programme, which is domiciled with the Bank of Industry. “So we have written to Bank of Industry but I think they have a problem; their problem is connecting to Abuja from Lagos, they are based in Lagos so there is no flight for them to be here, so that’s the problem we have; so we are waiting for them. “All other programmes have been appraised, all these programmes, like we ruled earlier, that subcommittees across the 36 states of the federation and FCT would commence work next week to look into these programmes and consider value for money vis-a-vis the claims of the various programmes officers,” he noted. ALSO READ: Presidency congratulates Ize-Iyamu over emergence as APC candidate “For the Refugee Commission, we are looking at their activities from 2015 to 2019. This is also applicable to SDGs, we have only seen the officials of Refugee Commission; we don’t know whether SDG has immunity not to appear before the Parliament. “But we will have to wait, we will have to tarry while we considering Refugee Commission, we will see whether they will come or not, then we will now decide on our next line of action,” he observed. Hon. Oke explained that the sub-Committee while on oversight function of all the NSIPs projects across various zones and states of the federation. According to him, the Refugee Commission also houses some of our Zonal Intervention Projects and Constituency projects. “So we will also be looking at the level of delivery, efficiency, value for money because some of our members have been wrongly accused; wrongly alleged even by an NGO – BudgIT or something on Internet and twitter. “Often than none they alleged our members have taken x, y, z projects to their constituencies but this exercise will throw light on those things because it is one thing to appropriate, but we want to see what were the actuals. “Was it 50%, was it 30%, was it 40%, so that Nigerians will be aware and then this mudslinging, blackmailing of our lawmakers and leaders will stop,” he noted. While presenting the budget performance of the ZIP appropriated funds for the period under review, the Commission’s Director of Finance and Administration, Mr Umaru Hassan, disclosed that from the sum of N2.514 billion was approved in 2015 out which the sum of N2.22 billion (the equivalent of 88.4%) was released and utilised 100%. In 2016, out of a total sum of N2.924 billion approved for Zonal Intervention Projects, the sum of N2.339 billion was released to the Commission (representing about 88%) with 100% utilization. In 2017, out of the total sum of N3.269 billion approved for the Zonal Intervention Projects, the sum of N2.3 billion was released. In 2018, out of the sum of N4.75 billion approved for Zonal Intervention Projects, the sum of N3.482 billion (representing 73.2%) was released to the Commission. In 2019, out of the sum of N3.424 billion approved for Zonal Intervention Projects, the sum of N1.369 billion (representing 26.42%) was released. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story APC Crisis: Oshiomhole’s Exit Heralds 2023 Battle
As the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains and ordinary faithful watch with bated breath the unfolding power game in the ruling party, there are indications that what is playing out in the battle for the party structures ahead 2023 Presidency… Read Full Story IPPIS Crisis: Varsity Workers Give FG 14-Day Ultimatum
Varsity workers, under the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), have issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel… Read Full Story I Didn’t Order Police CP To Prevent My Deputy From Leaving Govt House ― Akeredolu
Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has dismissed reports claiming that the Commissioner of Police in the state restrained his deputy, Agboola Ajayi, from leaving the Government House based on his directive… Read Full Story Nigerians Will Pay For Electricity If Services Become Satisfactory ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said Nigerians are willing to pay for electricity if the services they receive from the distribution companies are constant and better… Read Full Story Lawyers Task FG To Ratify ILO Convention No. 190 On Violence And Harassment
The International Lawyers Assisting Workers network (ILAW), Nigeria Chapter has called on the Federal Government to speedily ratify the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention No. 190 on Violence and Harassment in the world of work… Read Full Story The Revenue Crisis And The Challenge Of Government
It has become a truth, universally acknowledged, that Nigeria currently faces an unprecedented revenue crisis. A report on the Medium-Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy (MTEF/FSP) recently released by the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget, and National Planning, revealed that during Q1 2020… Read Full Story Now That You Are Young
I am a prince in Oyo State and I grew up in the city of Ibadan before leaving for Lagos State. In the early 80s and 90s, the third-largest city in Africa, Ibadan, had so many young rich men and women, who did not understand what I want to share with you right now. It will help you a great deal if you will put it into practice. Remember… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!