United States president, Donald Trump, said he went down to the White House bunker during the protests in Washington DC to inspect it and not because of any possible threat, the Daily Mail of UK reported on Wednesday. He denied a report he was taken into the secure shelter by Secret Service agents on Friday night out of concerns for his safety. “I go down, I’ve gone down two or three times – all for inspection – and you go there, some day you may need it,” he said on Wednesday on Brian Kilmeade’s FOX News Radio show. “I went down. I looked at it. It was during the day, it was not a problem.” The president reportedly spent an hour there on Friday night as hundreds of protesters gathered outside the White House, some of them throwing rocks and tugging at police barricades. Trump was said to be furious at the image of himself in the underground bolt hole, which was designed for use in emergencies like a terrorist attack. His tough crack down on protesters and march to St. John’s Church across from the White House on Monday – where police used gas and rubber bullets to clear peaceful demonstrators from the area to make way for the president – was, in part, a response to the bunker reports. He described his time in the underground room as ‘more for an inspection.’ “I was there for a tiny, short little period of time,” he told Kilmeade in a 30 minute interview on Wednesday morning. “A whole group of people went with me as an inspecting factor. “They said it would be a good time to go down and take a look because maybe sometime you’re going to need it,” he noted. “I’ve been down – that’d be number two, so two and half sort of, because I’ve done different things, but two and a half. “But I looked I was down for a very very short period of time, a very very short period of time, I can’t tell you who went with me but a whole group of people went with me,” Trump added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Reps Approve $22.799bn External Loan, Revised 2020-2022 MTEF-FSP Amidst Protest
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved Federal Government’s request to borrow $22.799 billion external loan and the revised Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Policy Paper (FSP), as South-East lawmakers protested exclusion from the new borrowing plan… Read full story We Have Not Relaxed Ban On Religious Activities, 8pm To 5am Curfew Still In Force, Says Oyo Govt
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, headed by Governor Seyi Makinde, stated on Tuesday that it was yet to relax the ban on religious activities and the curfew imposed as a result of the pandemic. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the Task Force made its… Read full story I Expect Police To Bring UNIBEN Student’s Killers To Justice Quickly, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Uwaila Omozuwa, the University of Benin undergraduate who was raped and later died last week, saying he expected the Nigerian Police to speedily investigate the case and ensure the culprits are brought to justice… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!