The mayor of the US capital city, Washington, has formally asked President Donald Trump to remove federal forces from the district. The forces were deployed amid protests over police brutality, which in some instances descended into rioting. Mayor Muriel Bowser noted in her letter to the president that there were no fresh arrests in recent days of sustained protests and asked that the troops leave “our city.” The mayor has come across as being subtly supportive of the protests and more overtly has been pushing back against federal heavy-handed tactics in the city. Washington is not a state, under the constitution, and has a unique status. It was granted “Home Rule,” though the federal government still has influence and power. Federal property throughout the city is under the Federal Government’s control. ALSO READ: Oil firms deliberately destroying Niger Delta Environment ― Gov Diri The federal troops have at times seen the most intense clashes with protesters demonstrating over the death of George Floyd, a black man killed by police in Minnesota, including using tear gas outside the White House. Among the federal forces were poorly identified members of various Justice Department agencies, including the Bureau of Prisons riot control teams. The incidents have renewed the debate over statehood for the district. Bowser posted a tweet in favour of the move this week. Republicans in Congress are opposed. “Stand with DC now… or later wonder how it happened to your state,” Bowser said on Twitter, referring to federal overreach. COVID-19: Nigeria Experiencing Steady Rise In Maternal, Child Mortality ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, lamented that the country is experiencing a steady rise in maternal and child mortality as a result of disrupted essential services, due to the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story Through Facebook, Three Brothers Kidnap, Murder 55-Yr-Old Mother Of Five Children
Three brothers of one Emmanuel family, Johnson, Gideon and Success, have been arrested by the police for the kidnap and murder of one Mrs Janet Ogbonnaya. One of the three brothers, Johnson Emmanuel, had lured the woman, a mother of five children, via Facebook from her Gwagwalada home where they allegedly… Read full story Police Give Account Of How 21 People Were Killed In 2 LGs In Zamfara
Zamfara State police command has said 21 people were killed in attacks carried out in two local government areas of the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the police image-maker… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE