Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, on Monday, took a swipe at the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) for failing in defending the rule of law in the country. Making particular reference to the disqualification of Governor Godwin Obaseki by the All Progressives Congress (APC), Wike described the NGF as a toothless bulldog. He lampooned the governors’ forum for consistently not speaking out against the abuse of the nation’s constitution, such that governors had become beggars. According to Wike, the governors’ forum has been captured and has lost its voice on national issues. Wike stated this on Monday at a media parley held at Government House, Port Harcourt. He lamented wanton impunity by the APC-led government such as withdrawal of his security aides as governor of Rivers State, and the use of force and security agencies to sway elections in its favour. According to Wike, the APC was out to unleash terror on Edo people in the forthcoming election as it did on Rivers State during the 2019 rescheduled election. He bemoaned the disqualification of Obaseki from pursuing his re-election bid on the platform of the APC as epochal, unimaginable and the height of impunity. Wike further lamented that the disqualification was a stain on his integrity of Obaseki. “Before 2015, the Governors Forum used to be very powerful as symbols of their respective states but APC killed it because they were protecting the interest of the ruling party. “During one of the rerun elections in this state, my security aides were withdrawn thus exposing me to danger, the Forum did not say anything because the chairman was a member of APC. “I told them then that what they were doing was wrong. Now, they have become a Beggars Forum even when there are constitutional infractions. “You can see that APC governors say that they are progressive. You can see how progressive they are when they keep quiet when a fellow sitting governor is disqualified from contesting elections. “Practice what you preach. The APC governors, up till now, cannot come out to say, we can’t take this. It is not that you disqualified an aspirant, he is a sitting governor. His integrity has come to question. Tell me any party in this world that will disqualify a sitting governor. “There is this impunity that APC has, like the way they unleashed terror on Rivers people in 2019, they will also unleash that terror on Edo people in September using security agencies. “If that impunity is not there, there is no way any right-thinking person will ever contemplate or implement the disqualification of a sitting governor. If not, what they actually believe that they are in control of government. “They can say, we have the army; we have the police; we have INEC; so, we can disqualify him and then unleash terror using the soldiers, police, arrest every PDP person and then ask INEC to announce the result and nothing will happen. “They tried it in Rivers State, but God gave us the will to say no. I hope Edo people will also say no to their impunity. “Adams Oshiomhole campaigned for Governor Obaseki four years ago. The same man has turned around to say that Obaseki has a defective certificate. “Has Oshiomhole apologised to Nigerians that he supported someone with a defective certificate? Who is saying that a sitting governor has a defective certificate? Is it a man that does not have a certificate? “Oshiomhole should be told to practice what he preaches. APC wants to perpetrate impunity in Edo State the way they unleashed terror in Rivers State in 2019. Speaking on Governor Obaseki’s speculated defection to PDP, Governor Wike said though he will glad to receive him, there was no guarantee of an automatic ticket. He noted that Edo people had a role in deciding the fate of Obaseki. The governor debunked insinuations made by the State Chairman of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Dr Obelebra Adebiyi about the state’s response towards COVID-19, asserting that the state government had given the Ministry of Health all that it required to fight the pandemic. The governor stated that the increasing number of COVID-19 cases were as a result of more tests conducted on persons. “Obelebra, who is in charge of the state treatment centre, cannot politicise the fight by creating unnecessary panic to score cheap political points,” Wike said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story APC Appeal Committee Validates Obaseki’s Disqualification Governor of Edo State and aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki may have reached the end of the road in his quest to fly the gubernatorial flag of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming September 19, 2020 election in Edo State… Read full story Aso Rock Crisis: Shots Fired To Stop Buhari’s PA’s Getaway Car —Sources  THERE were indications Saturday that shots that were reportedly heard inside the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday evening, were fired in an attempt to stop Sabiu Tunde Yusuf from fleeing in a getaway car after refusing to self-isolate on return from a trip as required for COVID-19 containment protocols… Read full story Havoc In The Air! COVID-19: Aviation, Tourism Sectors In Disarray • 124,500 travel agencies jobs threatened WHEN coronavirus broke out in Wuhan, China late last year, not many countries took notice, but by the turn of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of the year, the whole world had not only taken notice: millions of the citizens had become victims of the virus… Read full story Ordering Controversy: The Pros And Cons Of Buhari’s Executive Order 10 Save for President William Henry Harrison, all United States presidents, beginning with George Washington in 1789, had issued one executive order or the other, and the practice of using such executive power also has its origin in the same United State, with the first ever executive order, issued on June 8, 1789 by… Read full story Stop Nepotism, Embrace Others, Clark Tells Buhari Elder statesman and convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Clark, on Friday, admonished President Muhammadu Buhari to drop the toga of nepotism and injustice against the South South, saying “things cannot continue this way… Read full story Ibadan Records Third Killing In Two Weeks As 21-Yr-Old Lady Is Macheted To Death One Grace Oshiagwu was macheted to death on Saturday by yet-to-be identified persons, in Ibadan, Oyo State. The deceased, a 21-year-old lady was killed in a church mission building at Idi-ori Area,Shasha, off the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway… Read full story Pulling Down Christopher Columbus’ Buhari Statues YOU may not like their reckless consumption of drugs, the airs they put on as “stars” and the pumped-up peacock ego sometimes exhibited by them at their apogee of stardom but the reality is that, popular culture musicians, that is indigenous African musicians and even Africanist musicians among them, are prophets of… Read full story Do Black Lives Matter In Nigeria? The sheer wickedness of his murder by the police turned George Floyd into a global figure as the world rose in one accord to condemn the inhuman treatment meted to him which resulted in his death. As soon as the video of Derek Chauvin, a former Minneapolis Police Department officer, kneeling on the neck of… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING