Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike has said that on-going increased testing of prospective COVID-19 patients in the state is a commitment to save more lives. The Governor gave the assurance when the Executive Director of BUA Foundation presented three ambulances to him at government house, Port Harcourt. He stated that more testing will reveal more COVID-19 cases in order to give prompt medical attention to the people. “The more we test, the more the number will increase and we are willing to continue to test. Let our people know that this not the kind of sickness to be ashamed of. Nobody knows who you have shaken hands with. “I’m sure, in Rivers State, we have lost not less than 38 lives on the record. Nobody will be happy that each day you wake up, you hear that somebody, probably a breadwinner of the family, is no longer there because of COVID-19 pandemic. ALSO READ: Equities market opens week bullish by 0.12 per cent “In fact, I have given a directive that all staff of government House must go for testing, Nobody knows who is a carrier and we must save everybody as much as we can,” he said. Governor Wike noted the sustained support from BUA Foundation to the Rivers state government particularly at this period of COVID-19 pandemic. He said most companies in the state are only interested in making profit but would not support the government to save lives. Wike said; “BUA group has not only come to support us at this critical period but they have shown that really, they are part and parcel of the state. I sincerely commend you. “So many companies shy away from identifying with the state where they operate because of lack of understanding. Making profit alone is what is important to them but to support the government to save a life is very difficult for them”. He added; “You have donated to the Rivers state government the sum N100million before, you have given us a lorry load of other items. Today, you have given us three life support ambulances. “I want to sincerely say that Rivers State government will continue to identify with you and to make sure that we make the environment easy for you to continue to do your business. “All those who are here and not supporting us to save a life in the state should not also expect to get cooperation from the Rivers state government. Those I consider as brothers and sisters are persons who identify with me when I’m in trouble. “Do not relent in supporting the government of the state. This is where you’re doing business. We are peaceful people and have fought insecurity to the lowest ebb. You can attest to the fact today that, apart from to COVID-19, Rivers state is safe,” he added. Executive Director of BUA Foundation, Khalifa Rabiu expressed appreciation to governor Wike for creating a conducive business environment for their operations. He said they had donated N100 million and a lorry load of COVID-19 preventive items plus the three ambulances they have presented today. Mr Rabiu said the donation is a show of their support to the Rivers state government to enable it to succeed in the fight against COVID-19. Commissioner for health, Professor Princewill Chike said so far, 3,434 samples have been tested and the state treatment centre has successfully managed and discharged about 584 patients. Professor Chike also said there are about 284 medical personnel engaged and catered for by the state government at the treatment centres, and surveillance offices. This, he explained, is exclusive of those sponsored by the international oil companies adding that the state government also released over 40 ambulances to strengthen the response capacity of the team YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets
It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours
No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque
Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story How To Avoid Sliding From Success To Failure
When former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) governor, Chukwuma Soludo, directed banks to shore up their capital base to N25 billion in 2006, Intercontinental Bank was one of those that had no problem complying. The bank had built such a solid reputation for itself that when it issued its initial public offer, it enjoyed good subscription… Read Full Story AMCON Takes Over Assets Of Unicorn Place Over N1.3bn Debt
THE Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has taken over assets belonging to Ike Nwabuoku, the Chief Promoter of Unicorn Place & Leisure Services Limited over-indebtedness of over N1.3billion… Read Full Story APC NEC Meeting: Apologise, Stop Denying Your Wrong Deeds, PDP Tells Presidency
Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has flayed the President Muhammadu Buhari administration for denying the use of the Federal Executive Council Chamber for partisan purposes like playing host to the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story LAUTECH Resident Doctors Begin 5-Day Warning Strike Monday
The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital chapter, has called on its members to embark on a five-day warning strike from Monday, June 29… Read Full Story Buni’s Appointment Constitutional ― Giadom
Immediate past Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Victor Giadom has dismissed views by some critics that the appointment of the Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni as Chairman, APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Committee was in breach of the party’s constitution… Read Full Story Revenue Collection: Court Fixes July 6 For Borehole Drillers Case Against Oyo Govt, Consultant
Justice Lateef Ganiyu of the Oyo State High Court sitting in Ibadan has fixed July 6, 2020, for hearing in a case filed by some aggrieved members of the Association of Water Well Drilling Rig Owners Practitioners (AWDROP) and Borehole Drilling Association of Nigeria (BODAN) against the Oyo State Government over the… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (II)
They understand that they are responsible for their success and that good luck is not something that magically happens. “Luck” is simply the result of hard work and identifying opportunities. They know that one must earn the right to be successful. Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill states, “You are the master of your destiny… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Killings In Akinyele
AKINYELE Local Government Area in Oyo State is fast becoming a slaughter slab for innocent citizens. In the last month, five persons have been reportedly slain in cold blood in the area. Citizens Bello Barakat, Azeezat Shomuyiwa, Grace Oshiagwu, Mojeed Tirimisiyu and a yet to be identified young woman have all been… Read Full Story Obafemi Awolowo And The Struggle Of The Middle Belt
A fortnight ago, a bill was proposed by Honourable Kpam Sokpo (PDP, Benue) for enshrining the Six Geopolitical Zones into law while renaming the North Central as “Middle Belt”. Knowing what we know, this bill is a rather tall order. But it raises issues that the educated public needs to understand. The peoples of the Middle Belt… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!