The Ondo Secretary to the State Government, Hon. Sunday Abegunde, on Monday, debunked the rumour that he has left the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Abegunde who made this known on a statement issued by him, described the rumour as false, baseless and maintaining that he was still a card-carrying member of the APC. Abegunde who said he would have kept quiet over the rumour, however, said it became necessary in order not destabilise the party at this particular period. The SSG vowed to continue to throw his weight behind the party and will therefore not join hands to destroy or abandon the ship he joined hands to build. ALSO READ: [BREAKING] Leadership crisis: Buhari, APC governors in crucial meeting The statement read: “My attention has been drawn to the story of my decampment from the All Progressive Congress (APC) to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) by some people on numerous social media platforms. “While I would have loved to remain silent, It is, however, necessary for me to halt the spread of the mischievous falsehood once and for all. “I Ifedayo Sunday Abegunde has not and will not decamp from the All Progressive Congress (APC). I am a founding member of the party in Ondo State and I will not abandon the ship I built. “It is on record that I was singled out by the past administration for unparalleled victimisation because I joined the progressive fold, under the now-defunct Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN). The legal persecution which I went through has and will remain a point of reference for a long time. “Be rest assured that I remain committed to the progressive family and its Ideology” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!