THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has extended by three months, the deadline for submission of the 2019 Audited Financial Statements by Other Financial Institutions (OFIs). A circular to this effect on Friday signed by the Director, Other Financial Institutions Supervision Department, CBN Nkiru Asiegbu stated that all Other Financial Institutions are required to submit the 2019 Audited Financial Statements on or before July 31, 2020. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 27 (1) (a) of Banks and Other Financial Institution Act  (BOFIA), all banks and OFIs are required to forward the audited financial statements of each financial year to the CBN for approval before the end of the fourth month following the year to which they relate. Accordingly, the 2019 Audited Financial Statements should have reached the CBN on or before April 30, 2020. “However, we have observed that the lockdown of most cities in the country due to the coronavirus pandemic has restricted the engagement of External Auditors and the daily operations of all OFIs across the country. “Therefore, the deadline for submission has been extended by three months. For the avoidance of doubt, all Other Financial Institutions are required to submit the 2019 Audited Financial Statements on or before July 31, 2020. “Please note that the Central Bank of Nigeria will monitor compliance with the extended date, and defaulters will be sanctioned accordingly,” the circular read in part. Some OFIs include Microfinance Banks, Mortgage Institutions among others. It should be remembered that the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) had also extended the time for quoted companies to submit their audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019. This was contained in a circular, which was addressed to Dealing Member Firms (DMFs) on March 24, and signed by the Head, Broker Dealer Regulation of the Nigerian Stock Exchange. According to the NSE, the decisions outlined in the circular, are part of measures taken by The Exchange to reduce the business and economic impacts on the activities of the Dealing Member Firms. This decision means that the NSE has approved a temporary suspension of the provisions of Rule 7.4 (Submission of Financial and Non-Financial Reports to the Exchange) of the Rulebook of the Exchange, 2015 as amended. The Rule states that, ‘Every Dealing Member shall submit to the Exchange its audited financial statements, within ninety (90) calendar days of the end of the fiscal, and its quarterly returns within thirty (30) calendar days of the end of the quarter; and any other periodic report within the period stipulated by the Exchange’. As part of its statement in the circular, the NSE appreciates the fact that some of the internal governance, auditing and other processes including the engagement of external auditors to carry out the audit of Dealing Member Firms, may have been negatively affected by the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic. It therefore decided to grant all DMFs an additional sixty (60) day grace period for the submission of their audited financial statement for the year ended December 31, 2019 which was supposed to be due for submission on Monday, March 30, 2020. It means that the deadline date for submission of the audited financial statement for all the DMFs was now extended to Friday, May 29, 2020.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apple Music Appoints Florence Otedola (Aka) DJ Cuppy Its First Radio Show Host In Africa
The biggest company in the world, Apple Music, is launching its first radio show in Africa on Sunday and DJ Cuppy whose real name is Florence Ifeoluwa Otedola is its host. The streaming platform announced Thursday that “Africa Now Radio with Cuppy” will debut Sunday and will feature a mix of contemporary… Read full story 21 Years Of Civil Rule: Gains, Pains And Prospects
MOST Nigerians remain nostalgic about the epochal, extraordinary transformation that was heralded in the defunct Western Region of Nigeria in the First Republic under visionary and dynamic leadership. In just eight years of the pragmatic and purposeful leadership, imbued with vision, the region shocked the… Read full story Economy: Many Miles Crossed, Many Miles Lie Ahead
Politics and economy are entangled. Politics determines the economic direction while the economy determines the strength of the polity. If the economy is ailing, so will be the polity and vice versa. But the interplay between politics and the economy is choreographed by politicians… Read full story COVID-19: We’re Yet To Receive Promised Ventilators From US ― Minister
The Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said the Federal Government is yet to receive the promised ventilators from the United States of America (USA). The minister said this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus (COVID-19) daily news conference… Read full story Sokoto Bandit Attacks: Buhari Orders ‘Fierce’ Military Operation
President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the military to embark of a fierce operation to dislodge bandits terrorising people in Sokoto State. While condoling with families who lost loved ones in an attack by bandits in Sabon Birni Local Government it the state, he prayed for the quick recovery of those that sustained injuries… Read full story COVID-19: Ogun Govt Lifts Lockdown
The Ogun State Government has lifted the lockdown order pronounced on the state, since the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic to combat the spread of the disease from Monday to Friday. This was contained in the address of the State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Thursday, while updating the efforts… Read full story Osinbajo Heads Use Of Toilet Campaign Committee
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday inaugurated the Steering Committee of the “Clean Nigeria: Use the Toilet Campaign,” which he leads as chairman. Tribune Online reports that the committee comes as stakeholders continue to ramp up efforts to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Doctors Refusing To Treat Patients Of Other Ailments Over Fear Of COVID-19, Says PTF
More deaths are being recorded in patients with other ailments because medical institutions in the country are refusing to handle cases because of fear of contracting coronavirus, the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the pandemic has observed… Read full story Malami Explains Why Buhari Signs Executive Orders
The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Thursday, said the Presidential Executive Orders are aimed at complementing existing legislation and ensure inter-agency coordination in the process of implementation… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING