 Top radio personality, Dan Foster, is dead  By Rotimi Ige  Dan Foster, Nigerian-based on-air  personality, has died. The popular radio voice, who, according to many industry stakeholders, helped shape the unique presentation of radio entertainment programming in Lagos died earlier on Wednesday, allegedly of Covid 19 related infection.  He was 60 years old. Popularly known as the Big Dawg, he was a celebrated radio presenter, whose American accent endeared many to him and radio. His stint at Cool FM was revolutionary as he spearheaded the Praise Jam yearly that saw thousands of attendees jam pack venues. Daniel Foster was born in Washington D.C and came to Nigeria in the year 2000 after which he joined Cool FM. The radio presenter, radio producer cum DJ attended Morgan State University where he studied broadcasting and drama. In his lifetime, he worked with a number of radio stations both local and internationally, including Cathy Hughes Radio One, Virgin Island, Cool FM, Classic FM and City FM, Lagos. He won the 2003, 2004 and 2005 Nigeria Media Merit Awards for Best Radio Personality, was also awarded with the 2004 and 2005 Media Person of the Year award by the City People Awards. He was a judge on the 2007 ‘Idols West Africa’ . ALSO READ: COVID-19: Nigeria can’t meet basic need of plaster, cotton bandage, surgical gloves required ― Health Minister Already encomiums and condolences have been pouring in on social media for the legend. J.J Omojuwa on his Twitter handle that ‘Dan Foster’s voice was a huge part of my growing up. His voice on Cool FM. His playfulness. His kindness. Long before I saw what he looked like, his voice communicated his personality in a way no picture needed to. This one is one loss too many. This is a really sad day”. Bovi, popular Nigerian comedian also said in his tweet that, “When I moved to lagos in November 2003, Dan Foster was one of the reasons I didn’t run back home to Delta State. I tuned into Cool FM one morning and Dan made me love radio. Rip big dawg! I’m sad you left. But I’m happy your mark remains forever “. Frank Edoho, Do2tun and many other media personalities have also posted  their condolences, stressing that the industry has indeed, lost a god. He was married to Lovina Foster and they are blessed with three children. His wife is also reported to be on admission at the Yaba Isolation center.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Names Ajimobi Acting Chairman
The National Working Committee (NWC) of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), on Tuesday, announced Senator Abiola Ajimobi as its acting National Chairman. This followed affirmation of the suspension of National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole, by an Appeal Court… Read Full Story FG Threatens To Sack Striking Doctors As Meeting Ends In Deadlock
Following the failure of the marathon meeting between the Federal Government and the doctors under the auspices of National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) to reach a compromise, the government on Tuesday threatened to sack all striking doctors who fail to report to work on Wednesday… Read Full Story I’ll Protect Children Against Sexual Violence ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has pledged the commitment of the government to protect children from sexual violence, domestic abuse and exploitation as Nigeria join the international community to celebrate the Day of the African Child… Read Full Story Osinbajo’s Committee Did Not Call For Suspension Of NYSC ― Laolu Akande
Contrary to reports circulating in the mainstream media, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo did not call for the suspension of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Tribune Online reports. Osinbajo’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Laolu Akande, made this known on Tuesday on Twitter… Read Full Story Attempt To Link Me With Naira Marley’s Flight Ridiculous ― Fashola
The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola on Tuesday described as ridiculous, attempts to link him with a flight that conveyed hip-hop star, Azeez Fashola is popularly known as Naira Marley, to Abuja for a concert last… Read Full Story Nigeria Lost N27.5bn To Oil Pipeline Vandalism In 2018 ― Audit Report
The newly published oil and gas 2018 audit report has revealed that a total of N27.551billion was lost to pipeline vandalism within the year. It stated that a total of 1,894 breaks were recorded with a loss of 204,397.07 cubic metres of crude product… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints 12 New Permanent Secretaries
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of 12 new permanent secretaries in the federal civil service. The new permanent secretaries are Akinlade Oluwatoyin (Kogi), Alkali Bashir Nura (Kano), Anyanwutaku Adaora lfeoma (Anambra), Ardo Babayo Kumo (Gombe), Belgore Shuaib Mohammad Lamido… Read Full Story US Government Declares Six Nigerians Wanted Over Internet-Related Crimes
The US government, on Tuesday, declared wanted six Nigerians who are currently on the run after they were indicted and charged for internet-related crimes. According to the US Department of Justice, the six Nigerians were indicted by both the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the US Attorney’s Office in… Read Full Story Edo 2020: Shape Of Things To Come
It is increasingly becoming well-defined some key factors that are bound to shape the 2020 governorship election in Edo State. With the main combatants not ready to yield ground on their individual and class interests, ongoing alliances and realignments of forces come in another scene in the script being acted by the… Read Full Story Boko Haram’s Ceaseless Killings
LAST week, Boko Haram reportedly attacked Faduma Kolomaiya community in Gubio Local Government Area of Borno State, killing 81 persons. Residents told Governor Babagana Zulum during a condolence visit to the area that the village head and six other persons were abducted by the marauding terrorists… Read Full Story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. You will be paid daily.
click here link to be part of it.