YEJIDE GBENGA-OGUNDARE examines the intense intrigues among members of the Unity Forum caucus in the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State for the ticket of the party for the forthcoming governorship poll in the state. AS the July 22, 2020 set aside by the Independent National Election Commission (INEC) for the All Progressives Congress (APC) gubernatorial election primaries in Ondo State draw nears, aspirants have been jolted from the lethargy occasioned by the restrictions on activities and lockdown order by government to action stem the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic and have started active politicking ahead of the primaries. Though there were underground moves in spite of the lockdown, the readiness of INEC to conduct primaries in a few weeks has created a hike in activities, with diverse virtual meetings and small political group meetings have commenced across board in various factions within the party. While the Unity Forum, a body of aggrieved party stalwarts determined to oust the incumbent government out of office by producing a consensus candidate that will slug it out with Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, in the primaries is having its own issues; many old hands have emerged to show their interest to contest on the platform of the party while new hands are also trying their best to emerge the forum’s choice. Those that have shown interest on the platform of the Unity Forum includes Akin Awodeyi Akinseyinwa, Olusola Oke, Jimi Odimayo, Jumoke Anifowose (Nee Ajasin), Dapo Adelegan, Bukola Adetula, Olusegun Abraham, Kazeem Olanrewaju, Ife Oyedele and Olayide Adelami. And while the task of choosing a consensus candidate by the leadership and the seven-man Committee of Unity Forum further deepened the cracks within the forum, creating more splinter groups and face-offs that rocked the forum to its foundations and divided the leadership interest along diverse lines, the forum still stands as a factor. The myriad allegations of corruption and other vices that have destabilised the forum, resulting in the diffusion and radiation of negative energies from aspirants to its leadership, as well as among aspirants and their sympathisers, has however not reduced the strength of the aspirants on the platform of the forum. According to political pundits, in spite of the cracks within the forum, the candidates depending on it for ticket still have a relative appeal especially at the grassroots. However, out of the aspirants, five seem to be ahead in terms of appeal, experience, prominence, visibility, commitment and other parameters and are already being referred to as the Unity Forum’s big five.  Olusola Oke (SAN) Olusola Oke spent his childhood years in the riverine Ilaje area of Ondo state. The experienced politician started life not with a silver spoon but as a child who lived in the fishing community and had great dreams. His vision propelled his struggle to read Law at the prestigious Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife. He is an influential politician with a portfolio of various political offices. Twice, he has contested for the governorship seat without success, traversing several political parties. However, some believe that his oscillation between different parties create the image of inconsistency in some quarters in addition to his perceived romance with the incumbent administration in the state.  Olayide Adelami Sixty-two-year-old Olayide Adelami is a trained administrator and accomplished public servant. He retired meritoriously a few years ago as the deputy Clerk of the National Assembly. The Owo indigene, like the incumbent governor, also holds a traditional title. And before his expression of interest in the governorship race, not much was known about his political engagements, but his campaign is gradually building inroads to the nooks and crannies of Ondo State. He is renowned for philanthropic activities among his people, thereby endearing him to them. Though he is said to have a deep pocket, he is perceived by analysts to be a green horn in the political terrain of Ondo. He is also seen by some to belong to the Akeredolu camp.  Ife Oyedele Ife Oyedele graduated as an electrical engineer from the University of Lagos in 1982 and is the executive director of Engineering and Technical Services at the Niger Delta Power Holding Company Limited. He hails from Okitipupa in the Ondo Southern senatorial district. Although, it is his first outing as a gubernatorial hopeful in the state, his campaign train moves around the state and he has a way of appealing to the people. But the belief by some people that if the governorship seat is to be taken from the South senatorial District, it should not go to Ikaleland may be a challenge.  Bukola Adetula Bukola Adetula, a Juris Doctor, studied Criminal Justice in the United States of America.  An Owo indigine, he also holds a Master’s Degree in Political Science and is no green horn in the Ondo political circuit, as he contested the gubernatorial seat in 2016 on the platform of the APC. Despite not winning, Adetula left a good impression on the minds of politicians and people in the state. He also enjoys the wealth of political ancestry as his father represented the state in the House of Representatives and is said to be a close ally of Chief Obafemi Awolowo. His philanthropy is veered towards education and health, while his political structure cuts across the state. Although he is perceived to be too ambitious and not highly rated as a socialite, he is described as the most media-friendly aspirant. 58-year-old Adetula has a thriving law practice in the United States with substantial investment in oil and gas in Nigeria.  Olusegun Abraham Olusegun Abraham, a Canada-based water engineer, holds additional Doctorate degree in Theology. The billionaire businessman and politician hails from Ikare Akoko. In the 2016 elections, he trailed Rotimi Akeredolu very closely at the primaries that produced the latter as the APC standard-bearer, a development that was taken to the election tribunals. He is rumoured to have enjoyed the support of the party bigwigs during the 2016 election. However, there are rumours that that patronage may be unavailable at present, creating a clog in his way. As political analysts keep watchful eyes on unfolding events, the people of Ondo State are also caught in the frenzy and are keeping close tabs on the Unity Forum’s Big Five.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Why Schools Must Remain Shut For Now ― Minister
PARENTS and school children anxious for reopening schools will have to wait a little more as the Federal Government on Monday insisted that the schools remain shut for now. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, speaking on Monday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 news briefing described as fake news timetables purported released from the Ministry of Education on the conduct of West African Examination Council examinations being circulated on the social media… Read full story After Pressure From Govs, Buhari Delays Gazetting Of Executive Order On Autonomy For State Legislatures, Judiciary
Pressured by state governors, President Muhammadu Buhari has agreed to delay the gazetting of Executive Order 10, which he recently signed, to grant autonomy to state legislature and judiciary… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 315 New Cases, Total Now 12,801
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 315 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 12,801… Read full story 60% Of 979 Mysterious Deaths In Kano Due To COVID-19 ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) said on Monday that a total of 979 deaths were recorded in April in Kano, during what was popularly known as Kano mysterious deaths. The Task Force, however, revealed during its daily briefing on Monday that 50 per cent to 60 per cent of the mysterious deaths were due to… Read full story Nigeria’s Economy To Contract By 3.2% As Global Economy Shrinks By 5.2% ― World Bank
The World Bank, on Monday, projected a 3.2 per cent contraction for Nigeria’s economy even as it said that the global economy would shrink by 5.2 per cent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Tribune Online reports that the World Bank’s projection is 0.2 per cent lower than the one announced by the Federal Government in… Read full story AfDB: Organised Labour Calls On US, World Powers To Respect African Choice
The Organised Labour has unanimously called on the United States (US) and other world powers with interests in the African Development Bank (AfDB) to allow the will and choice of African countries who are satisfied with the stewardship of Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, as President of the bank… Read full story As COVID-19 Bites Harder, Nigeria Risks Food Crisis
No doubt, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has had a great impact on global food production where farmers find it difficult to access their farms and inputs due to lockdown or fear of being infected. Some international food organisations in the recent past had raised alarm over the looming food crisis if… Read full story Gov Sule Sacks SSG
Gov Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has sacked the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Aliyu Ahmed-Tijani.Ahmed-Tijjani was Commissioner for Education in the administration of Sen. Umaru Al-Makura, immediate past governor of the state… Read full story Provide Corruption Evidence Against NASS Members, Group Tells NDDC
A group of concerned youth in Delta State under the auspices of Progressive Delta Youths (PDY) has challenged the management of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to make public the evidence of corruption linking members of the National Assembly to any form of fraud in the Commission… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Has Carried Out 80,000 Tests ― PTF
After 100 days Nigeria recorded its index COVID-19 case, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic said it had tested 80,000 citizens for the infection. It has also built its testing laboratory capacity from two to 30 with a laboratory in every geopolitical zone in the country, providing increased access to testing… Read full story Delta Cleric Charged With Alleged Rape As Victim Narrates Sexual Encounter
The Founder/General Overseer of Victory Revival Fasting and Prayer Ministry, Bishop Elijah Orhonigbe, was on Monday in Warri, Delta State arraigned in court for the alleged rape of a teenage girl in the church auditorium. The nineteen-year-old girl (name withheld) was allegedly raped during a private deliverance… Read full story Nigerian Students Deny Harassment Claims Against Chinese Government
A group of Nigerian students studying in China under the auspices of Coalition of Nigerian Students in China (CNSC), has denied claims that Nigerians in the country are being harassed the Chinese government. President of the group, Umar Abukabar, in a statement made available to the media on Monday, in Abuja, denounced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Barakat Bello: Yet Another Rape Killing
WHILE Nigerians were still reeling in shock over the case of Vera Omozuwa, a year-one student of Microbiology at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Edo State, who was raped and then bludgeoned to death by her assailants with a fire extinguisher while studying at the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Benin, their sensibilities were again assaulted by yet another barbaric incident… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE