The Osun State government, on Sunday,  said it had recorded 10 new COVID-19 cases, saying the new cases were from contact tracing of previous cases in Osogbo and Ilesa. The development came as the state government cautioned residents and citizens against spreading false information, clarifying that contrary to the rumour making the rounds, there were no fresh cases in any of the hospitals in the state. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Rafiu Isamotu, made this disclosure in a press statement forwarded to the Tribune Online in Osogbo. He explained that with the latest development, the number of confirmed cases in the state had risen to 116, while the number of active cases stands at 64. Commenting on the rumour that fresh cases of COVID-19 were recorded among health workers, Isamotu said “when our health workers contracted the virus, we reported it. We treated them and they are now back to their beats. To the best of my knowledge, we do not have any fresh case or cases in any of our hospitals.” ALSO READ: Senate bye-election: Intending aspirants should start applying now ― Lagos PDP “All confirmed cases are being treated in state isolation centres. The only case we had in one of our hospitals was that of a patient who later died even before his result came out. “Immediately after the incident, we decontaminated the hospital and the hospital management continued with their operations thereafter. So, I don’t know where the false information about two new cases emanated from. But wherever it came from, I say emphatically that it is false. “We must collectively join hands with the government to contain the spread of the virus. Spreading false information will not aid our fight against the spread of the virus. “With the latest development, the number of our active cases as at today, Sunday, June 28, is 64. We have 116 confirmed cases, out of which the State has successfully treated and discharged 47 patients while five deaths have been recorded,” Isamotu remarked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.