Despite the 2006 port reform that ushered in massive port infrastructure, ports users, like the proverbial Oliver Twist, have over the years lamented of inadequate infrastructure at the nation’s port. TOLA ADENUBI examines the recent infrastructure upgrade that is currently changing the narrative at Nigeria’s seaports. Excerpts  Port operations world over is premised on efficiency that is driven by adequate port infrastructure and equipment. Despite the concession of the ports in 2006 to private operators, the Federal Government still held on to some statutory roles which included the administration of land and water within the port limits; planning and development of port operational infrastructure; easing and concession of port infrastructure and setting benchmark for tariff structure and maintaining nautical/harbour operations and hydrographic survey amongst others. Since the Hadiza Bala Usman led-management took over port administration, much of the dilapidating infrastructure has witnessed an upgrade at different times leading to reduction in vessel turn-around time at the nation’s ports.  Tugboat upgrade With bigger vessels calling at Nigerian ports, the onus became imperative for the Nigerian port administration to provide conducive environment for these mega ships. A major need at the ports ahead of the visit of the mega ships is the availability of tugboats. A tug is a special class of boat without which mega ships cannot get into a port. Along with the primary purpose of towing the vessel towards the harbour, tugboats can be engaged in the purpose of providing essentials such as water, air, etc to the vessel. A tugboat eases the manoeuvring operation of vessels by forcing or tugging them towards the port. Mega vessels can never be manoeuvred on their own. Also with the increased size of the boat, they need tugboats to carry some of their domains and tow them through narrow water channels. Aside the towing of large vessels, tugboats are also essential elements for non-self-propelled barges, oil platforms, log rafts etc. Thus in 2017, the Hadiza Bala Usman-led NPA management took delivery of four tugboats namely MT Daura, MT Ubima, MT Uromi and MT Majiya. Not resting on its oars, again in June 2020, the NPA took delivery of additional two tugboats, MT Musawa and MT Ikoro-Ekiti, thereby bringing the total number of procured tugboats to six. Explaining the rationale behind the recent infrastructure upgrade, the NPA Managing Director, Hadiza Bala Usman, said that MT Musawa and MT Ikoro-Ekiti, which are Damen’s 2810 Model tugboats, will enhance the maneuvering of large capacity vessels calling at Nigeria’s ports. This would ultimately affect the turnaround time of these vessels positively. “These tugboats are with Length Over All (LOA) of 28.67m, Breath Over All (BOA) of 10.43m and 4. 90m draft. They are built under Lloyds Classification Society standards and powered by twin MTU engines to attain a speed of 13.5knots.   The power delivered by the twin MTU engines enable the tugboats to produce 60 ton bollard pull ahead and 58,7ton astern, for towing operations. They are also equipped to serve as fire-fighting machines. “The assurance is that vessel owners and concessionaires and other stakeholders will experience even better service delivery from the NPA,” the NPA MD stated.  Jetties/quay wall/quay aprons The Ikorodu Lighter Terminal, which has been left unattended to for over 30 years, was identified by the current NPA management as a major outlet for expanding the operational capacity of the ports and consequently, initiated the rehabilitation of the dilapidated quay wall/quay apron by re-plating the entire sheet pile wall to a depth of 2.4m below the capping beam and reconstruction of the collapsed quay apron with other ancillary restoration works on the failed slabs. Upon completion, the terminal will boost intermodal transportation system and serve as a major logistics platform for the handling and exportation of agro-allied produce.  Rehabilitation of Apapa port berths For years, berth 15 to 20 of the Apapa port had deteriorated and left unattended to. Its rehabilitation commenced under the current NPA management. To restore the deteriorated berths’ expected performance level for smooth cargo operations onshore as well as to optimize the vessel anchoring potential of the port for attainment of operational efficiency, NPA embarked on comprehensive rehabilitation of the facility to further attract the confidence of the shipping community to the patronage of the port.  Fender inventory/procurement As part of efforts to respond to safety requirements of international shipping, particularly with regards to berthing of vessels, the NPA management embarked on an authority-wide inventory of fendering requirements for the nation’s ports and commenced immediate procurement of fenders to make the berths suitable for vessel operations and reduce the incidence of potential ignition of fire by direct vessel impact on the quay. In this regards, a total of 180 single and double cone fenders are under procurement to replace the missing, damaged or inadequate fenders authority-wide.  Jetty infrastructure renewal In NPA’s efforts towards comprehensive infrastructure renewal and upgrade, consultancy services are being procured for study and engineering investigations in several port locations, including Tin Can Island Port Quay Wall/Quay Apron, Rivers Port Quay Wall/Quay Apron, Millero Jetty (Shoreline Logistics Jetty), Old Port, Calabar; McIver Jetty, Old Port, Calabar; and Warehouse converted to Boat Terminal Building, Calabar. This is with the aim to redesign, reconstruct and upgrade the jetties and terminal facilities to respond to the changing demands of port users and to respond to the demands of modern changes in the sizes and configuration of vessels for which the present structure of the berthing facilities have become obsolete, due to their inability to accommodate contemporary Length Overall (LOA) of Vessels. Upon completion, the berths are to be redefined and re-delineated to accommodate modern LOA of vessels which are in some instances in excess of 300 meters.  Port access roads Over the years, the nation’s port access roads had become dilapidated and characterized by gullies, frequently falling cargo trucks, heavy traffic congestion along port approaches. The hues and cries associated with the gruesome traffic situation resulted in the current NPA management taking a bold step to attract relevant stakeholders and government organizations to the need for urgent steps to ensure the rehabilitation of port roads. This manifested in the following: – Joint funding of reconstruction of Apapa Wharf Road, Apapa, Lagos, with contributions from NPA, Dangote and Flourmills Nigeria Limited; – Emergency repair works on failed sections of port access road Apapa, Lagos; – Resurfacing of link roads by Overhead Bridge to Main Gate, Lagos Port Complex, Apapa; – Rehabilitation of Dockyard access road, Apapa. – Reconstruction of port access road between the Free Trade Zone Roundabout to Main Gate of Calabar Port (1.6km), Calabar; – Rehabilitation of segment of Common User Road with Ports and Terminal Operations Limited (PTOL) premises, Rivers Port, Port Harcourt; – Reconstruction of access/internal road at NPA Bonny Signal Station, Bonny Island, Rivers State; and – Rehabilitation of Common User Road, Old Port, Delta Ports, Warri; The NPA also spearheaded the rehabilitation and reconstruction of Apapa –Oshodi – Oworonsoki Expressway through consistent and persistent pressure on the Federal Government. The work is currently on-going.  Dredging The agency also carried out remedial dredging works and provision of aids to navigation for the Escravos Access Channel. This channel has not been dredged for over three decades, thereby reducing the optimization of operational potential. Since the dredging was effected, Warri Port has started receiving liner vessels. The Escravos entrance, a part of the Delta navigation channel, is the entry point of the Warri and Escravos rivers into the sea. It is through this approach channel that ships, ocean-going vessels and trawlers enter the various sea ports in Delta State. This has brought a fresh lease of life to shipping in the Delta Ports and its operating environment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story Panic, Gloom… •Experts Reveal What COVID-19 Pandemic Portends For Nigeria’s Economy
WHEN Nigerians, at the beginning of the year, expressed their reservations about the 2020 budget, especially the signing of the Finance Bill, which, they argued, would further impoverish the common man, little did they envisage the advent of a public health crisis, in form of COVID-19, throw economies of individuals… Read Full Story COVID-19: EU, UN Hand Over Medical Supplies To Nigeria
European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have received and handed over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read Full Story I Did Not Stop Investigation Of NIRSAL ― Malami
The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has denied an online report that he stopped the investigation of the Nigeria Incentive-based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)… Read Full Story Security: It Is Buhari’s Call, Not Buratai’s 
President Muhammadu Buhari, last Thursday, gave a damning verdict on the nation’s security and intelligence chiefs when he told them that their best was not good enough for the nation and that he would no longer take any excuse from them for the rising insecurity in the land. According to the National Security Adviser… Read Full Story Edo: Of Oshiomhole, Saraki’s Snail And Naked Masquerade Allegories
COURT-SUSPENDED All Progressives Party (APC) Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, a few days before his court ouster, subtly flexed his power muscles and demonstrated a commendable grasp of African proverbs and aphorisms. Taking to his Twitter handle to do this, Oshiomhole had aptly announced that his smallish… Read Full Story 90 Days Of Pandemonium: A Nation At War With COVID-19
WHEN the Nigerian Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19 was constituted on Tuesday, March 17, the mandate was clear. With a timeline of six months, the body was assigned to “strengthen the national response strategy, particularly in the areas of testing, containment and management… Read Full Story Resident Doctors Set To Call Off Nationwide Strike, As NGF Intervenes
The leadership of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday night communicated its resolve to suspend the ongoing nationwide strike which commenced on Monday, 16th June 2020… Read Full Story Alleged Rape Saga: D’banj May Lose UN Ambassador Status
Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled against him… Read Full Story Nigeria’s New Rapeublic: Where Repulsively Rapacious Men Prey On Female Gender
TWENTY-TWO-YEAR-OLD Vera Uwaila Omozuwa had hoped to become an evangelist due to her passion for the gospel of Christ. Since the lockdown and closure of places of worship occasioned by the dreaded coronavirus pandemic began, the young lady had always sought the quietude of her church premises to study… Read Full Story 76 Nigerians Killed By COVID-19 In One Week
SEVENTY-SIX Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!