Headquarters of the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) was on Monday shut  on fears of coronavirus contamination. It was gathered that the shutdown was to enable officials of Federal Ministry of Environmental carry out a decontamination of the building. Sources told Tribune Online that it would be the second time that the building, located at the Central Business District, which also houses Debt Management Office  since April, would be shut over the matter. Shortly after staff were placed on two weeks on and two weeks off due to COVID-19 pandemic, the building was shut and contaminated. “The two weeks on and off duty regime will end on June 30 and I believe this closure was to prepare for full resumption,” the source disclosed. Another source at the corporation said management considered the exercise necessary because of the flurry of activities at the headquarters in the last two weeks as a result of which many guests visited the building. Officials of the Federal Ministry of Environment also visited the building on Monday to finalise arrangements for the fumigation. They are expected back on Tuesday with the hope that the exercise could be completed by Wednesday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!