Chief Sola Ebiseni is one of the People Democratic Party (PDP) frontline aspirants in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the chances of the party ahead of the election.  WHAT’S the chance of your party in the October 10 governorship election in the state? The PDP is the party to beat in the state. At the latest exercise, which was the Presidential and the National Assembly elections in 2019, the PDP won the Presidential election with a margin of more than 10,000. We clinched two of the three Senatorial Districts and three of the nine House of Representatives seats while APC had four.  ADC won one seat and SDP shared the remaining. That has effectively pushed the APC into an opposition minority party despite being in power. All factors considered, including the fact that the APC is fractiously and irredeemably divided and in shambles, the PDP is assuredly set on the path of victory.  With the calibre of aspirants jostling for the party ticket, how bright is your chance of clinching the ticket? Among the said calibre, only two of us have really put our names and integrity in the gubernatorial contest in the past and this is my third attempt including a Senatorial contest. Besides, I have been part of the governance of the state in the last three decades as elected local government chairman, three times commissioner by different administrations, a South West delegate at the 2014 National Conference, a member of the Presidential Campaign Council and PDP Chief Collation Agent and Returning Officer in the 2019 Presidential and National Assembly elections. In all of these endeavours, we have comparative advantage in the knowledge of the state and interactions with the people.  Would the recent defection of the deputy governor of the state shore up the chances of the party? That is part of the catastrophic calamity that has befallen the APC. In the history of the state politics, the party in power has never survived such major upsets. In 2003, Dr. Mimiko pulled out of the AD with his group, joined forces and subjected himself to the existing structure for the victory of the PDP. In 2006, Alli Olanusi, as PDP state chairman, mobilised a sizeable group from the party and subjected himself to the Labour Party structure being then midwifed by Dr. Mimiko. I see a similar scenario playing out if the PDP is conscious of this historical reality and take advantage of it strategically without undue excitement that may put its own fragile stability in jeopardy.  What are your plans for the state if eventually you win the governorship election? Like I said earlier, I have been part of the governance of the state in the last three decades and learnt at the feet of giants. We shall follow the path of social welfarist programmes in the areas of education and healthcare services, making the people the epicentre of our policies. We intend to take advantage of the abundant resources to diversify the economy from the current federation account dependent economy. Agriculture, in which we have comparative advantage shall be taken up as business adding value  to the economy of the state and improved well being of the people rather than mostly for  subsistence existence as being currently practiced. We shall take full economic benefits of our state being the fifth largest oil producing state. The same goes for the rocks that dot the landscape of the three Senatorial Districts. Youth employment with emphasis on the deployment of ICT shall be accorded priority consideration.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story Heartburn While Lying Down
Heartburn occurs as a result of food and acid leaking from the stomach up into the food pipe, or esophagus. Common causes of heartburn while lying down include, consuming particular foods, eating too close to bedtime, and taking certain prescription medications. Heartburn while lying down may also be a sign of… Read Full story Kidnap: Gunmen Abduct Nine Passengers In Ondo
Gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen on Friday evening abducted nine passengers aboard an Abuja bound vehicle. The driver of the Sienna Toyota bus heading to Abuja from Lagos was stopped by the gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen in Isua Akoko in Akoko Northeast Local Government Area of Ondo state… Read Full story COVID-19: Lagos Accounts For 42% Of Confirmed Cases In Nigeria, 23.6% Death ― Abayomi
Lagos State government said on Friday that the state accounts for 42per cent of the confirmed COVID-19 cases in the country, but noted that it only accounts for 23.6per cent of the recorded deaths due to the virus… Read Full story Every Leader In The North Is A Product Of Almajiri —Shettima, CNG President
Yarima Shettima is the President of the Coalition of Northern Groups, (CNG) the umbrella group that gave Igbo ultimatum to leave the North , again the CNG last week came out hard against the Federal government’s failure to address the lingering killings in the North. The Arewa youths organised a protest in… Read Full story I Warned Bola Tinubu That This Day Would Come
The political coalition between Muhammadu Buhari’s CPC and Bola Tinubu’s ACN has all but collapsed. There was nothing even remotely surprising about it. In previous columns, media interviews, and social media updates, I predicted that this would happen… Read Full story Taming The Monster Of “Wives’ Children” From Infidelity
There is a growing trend now in marriage: husbands discovering that some, or most or all of their children are products of extra marital affairs. Through infidelity, the wives conceived and gave birth to children, hiding the paternity of these children from their husbands. The usual trend in marriage used to be the other way… Read Full story Contractors Were Paying Sweepers N5,000 While Govt Approved N25,000 —Ibrahim Odumboni, Acting MD, LAWMA
Against the recent protest by highway sweepers alleging maltreatment at the Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA), the acting Managing Director, Mr. Ibrahim Odumboni, fielded questions… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.