The Lagos Inland Revenue Service (LIRS) has said it generated N25 billion through taxation in April when there was total lockdown. Head, Information and Communication Technology (ICT) of LIRS, Mr Rasheed Olu-Ajayi, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) via an exclusive virtual conference on Zoom on Saturday. Olu-Ajayi said the service was able to achieve the fit by leveraging on technology. He said that though the revenue invoked was not good enough but it was better than starting from ground zero taking to cognisance the total lockdown. According to him, business was very good due to automating processes. “What we did was to have a business continuity plan by documenting product, events with which we continue to work. “So, we invoked technology tools, with lots of our staff, working from home but chasing taxpayers. “We were able to invoke a good amount of money, not a case of ground zero. ALSO READ: PDP governors debunk reports of members’ alleged defection “Nobody envisages that there would be a time that the whole globe would be lockdown and people would not be able to do anything. “We were able to collect N25 billion in April when there was total lockdown,’’ he said. According to him, this is a good achievement. Olu-Ajayi said LIRS, as an agency of Lagos State Government, has the responsibility of collecting taxes and in some cases, business development taxes. He said that tax collection is primarily the agency assignment. He said that without tax collection, the development projects in education, road and easing of traffic congestion among others being executed by the state government would not have been possible. He said that was why the LIRS thought outside the box by exploring ICT to achieve the fit in revenue generation during the total lockdown. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.