The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Monday, struck out the alleged certificate forgery suit filed against  Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State. In the suit numbered, FHC/ABJ/CS/553/2020, the plaintiffs, Edobor Williams, Ugbesia Abudu Godwin and Amedu Dauda Anakhu accused the Governor of forging his Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) certificate in Classical Studies from the University of Ibadan. The plaintiffs contended that the alleged certificate forgery contravenes section 182(1)(i) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended). They prayed the court to, among other relief, hold that Obaseki is “Not qualified to run or seek election to the office of the governor of Edo State” in the forthcoming 2020 governorship election. When the case came up on Monday, the plaintiffs, were not in court and were also not represented by counsel. The same thing applies to the defendant, who was also not in court. In view of the development, the trial Judge, Justice Anwuli Chikere, stuck out the suit. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets
It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours
No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque
Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!