The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila; Chairman, House Committee on Diaspora, Hon. Tolulope Akande-Sadipe; Ex-Minister of Communications, Adebayo Shittu and Are Onakakanfo, Gani Adams have joined other eminent personalities to mourn the death of the immediate past Governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila in a statement issued in Abuja described the demise of Ajimobi, as a painful loss. He said Ajimobi was a peace-loving man that promoted same among his people and beyond, noting that Oyo State and Nigeria have lost a patriotic leader. The Speaker said Ajimobi lived a fulfilled life and had served the people of Oyo State diligently and patriotically. The Speaker said he was personally touched and deeply saddened by Ajimobi’s death, saying Ajimobi is the architect of modern Oyo whose legacy will last long in the heart of many Nigerians. “My thoughts and prayers are with his family, the people and government of Oyo State and the country as a whole, especially the larger APC family. “Late Abiola Ajimobi was a strong pillar in the APC fold. Not only that, but he was also a dedicated leader that left his footprints in the sand of time in Oyo State when he served as governor for eight years, making him the longest-serving governor of the state to date. “I pray that God Almighty will grant him a peaceful resting place and give his family the fortitude to bear the loss,” Gbajabiamila said. On her part, Chairman, House Committee on Diaspora, Hon. Tolulope Akande-Sadipe sent a condolence message to the family Ajimobi after battling a brief illness. Hon. Akande Sadipe in a statement issued by her Special Assistant on Media, Mr Olamilekan Olusada, also condoled with the Government and people of Oyo State, All Progressive Congress APC) and late Ajimobi’s political associates. She said: ‘Koseleri’ My dear Uncle, My boss, My Mentor, a man who stands tall above others in truth and inaction, listening and watching you made me wiser; you have been the teacher of some of the best lessons I learnt in life, life is indeed amazing with your guidance which has steered me in the right direction in my journey’s crossroad.” She recalled that the late Ajimobi played a notable role in her election to the House of Representatives and the progress of democratic system in the State, adding that late Ajimobi worked hard to put Oyo State on the global map, through infrastructural development during his tenure as Executive Governor. “Hon. Tolulope Akande-Sadipe condoles with government and indigenes of Oyo State over the death of former Governor Abiola Ajimobi, who was a governor of the state from 2011-2019. She also applauded the late Governor to improve infrastructure and livelihood of people in the state. Akande-Sadipe, member representing Oluyole Federal Constituency described Ajimobi as an elder-statesman and an unrelenting patriot, who committed to the unity and indivisibility of this country. She also described Ajimobi as an elder statesman who diligently lived a life of service and left indelible imprints in the sands of time. “By his death, a vacuum has been created in the progressives’ fold while the people of Oluyole Federal Constituency have also lost a benefactor,” she said. She described Ajimobi as an upright man who was ever ready to speak to his conviction. Hon. Tolulope Akande Sadipe expressed deep sorrow over the death of the former governor, describing his demise as ‘passing unto glory of a fulfilled leader. In his own reaction, the former Minister of communications, Dr Abdur-Raheem Adebayo Shittu said he received the news of the death Senator Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the former Governor of Oyo State with a rude shock. He added that “Ajimobi was a very great, eloquent and quintessential leader. His services to our dear Oyo State, Nigeria and our Party cannot be forgotten in a hurry. I sincerely condole with his family, especially his Wife and Children, the Government and the good people of Oyo State, President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR; Professor Yemi Osinbajo, GCON, Vice-President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria; Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and all Leaders and Members of the All Progressives Congress both in Oyo State and at the National level over this unfortunate loss.” “May Almighty Allah grant all of us the fortitude to bear the irreplaceable loss. May Allah also grant his family the strength to bear this irreparable loss,” he prayed. In his own remark, the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams expressed sadness over the death of Senator Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi, describing it as a big loss to Nigeria and Yoruba in particular, just as he declared that posterity would be kind to the late politician. Iba Adams said this in his reaction in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media, Kehinde Aderemi, even as he further described the late Ajimobi, who died on Thursday in Lagos, as a man of history and a statesman as well as a complete Yoruba man that made a remarkable impact in Oyo State. The Aare Ona Kakanfo, while paying further tributes, said the former governor broke the jinx in Oyo politics by becoming the first governor to have served the state for a two-term tenure with various legacies and achievements, declaring that the late Ajimobi played his part, did his best for which posterity would be kind to him. “Life is like a stage, you play your part and leave for others. The late Abiola Ajimobi has played his part, done his best as a man and I am sure posterity will be kind to him,” Adams said. “He played a crucial role during the preparations for my installation ceremony as the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland. The late Governor Ajimobi was fully involved and ensured that other South-West governors at the time played their parts in that historic ceremony on Saturday, January 13, 2018, at Durban Oyo,” he recalled. Iba Adams expressed sadness that the former governor eventually lost the battle to the death, after several attempts made to revive him as he was reportedly in a coma and on life support for some days, from complications from COVID-19, shortly after surgery at the First Cardiology Hospital, Ikoyi, Lagos. He commiserated with the deceased’s family, the Oyo State government and the good people of the state on the death of their illustrious son and astute politician, adding that the former governor would be remembered for setting the pace for corporate governance in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.