LATEST data from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has shown that the currency outside banks rose by 0.70 per cent in April to N1.90 trillion as Demand Deposits increased by 5.57 per cent to N9.68 trillion, Similarly, Nigerian savers gave their banks a total of N8.6 trillion to keep in various demand deposit accounts across the country by end of March. The surplus cash left in the vaults of the banks is being linked to a quiet month in which activities and spending were tempered by a ravaging coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic that had created fear and panic and consequently led to a lockdown of the economy whereby access to banking halls and facilities was strained. The 25 banks therefore had a combined demand deposit portfolio of N8.6 trillion at the end of March 2020, up from the N8.1 trillion recorded in February. Demand deposits are the cheap retail funds in the vaults of banks in the form of savings and current accounts as against fixed deposits. Bankers believe that the figures above could have been higher but for the upward review of the cash reserve ratio by the Central Bank of Nigeria from 22.5 percent to 27.5 percent in January 2020. The cash reserve ratio is the share of a bank’s total deposit that is mandated by the CBN to be maintained with it in the form of liquid cash. The CRR is used by the CBN to ensure that a part of deposit money banks’ cash is with the central bank and is hence, secure. Meanwhile, in the just concluded week, the CBN depository corporations survey (DCS) showed a 0.19 per cent month-on-month (m-o-m) rise in Broad Money Supply (M3 money) to N35.70 trillion in April 2020. This resulted from a 1.87 per cent increase in Net Domestic Assets (NDA) to N29.78 trillion but partly offset by a 7.52per cent decrease in Net Foreign Assets (NFA) to N5.92 trillion. Further breakdown showed a 7.1 per cent m-o-m increase in Credit to the Government to N10.43 trillion and a 1.51 per cent rise in Credit to the Private sector to N28.67 trillion. On the liabilities side, CBN said the  0.19 per cent m-o-m increase in M3 Money was driven by the 2.97 per cent m-o-m increase in M2 Money to N31.76 trillion, but was partly neutralised by a 17.74per cent fall in treasury bills held by money holding sector to N3.94 trillion. “The increase in M2 was propelled by a 1.98 per cent rise in Quasi Money (near maturing short term financial instruments) to N20.18 trillion and a 4.74per cent increase in Narrow Money (M1) to N11.59 trillion (of which Demand Deposits increased by 5.57 per cent to N9.68 trillion, and currency outside banks, rose by 0.70 per cent to N1.90 trillion). Analysts expect credit to private sector and government to rise further in the coming months amid CBN palliative measures and the planned huge borrowing by FG. These, in addition to the current planting season and the planned increase in electricity tariff in July, would put pressure on food and non-food prices going forward, they warned.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story Panic, Gloom… •Experts Reveal What COVID-19 Pandemic Portends For Nigeria’s Economy
WHEN Nigerians, at the beginning of the year, expressed their reservations about the 2020 budget, especially the signing of the Finance Bill, which, they argued, would further impoverish the common man, little did they envisage the advent of a public health crisis, in form of COVID-19, throw economies of individuals… Read Full Story COVID-19: EU, UN Hand Over Medical Supplies To Nigeria
European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have received and handed over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read Full Story I Did Not Stop Investigation Of NIRSAL ― Malami
The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has denied an online report that he stopped the investigation of the Nigeria Incentive-based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)… Read Full Story Security: It Is Buhari’s Call, Not Buratai’s 
President Muhammadu Buhari, last Thursday, gave a damning verdict on the nation’s security and intelligence chiefs when he told them that their best was not good enough for the nation and that he would no longer take any excuse from them for the rising insecurity in the land. According to the National Security Adviser… Read Full Story Edo: Of Oshiomhole, Saraki’s Snail And Naked Masquerade Allegories
COURT-SUSPENDED All Progressives Party (APC) Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, a few days before his court ouster, subtly flexed his power muscles and demonstrated a commendable grasp of African proverbs and aphorisms. Taking to his Twitter handle to do this, Oshiomhole had aptly announced that his smallish… Read Full Story 90 Days Of Pandemonium: A Nation At War With COVID-19
WHEN the Nigerian Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19 was constituted on Tuesday, March 17, the mandate was clear. With a timeline of six months, the body was assigned to “strengthen the national response strategy, particularly in the areas of testing, containment and management… Read Full Story Resident Doctors Set To Call Off Nationwide Strike, As NGF Intervenes
The leadership of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday night communicated its resolve to suspend the ongoing nationwide strike which commenced on Monday, 16th June 2020… Read Full Story Alleged Rape Saga: D’banj May Lose UN Ambassador Status
Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled against him… Read Full Story Nigeria’s New Rapeublic: Where Repulsively Rapacious Men Prey On Female Gender
TWENTY-TWO-YEAR-OLD Vera Uwaila Omozuwa had hoped to become an evangelist due to her passion for the gospel of Christ. Since the lockdown and closure of places of worship occasioned by the dreaded coronavirus pandemic began, the young lady had always sought the quietude of her church premises to study… Read Full Story 76 Nigerians Killed By COVID-19 In One Week
SEVENTY-SIX Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!