Amidst wailing, crying, sobs and gnashing of teeth, the late Sunday Joshua, a security guard at a popular hotel, Gwallameji, Bauchi State  killed for allegedly stealing a mobile phone was on Saturday buried at the Christian  cemetery. It will be recalled that on May 26, 2020, a TECNO torchlight phone reportedly got missing within the premises of New Trafford Hotel and Suites where late Sunday was on duty as a security guard and was accused of  stealing the said phone, an accusation he vehemently denied. In the cause of trying to extract truth from him, he was allegedly beaten and injured in the process after which he was dumped in the generator house where he was picked by the police, rushed to the hospital where he was  confirmed dead. The burial which had dragged for a long time was attended and officiated by well-known clergymen in Bauchi led by Archbishop Charles Yohanna, the member representing Bogoro constituency at the Bauchi State House  of Assembly, Honourable Musa Nakwada, family, friends as well as many other sympathizers who converged at the cemetery as early as 8am. The remains of the late Joshua were conveyed from the morgue of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital (ATBUTH) Bauchi, to the Christian Cemetery in Yelwa in a procession led by members of the Boys’ Brigade at about 10:21am. Mother of the deceased, Orpha Joshua, could not be consoled as she wept while the coffin was committed to mother earth. While delivering his homily at the funeral, Rev. Evans Bingila, of the Lutheran Church of Churist in Nigeria (LCCN II), Yelwa, harped on forgiveness, urging family and friends of the deceased, particularly the youths not to take the laws into their hands trying to ‘avenge’ Sunday’s gruesome murder. The clergyman took his message in the Bible from Exodus 21: 24 – 25, reading, “it is written that if a man slaps you, you can slap the person back; if  he removes your tooth, you can also revenge. If we are to follow this  teaching in the Old Testament, there would be no peace in the world. It means we will keep killing ourselves”. Rev. Bingila added that, “In fact, the suspected killers of Joshua would not have been alive if we are to take laws into our hands. But let us listen to what Jesus commanded that you have heard it being said in the past, an  eye for an, tooth for tooth, hand for a hand but this is what I (Jesus) have said revenge belongs to me”. In his short speech, Musa Nakwada, who represented the Bauchi State House of Assembly at the funeral, called for patience over Joshua’s murder, saying that the leadership of the House is in the picture of the happening,  as the family of the deceased have met with the Speaker, Abubakar Suleiman. He said that, “I am representing the House at this funeral. A lot of people have spoken and I would ensure that I report to the House”, assuring that as lawmakers, the  State Assembly would ensure that justice was served in  the case of murdered Joshua. He, however, appealed for calm among aggrieved and grieving family and friends of the deceased by allowing the law to take its course. In his remarks, the representative of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in the state, Archbishop Charles Yohana, explained that the Christian body had earlier paid a condolence visit to the family and the LCCN II  Yelwa, where the deceased was a devout member. He said that, “I want to plead with the youth to allow the law to take its course in the whole matter. The word of God, as the clergy had early stressed, could be hurting, but Jesus commanded us to offer the other cheek  when we are slapped as Christians. We as Christians would not disobey God’s commandant knowing that one day we will also taste death”. The Clergyman added that, “God is the Judge and since he is the one that commands us not to take revenge but must believe what he said that vengeance belongs to him. God is the only one that can handle the issue without human intervention and we will see his intervention soon”. He then called on the state government to ensure the protection of lives and property of citizens to ensure that the peace in the state is maintained. During the burial program, there was palpable tension among the youths of the area who were clamoring for justice and threatened to resist any more to pervert the cause of justice in the case. It will be recalled that on May 26, 2020, a TECNO torchlight phone reportedly got missing within the premises of New Trafford Hotel and Suites where late Sunday was on duty as a security guard and was accused of  stealing the said phone, an accusation he vehemently denied. In the cause of trying to extract truth from him, he was allegedly beaten and injured in the process after which he was dumped in the generator house where he was picked by the Police, rushed to the hospital and was  confirmed dead. Information from the Bauchi State Police Command revealed that all those arrested in connection with the case have been trying to charged to court for culpable homicide.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Aisha Buhari Cries Out Over Detained Aides •Asks IGP not to expose them to COVID-19
Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha on Friday cried out that her staff members were being detained by the police. She did not state the reason for the detention of the aides nor the identities of the detainees. The development came amidst online reports that some of the First Lady’s aides had been arrested on the orders… Read full story Police High Command Keep Mute Over Detention Of Aisha Buhari’s Aides
The Police High Command on Friday night kept mute over the alleged detention of aides of the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari in Abuja. The wife of the President had Twitted about the reality of the deadly coronavirus pandemic ravaging the globe and called… Read full story Edo 2020: Obaseki Has Not Joined Us, Says PDP
THE Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has declared that embattled governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki, has not joined its fold. The opposition party’s declaration came on the heels of Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki ahead of the June 22 governorship primary of the APC to produce its candidate for the September election… Read full story Why I Raped Many Minors, 80-Year-Old Woman —32-Year Old Man Who Was Accused Of Raping 40 Women Confesses
Thirty-two-year old Muhammad Zulfarau Alfa, on Friday admitted raping many minors and an 80-year-old woman in Kano. Zulfarau disclosed that he indulged in the act about one year ago, saying it was not meant for any spiritual purpose but to satisfy his sexual desire… Read full story Obasanjo, In His Book, Recommended Secession Clause In The Constitution —Prof. Akintoye
I think the insecurity is intensifying. It is no longer a matter of people coming from the North to attack the South. They are still doing that. They are still coming. Even with the ban on interstate movement, they are still coming. The Federal Government banned interstate travel but these people are still encouraged and assisted… Read full story Intrigues As Battle For Oniru Stool Shifts To Court
ABOUT a week after the installation of new Kabiyesi for Iruland, a land-rich kingdom in Lagos State, the intrigues before and the judicial unrest after are enough to say it is not yet uhuru for the kingdom in search of peace. The age-long adage which says uneasy lies the head that wears the crown aptly describes the reality confronting… Read full story AfDB: External Investigator Will Find Something Adesina Is Not Even Accused Of —Prof. Bolaji Akinyemi
When the African Development Bank was set up, only African nations were shareholders. It was in 1981 or 1982 when Africans themselves, against the advice of [then] President [Shehu] Shagari of Nigeria, amended their Articles of Association to allow non-Africans to become members. President Shagari warned that they… Read full story Wadume: Military Has Refused To Release Its Men For Trial – Malami
Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has disclosed that military authorities were yet to release soldiers involved in the killing of policemen who went to arrest a notorious kidnapper, Wadume in Adamawa State… Read full story Why Nigeria’s North Central Region Can’t Be Renamed “Middle Belt”
A member of the House of Representatives from Benue State by the name of Kpam Sokpo was reported to have sponsored a bill this week titled “Geo-political Zones of the Federation Bill 2020,” which proposes that the North-Central states of Benue, Kogi, Kwara, Nasarawa, Niger, Plateau, and the Federal… Read full story Risk Of New Lockdowns Rises With Fear Of Second COVID-19 Wave
Fears of a second wave of COVID-19 infections shut six major food markets in Beijing on Friday, while India, which opened up this week, recorded a record daily increase and half a dozen US states said their hospital beds were filling up fast. Health officials worldwide have expressed concerns in recent days that some… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!