An electrician by the name Samuel Ishaya escaped being lynched in Jos, Plateau State on Wednesday as he was caught raping a sick 6-year-old girl in Agwan Rukuba area of the state capital. A source closed to the victim’s family told TribuneOnline that the electrician was invited by the girl’s mother who is a widow, to repair a faulty cable damaged by rainstorm while she dashed out to buy food for her sick child. According to the source, as she stepped out, the randy electrician descended on the sick girl lying on a couch to satisfy his sexual urge, adding that the little girl could not struggle nor scream to extricate herself as a result of her ailment. “At the early hours of yesterday, a young boy by the name Samuel Ishaya, a resident of Agwan Rukuba, a supposed electrician who was called upon by the mother of the young girl to fix her faulty cables, in a quest to quench his sexual urge forced himself on the little girl who was recuperating from an illness. “Too weak to scream, she struggled but Samuel appeared stronger, breaking the sick girl’s hymen and leaving her to groan in pains,” said the source. The widow who arrived home to meet her child bleeding profusely and crying raised alarm while the electrician bolted away on seeing the mother but was caught by people within the vicinity. Said the mother: “I left the house to the market to buy items so as to cook for my sick child only to come back and meet her in a pool of tears and blood. The rapist who has been looking for an opportunity to escape ran out on seeing me but was apprehended by people who heard me shouting. He was taken to Angwan Rukuba Police station. ALSO READ: NHRC kicks against use of torture in interrogating suspects “I was surprised by his attitude. Samuel is known to this family and had been coming here for assistance which I never turned down. I am calling on security agencies and the entire public to help me to get justice” However, TribuneOnline learnt that the victim is presently receiving treatment at Jos University Teaching Hospital. When contacted, the State Police Public Relation Officer ASP Ubah Gabriel Ogaba said the matter has not been reported to the command but promised to link up with the DPO in-charge of the area where the incident occurred. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.