The trial of the founder of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, the Ondo State capital, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, over the missing of a one year toddler, continues at the Ondo State High Court, on Thursday, with the prophet’s counsel opening its defence. Counsel to Alfa, who had been standing trial over the missing boy, Olusola Oke, told the Court that 20 witnesses would testify in the suit to absolve the clergy of complicity in the disappearance of a one-year-old boy, Gold Kolawole. The wife of the accused, Bisola Alfa, who testify before the court said her husband showed concerns over the missing boy disappearance contrary to what to insinuation by officials of the Director of State Service (DSS). While cross-examining the wife of the prophet, Mrs Bisola Alfa, explained to the lead Prosecutor and Commissioner for Justice, Adekola Olawoye, that her children are usually put in the department at every service, contrary to the statement of the Head of Children Department, and the third defendant, Margaret Oyebola stated otherwise. Bisola said her husband never informed her he suspected anybody of complicity in the case but a statement tendered by the prophet implicated one of the suspects, Grace Ogunjobi, of foul play in the incident. ALSO READ: NDLEA secures 18 convictions in 11 months in Gombe Also, one of the Church’s pastor, Oluwasiji Olaniyi, said they all prayed in the church overnight for the return of the missing boy. He said the father of the missing boy was confronted by Alfa the following day but claimed not to know the whereabouts of the 13-month-old baby boy. According to him, this led to the commotion with the parents of the toddler, threatening to deal with the Prophet if he fails to produce the missing child. The Presiding Judge, Justice Olusegun Odusola, however, adjourned the case till Monday, 29th June. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.