The World Health Organisation (WHO) has issued new guidance on homemade or locally-made face masks for prevention of COVID-19. The WHO Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, gave the advice on Sunday on its official twitter handle @WHOAFRO. The UN health agency urged people to clean locally-made face masks properly before wearing again. According to WHO, the guidance on homemade masks are important for preventing COVID-19 in low-income context. In a video posted on the twitter account, Guy Mbayo, Technical Officer, Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH), WHO Regional Office for Africa, said homemade masks were important for African countries. “WHO has recommended the wearing of medical masks; at the beginning of the crisis, there were not enough; supply chain was already disrupted. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Taskforce arrests patient who escaped from Imo in Ondo market “Member-states and governments have made wearing of face masks mandatory in their own countries; people were prompted to resort to homemade masks,’’ he said. According to him, the document provides a guideline on how to wear them; how to clean them; how to remove them and when to remove them, and much more importantly, how to manufacture them locally. “The masks do not protect you fully; you still need to observe all the measures that were recommended, like the handwashing with soap and water, and physical distancing. “When you are removing the mask, don’t allow it to touch your hand; use the elastic to remove it without touching the mask itself,” he said. The official also advised that the masks needed to be clean on a daily basis. Meanwhile, the agency said the number of COVID-19 cases in Africa had risen to over 175,000 as of June 6. “There are over 175,000 confirmed COVID-19 cases on the African continent, with more than 77,000 recoveries and 4,800 deaths,’’ it said. WHO said that South Africa, Nigeria and Algeria had the highest reported cases in the continent. According to the organisation, South Africa has 43,434 cases and 908 deaths, followed by Nigeria with 11,844 confirmed cases and 333 deaths, while Algeria has 9,935 confirmed cases and 690 deaths. Nigerian Should Always Do Fact-Check On Politicians —Sani
Anthony Sani, the immediate-past Secretary-General and former Publicity Secretary of the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), now a member of the Governing Council of Sir Ahmadu Memorial Foundation and of Northern Media Forum, speaks on 21 years of civil rule in the country and other issues … Read full story I Still Have So Much To Offer – Ronke Oshodi-Oke
Ronke Oshodi-Oke is a household name, especially in the Yoruba movie industry having graced the screens for decades. The veteran actress, who is undergoing a rebranding process shares some of her plans on movie and music… Read full story Majek Fashek And The Curse Of Drug Addiction
THE death of Nigerian singer-songwriter, guitarist and reggae music lord, Majek Fashek, in New York, America, last week threw Nigerians into a nostalgic mood. It brought into memory the exact picture of a musical icon who the country lost to the icy pincers of death. Reports of his passage sauced his strides on the dancehall… Read full story Why Governors Are Jittery Of Financial Autonomy To State Legislature —Kaze
The autonomy of the judiciary and legislature is very important, I am proud of the 6th and 7th National Assembly because at a point in time the National Assembly both the Senate and House of Representatives actually voted for the financial autonomy of the state legislature but that bill failed at the state level because… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE