British policemen investigating the murder of Alexander Kareem, younger brother of former Big Brother Naija contestant, Khafi Kareem, in Shepherds Bush, London, on Friday, made a renewed appeal for information as Crimestoppers announce a £10,000 reward. The British Metropolitan Police also said the independent charity, Crimestoppers, is offering a reward of £10,000 for information that they receive anonymously that leads to the arrest of the person or people responsible for the murder of Alexander Kareem. According to a statement on the website of the police, officers continue to investigate the murder of Alexander, 20, who was found with fatal gunshot wounds at on Monday, 08 June, at Askew Road, Shepherds Bush. Key lines of enquiry continue to centre on a vehicle, a white Range Rover, which was found burned out just 25 minutes after police were called to the scene, on nearby Ascott Avenue. A senior officer, Deputy Crime Investigator, Wayne Jolley, said: “We continue to work round the clock to find answers for Alexander’s friends and family. We are appealing to those who have information to call and say what you know. “There are people out there who know who was in the white Range Rover that night. You are protecting someone who has committed a terrible crime and needs to be brought to justice. Please think of Alex’s family and friends who deserve to know what happened to him. “We are hoping this significant reward, put up by Crimestoppers, will encourage people to come forward. It is 100% anonymous. “There continues to be additional patrols in the area and we want to reassure the public that we will do all we can to bring those responsible to justice.” Alexa Loukas, London Regional Manager at the charity Crimestoppers, said: “Our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of Alexander after this tragic murder. He had a great future ahead of him and his life has been senselessly cut short. “If you know who was responsible or have any information, no matter how small, please speak up and tell Crimestoppers. This is your opportunity to do the right thing. We are offering this reward because his family deserve to see justice for Alexander.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.