It is no more news that the post COVID-19 era will come with series of unusual ways of doing things and whether the stakeholders like it or not, they are definitely going to conform with unfolding challenges that will come with the new normal. Right now hospitality businesses globally have started embracing the new challenges by creatively putting in place some safety and hygienic routines to meet the new trends of customers’ hospitality. Some even went as far as building customers’ platform to keep people updated with the new service protocols in bars, restaurants, meeting rooms and other areas of interest within the hotel facilities. This, will not only help to rebuild patronage and confidence but also help to reduce panic signal the COVID-19 pandemic has left in the mind of customers. However, the question here is, how prepared are the hospitality practitioners in Nigeria? What are their plans and what are in place to confront the uncertainty of the new normal? It is sad that the hospitality/ hotel sector in Nigeria are too comfortable with the situation the lockdown has put them and even when the lockdown is being relaxed, none has made any move on customers’ enlightenment  and update on what to expect as the industry resumes back to business. Subsequently, Travelpulse&MICE believes that starting now is not a bad idea because there is still ample time for practitioners to let people know how safe and prepared they are to welcome customers either at long or short run safety procedure in place for the. If stakeholders in the Nigeria hospitality industry are still having hang over from the trauma of COVID-19 lockdown, this is a wake up call for them to face the reality of the new normal by stepping up on their game. Travelpulse&MICE is confident that the hospitality/hotel sector will bounce back stronger if it embarks on different customers driven-campaign to assure the world new service trend driven by safe and and hygiene. “The hotel must ensure that detailed information is provided, like the time it takes the hotel to answer inquiries, details of what is included in the stay, the hotel’s current situation, and expanded information on security measures, concierge services, transfers to and from the airport, babysitters for children, museum tickets, etc. “Furthermore, they must offer explanations and advice on local measures pertaining to coronavirus social distancing and restrictions. All of these points will now be key factor to generating reservations.” Unusual situation(s) demand unusual solution(s) to not only bounce back to business but also to strategically meet and sustain customers’ demand and patronage.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!