Chief of Staff to Ebonyi State government, Dr Emmanuel Offor Okorie has been demoted to the position of Chairman, Ebonyi State Broadcasting Commission (EBBC) by Governor David Umahi. The Secretary to the state government and coordinating Commissioner, Dr Kenneth Ugbala, disclosed on Monday night in a statement. According to Ugbala, the redeployed cabinets are expected to handover on or before July 1. The statement reads: “His Excellency, the Governor of Ebonyi State Engr. Dr David Nweze Umahi FNSE, FNATE has approved a cabinet reshuffle and redeployment as follows: 1. Chief Dr Emmanuel Offor Okorie – Chief of Staff now Chairman EBBC Board. 2. Chief Mrs Chinwe Okah – Commissioner for Budget and Planning now Commissioner for Market Development and Management. 3. Prof. Ogbonnaya Chukwu – Commissioner for Finance and Economic Development now Commissioner for Commerce and Industry. 4. Chief Moses Oshibe – Commissioner for Lands and Survey now Commissioner for Ricemils Development. 5. Barr. Orji Uchenna Orji – Commissioner for Information and State Orientation and Ag. Commissioner for Human Capital Dev. And Monitoring now Commissioner for Information and State Orientation only. 6. Chief Emmanuel Uguru – Commissioner for Environment now Commissioner for Lands and Survey. 7. Comr. Jonah Egba – Commissioner for Solid Mineral Development now Commissioner for Environment. 8. Chief Donatus Njoku – Commissioner for Commerce and Industry now Commissioner for Solid Mineral Development. 9. Mrs Mojibade Ekuma – SA- Finance now Acting Accountant General. 10. Mr Emeka C. Nwankwo – SA-ICT now SA-Finance and ICT. 11. Mrs Chinyere Udoka – SA-Women Affairs (Central) now SA-Capital City. 12. Princess Francisca Okeke – SA-Women Affairs (South) now SA – Market Lot 1. 13. Emeka Kenan Ofoke –SA-Market now SA-Market Lot 2. 14. Chukwuma S. Ofoke – SA-Housing now SA-Market Lot 3. 15. Philip Eworo – SA-Purvalization Plant now SA-Market Lot 4. 16. Mrs Nwakaego Nworie – Executive Assistant now SA-Market Lot 5. 17. Dr Mrs Queen Elizabeth Agwu – Permanent Secretary UBEB now Acting Chief of Staff. 18. Mrs Christaina O. Ukwuta – Accountant General now Permanent Secretary UBEB and Internal Revenue Services. 19. Moses O. Agama – Permanent Secretary Ministry of Finance and Economic Development now Permanent Secretary Ministry of Finance and Economic Development in-charge of Admin, Accounts, Salaries, Pensions and Returns. 20. Mrs Patricia Okorie – Permanent Secretary Ministry of Budget and Planning now Permanent Secretary Ministry of Finance and Economic Development in-charge of Budget, Audit, Debt Management Office (DMO) and SFTAS. 21. Patience Offor Okorie – SA – Welfare, Her Excellency’s Office. 22. Dr. Chinyere Elom – SSA – Special Education / King David Academy now SSA – Special Project. 23. Hon. Valentine Okike – SSA Housing now SSA – Shopping Mall Management. All handing over and taking-over are to be completed on or before 1st July 2020. “Former SSA Special Education/ King David Academy is directed to hand over all government properties as it concern King David Academy to Secretary to the State Government / Coordinating Commissioner before the close of work on 30th June 2020,” it added. “The reshuffle/redeployment and appointment are with effect from 1st July 2020”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story How To Avoid Sliding From Success To Failure When former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) governor, Chukwuma Soludo, directed banks to shore up their capital base to N25 billion in 2006, Intercontinental Bank was one of those that had no problem complying. The bank had built such a solid reputation for itself that when it issued its initial public offer, it enjoyed good subscription… Read Full Story AMCON Takes Over Assets Of Unicorn Place Over N1.3bn Debt THE Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has taken over assets belonging to Ike Nwabuoku, the Chief Promoter of Unicorn Place & Leisure Services Limited over indebtedness of over N1.3billion… Read Full Story APC NEC Meeting: Apologise, Stop Denying Your Wrong Deeds, PDP Tells Presidency Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has flayed the President Muhammadu Buhari administration for denying the use of the Federal Executive Council Chamber for partisan purposes like playing host to the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story LAUTECH Resident Doctors Begin 5-Day Warning Strike Monday The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital chapter, has called on its members to embark on a five-day warning strike from Monday, June 29… Read Full Story Buni’s Appointment Constitutional ― Giadom Immediate past Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Victor Giadom has dismissed views by some critics that the appointment of the Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni as Chairman, APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Committee was in breach of the party’s constitution… Read Full Story Revenue Collection: Court Fixes July 6 For Borehole Drillers Case Against Oyo Govt, Consultant Justice Lateef Ganiyu of the Oyo State High Court sitting in Ibadan has fixed July 6, 2020, for hearing in a case filed by some aggrieved members of the Association of Water Well Drilling Rig Owners Practitioners (AWDROP) and Borehole Drilling Association of Nigeria (BODAN) against the Oyo State Government over the… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (II) They understand that they are responsible for their success and that good luck is not something that magically happens. “Luck” is simply the result of hard work and identifying opportunities. They know that one must earn the right to be successful. Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill states, “You are the master of your destiny… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Killings In Akinyele AKINYELE Local Government Area in Oyo State is fast becoming a slaughter slab for innocent citizens. In the last one month, five persons have been reportedly slain in cold blood in the area. Citizens Bello Barakat, Azeezat Shomuyiwa, Grace Oshiagwu, Mojeed Tirimisiyu and a yet to be identified young woman have all been… Read Full Story Obafemi Awolowo And The Struggle Of The Middle Belt A fortnight ago, a bill was proposed by Honourable Kpam Sokpo (PDP, Benue) for enshrining the Six Geopolitical Zones into law while renaming the North Central as “Middle Belt”. Knowing what we know, this bill is a rather tall order. But it raises issues that the educated public needs to understand. The peoples of the Middle Belt… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!