Lagos State government on Sunday discharged a total of 45 more COVID-19 patients, comprising 18 females and 27 males from its isolation facilities across the state to reunite with the society. The total number of patients so far discharged in the state having been treated for the virus now stands at 1,328. The state governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu as the Incident Commander made this disclosure in a release made available by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Gboyega Akosile. According to Sanwo-Olu, the patients were 20 from Gbagada, nine from Onikan, two from Mainland Infectious Disease Hospital (MIDH), Yaba, one from Agidingbi, one from Lekki and 12 from LUTH isolation centres, saying that they were all discharged having fully recovered and tested negative for COVID-19. The governor enjoined Lagosians to continue to adhere strictly to rules, including physical distancing and hand hygiene principles to endure that the state was free from COVID-19, affirming that the pandemic was real. “Good people of Lagos, 45 more #COVID19Lagos patients; 18 females and 27 males have been discharged from our Isolation facilities today to reunite with the society. “The patients; 20 from Gbagada, 9 from Onikan, 2 from Mainland Infectious Disease Hospita, Yaba, 1 from Agidingbi, 1 from Lekki and 12 from LUTH Isolation Centres were discharged today having fully recovered and testing negative to COVID-19. “This brings to 1,328, the number of #COVID19 confirmed cases that have been successfully managed and discharged in Lagos. “#COVID19 is real! Let’s continue to adhere strictly to #PhysicalDistancing and #handhygiene principles #ForCOVID19FreeLagos,” Sanwo-Olu said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!