Interested applicants have protested the challenges faced while applying for the Batch C N-Power programme. This protest came on the heels of the enrolment of the Batch C N-Power Programme which commenced 11:45 pm on Friday. Recall that the N-Power programme was established in 2016 by President Muhammadu Buhari under the National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) with the mandate of lifting citizens out of poverty through capacity building, investment, and direct support. The N-Power Programme which was hitherto under the supervision of the Office of the Vice President has been transferred to the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development. The ministry’s supervising Minister, Sadiya Umar Farouq via a statement issued by the ministry’s Deputy Director (Press), Mrs Rhoda Iliya said the programme is open to all unemployed Nigerians between the ages of 18 and 35. Displeased by the challenges, these young Nigerians took to Twitter to register their concerns under various hashtags including #Npower2020Recruitment. ALSO READ: Lawan refutes media report on alleged N-Power job slots @Sam_flex wrote: ” #Npower2020Recruitment. Successfully registered although refused no to currently employed. Had to pick yes and fill all the fields before I could save and continue. I wonder why it refused no to currently employed when the program is for unemployed youths.” @BonnifaceEjikem1 tweeted: “It’s indeed very unfortunate that after spending hours on the registration site late in the night, my activation mail is yet to arrive. I even went as far as using all my email addresses in case it was a peculiar problem! #Npower2020Recruitment”.” @Maxtoye said: “@npower_ng An applicant made a registration early hours of yesterday before 11:45 pm stated time. The applicant tried login again to confirm registration or re-register But all he gets is a blank page and a message the email is already on the portal. #Npower2020Recruitment.” @Zeallhedi tweeted: “Can’t move forward, it stays like this for a long time and says check your network connection, I know my network is all good @Npower_ng #Npower2020Recruitment ” @AAIbrahim247 tweeted: “@npower_ng #Npower2020Recruitment What about those that did a Diploma with Universities (Consultancy Programs)? I see no option for that in your drop down list of OND programmes. Pls reply. Thanks.” Another tweeter said: “#Npower2020Recruitment, I couldn’t apply yesterday night because of reasons beyond my control. Have been trying it this morning but all to no avail. Please any hope for me?” @ibrixy lamented: “@npower_ng I’m getting the message:  “applicant email already exists on portal”… even after trying another email.. PS: I’ve never applied before! #Npower2020Recruitment.” Wole-olorunfemi tweeted: “I haven’t seen any message in my email. Have applied since 6 hours ago. #Npower2020Recruitment.” @Sir_azgagbele while calling the attention of the Minister said: “Dear @Sadiya_farouq  please note that Nigerians are unable to register to register for the NPower. Employ your web designers and builders to do the right thing. So many problems from this end ma. #Npower2020Recruitment is becoming a scam. “Dear @npower_ng team, with the current problem faced at the course of the registration, please note that you’re putting Nigerians at risk of being swindled by scammers. #Npower2020Recruitment.” Another user, @mrgreat_louis responded: “Funny enough, there are good website developer in Nigeria who know how to design and website properly both the front end and back end… No they won’t employ capable hands, they prefer quacks and pay them huge some of money.. Which way Nigeria.. #NPowerNG #Npower2020Recruitment?” @nonny_tb_ tweeted: “You guys had to deprive us of sleep because of this. Nigeria!!!!!!! #Npower2020Recruitment.” @pricelessjuliet wrote: “I have been applying since midnight till now and nothing is showing forth. Sometimes, ‘the email has been registered’ will pop up and yet I have not received any mail or notification. What is wrong? #Npower2020Recruitment.” @eferebo_chizzy wrote: “Why naa? Since midnight. Even the ‘contact us’ numbers in the website are all switched off. Which kain country life be this? #Npower2020Recruitment” Nigerian Tribune, however, observed that the N-Power team has since been providing insights to some of the numerous concerns raised. “We are here with you every step of the way. We are reading through your comments to identify issues you may be experiencing. Don’t forget to use #Npower2020Recruitment so others can follow the conversation,” the N-Power team wrote at 12:34am. “Lol. No one is asleep sir. The emails will come,” the N-Power team wrote in response to questions on the waiting time for receiving confirmation mails. Nigerian Tribune also gathered that some applicants have completed their registration. Some of them also tweeted about the completion of the application. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.