It is no exaggeration to say that the world was agog celebrating the birthday of a former Governor of Oyo State, Otunba Christopher Adebayo Alao Akala, as he turned 70 last June 3. I know there are several other people including world great achievers born on this day, I am not sure that there is any other person being celebrated and appreciated today more than the ebullient, pragmatic, charismatic, munificent 16th governor of Oyo State, across the globe. From last week, the media, including the social media, have been dominated with stories on the Otun of the Source and since midnight, seven out of ten posts in virtually all the social media platforms are messages, stickers and posters on Alao Akala. It is a period when lovers of the Ogbomosho born politician are showing love and gratitude to the man that means so many things to so many people. The man that has lifted many out of poverty; the man that has promoted friends from gloom to lime light; the man that has provided succor to many sick people; the man that has made beggars to be landlords; the man that has made great impacts in the lives of thousands and still making. Conversely, as there is no way one would be in this world without having enemies, no matter how good or generous one is, some would still hate for no reason whatsoever. This period provides opportunity for the haters of Alao Akala too. It is an opportunity to hate themselves more and carry their heavy burden of hatred. Except, they could permanently close their eyes and block their ears, what they have been reading, hearing and watching from last week would have made them feel so terrible about themselves. It is a time they would ask, “Why do I hate this man?” Probably, the time they would cease hating him. That is however, their own, wahala. Clearly and without any fear of contradiction, Akala remains one of the most loved, famous personalities in Nigeria today. He is loved as a politician; he is loved as a socialite; he is loved as a native; he is loved as a family man and he is loved as a friend. Alao Akala gets thunderous ovation any where he goes. But why is Akala so loved by the people? The simple answer is love and forgiveness. Love begets love and when you forgive, people respect and love you the more. At home, Akala plants seeds of love. He gives love as a family man and this takes root, germinates and goes ahead of him wherever he goes. This is why his love for Ogbomosho is non-pareil. Akala loves Ogbomoso and he doesn’t pretend about it. Alao Akala was born into a Christian, baptist family and he has never deviated from that path. He doesn’t joke with his faith and he holds tight to it. The yearly carol service in his Ogbomoso home is a must every year. He loves his religion and he flaunts it. Akala was in the Police Force and he still shows love and loyalty to the force till tomorrow. Just like President Muhammadu Buhari who has never hidden his love for his family, his native Daura town, his tribe Fulani, his profession, the military and Islam, his religion; Alao Akala loves and feels proud always about his roots-Akala family, Ogbomoso, Baptist, Nigeria Police and Oyo State. This is not a matter of promoting tribalism or nepotism, it is a reality that before you are from a city, you are first, a product of a family and before you are a citizen of a state, you are an indigene of a local government area and before being a Nigerian , you are from a state. It is only somebody with love for his family that can be genuinely passionate about his town, and so on. President Muhammadu Buhari will continue to win with overwhelming majority in the North against any politician. No matter who is the opposing candidate, President Buhari will win across the nation, if there is room for a third term. It is the power of love and a solid base. To command a great consistent followership, especially in politics, you need a base where you are recognised and loved by your people. I know some would want to controvert this with the victory of President Olusegun Obasanjo in the 1999 elections but those were exceptional circumstances and times.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Expresses Shock Over Boko Haram’s Attack On Gubio
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed deep shock at Boko Haram’s attack on Gubio village, Borno State in which the terrorists killed many people. A statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday night by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) said as news of “one the most brutal terrorist… Read full story Foreign Herdsmen: No Law Stopping Cross-Border Movements ― FG
Despite the menace posed by foreign herdsmen, the Federal Government has said that there are currently no laws preventing cross-border movements. The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, who stated this on Wednesday at the end of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the Presidential Villa in Abuja, however… Read full story Police Arrest Man For Raping 40 Women In Kano
The Police Command in Kano State has arrested a 32-year-old man, Muhammad Alfa, for allegedly raping 40 women in the past one year in the state. The Spokesman of the Command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, confirmed the arrest in a statement on Wednesday in Kano… Read full story I Have No Problem With Makinde ― Alaafin
The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, on Wednesday, said he held no grudge against Governor Seyi Makinde. There had been insinuations that Oba Adeyemi had ill-feeling towards Makinde following the recent siting of a mobile police force squadron in Ago-Are, Oke-Ogun area of the state… Read full story Africa’s COVID-19 Cases Over 200,000 ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO) says confirmed novel coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in Africa are more than 200,000. The WHO Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, gave the update on its official twitter handle @WHOAFRO… Read full story UPDATE: FEC To Initiate Tougher Action Against Rapists
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has announced that more decisive action is to be taken against rapists henceforth as the government has expressed worries about the upsurge in the menace. This followed a presentation by the Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Pauline Tallen, to the council meeting presided over… Read full story Nigeria, India, DR Congo Home To Over 33% Of World’s Poorest, Says World Bank
The World Bank has said that more than a third of the world’s poorest people live in Nigeria, India and Democratic Republic of Congo, even as the COVID-19 pandemic pushes about 100 million people into extreme poverty. Those who live on less than $1.90 per day are categorised as being in extreme poverty… Read full story COVID-19: Kogi Directs Workers On Levels 01-10 To Resume
Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has directed civil servants on Salary Grade Levels 01-10 to return to work on June 15. The directive was contained in a statement issued in Lokoja on Wednesday by the state Head of Service, Mrs Deborah Ogunmola… Read full story COVID-19: Kogi directs workers on Levels 01-10 to resume  Another Death In Aso Rock As Aisha Buhari Loses Protocol Officer
Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha Buhari, on Wednesday, announced that she lost a protocol officer, Sani Yekini, after battling with diabetes. Aisha, who made the announcement in a tweet on her official Twitter handle, described Yekini who has been working with her for four years as “a very committed… Read full story COVID-19: Senator Ndume Advocates Part-Time Status For Lawmakers, Reduction In Salary
Senator representing Borno south and Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, has advocated part-time status for lawmakers in the country due to the dwindling effect of COVID-19. In a statement made available to newsmen on Wednesday, the lawmaker who sought for the office of Senate President last… Read full story N2.2bn Land Scam: Deposed Emir Sanusi Appeals Judgment
The deposed Emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi II, on Wednesday, appealed a judgment delivered by a Federal High Court dismissing his right of fair hearing against the Kano state Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission. Counsels to the emir, Messrs Dikko and Mahmoud, filed the appeal on Wednesday… Read full story Orange Juice Excellent For Tooth Disorders, Heart Diseases —Experts
THE orange contains a variety of health-promoting properties. The fruit is a rich source of protective food ingredients like vitamin A, B, C and calcium. Recent studies have proven its superiority to any other fruit as a source of calcium. The orange also contains sodium, potassium, magnesium, copper, sulphur and chlorine… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Story Of Majek Fashek
BY the time he died on June 1, aged 57, Majekodunmi Faseke, or simply Majek Fashek to his distraught fans all over the world, had lived his life to full circle. Of course, he was not an old man, but he had arguably seen it all. From the low, deprived, humble beginnings of childhood and the boisterous struggling years of adolescence to the peak of prominence and global fame, then back to the ebb of existence, Majek Fashek had seen it all. Not many older persons could claim to have fumbled and tumbled through life than the man fondly referred to as the Rainmaker… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING