All is now set for Monday’s Edo State governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the election committee headed by Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo on Sunday released procedures for the election which it said is in line with the state government’s Covid-19 regulation. Besides, the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Johnson Kokumo, reiterated the determination of the police to provide adequate security for the exercise. A statement by the secretary of the committee, Dr Ajibola Basiru, said voting would commence simultaneously by 8 am at the 192 wards in the state insisting that not more than 18 persons would be allowed to gather at the same time from the commencement of voting till the end of the exercise when results would be announced. The statement said, “That the process of election of the candidate of the party shall commence at 8.00 am on Monday, 22nd June 2020 at the various wards in all the Local Government with strict compliance with Edo State’s extant law prohibiting gathering of more than twenty persons. “Not more than eighteen persons including presiding officers and Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) observers shall be at ward voting centre at any point in time. “There shall be simultaneous accreditation and voting in batches as aforesaid until all eligible members have cast their vote without violation of the state’s Covid-19 regulations.” While advising the party faithful and members of the public to be peaceful and comply fully with the state’s Covid-19 regulations, the scribe emphasized that not more than 18 persons shall be in attendance for the announcement of results at all ward centres and collation of results at all levels including the state collation. Kokumo, who spoke in Benin City on Sunday, said that the command will deploy its men throughout the 192 wards in the state where the direct primary is scheduled to hold in preparation for the governorship election which comes up in September. Governor Godwin Obaseki who has since defected to the main opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and former minister of state for Works, Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi, were recently disqualified over their academic qualifications and other issues while another aspirant, Mathew Iduorieyekemwen, was also booted out by the ruling party’s screening committee for hurriedly taking it court. Following the disqualification, the coast is now clear for the trio of former Secretary to Edo State Government, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, former deputy governor, Dr Pius Odubu and ex-Oredo Local Government Area chairman, Mr Osaro Obaze to slug it out for the party’s ticket. The Edo Police boss said: “We are prepared for all the parties’ primary in the state. Zenith Labour Party have just done theirs. We were on ground to provide security. For the APC and indeed, all the parties, we will be on the ground to ensure a hitch free exercise.” One of the factional chairmen, Mr Anslem Ojezua, however, insisted that the exercise was in futility and illegal and will never recognise the outcome. Ojezua said that he was with Chief Victor Giadom and doesn’t recognize Mr Hillard Etta as the acting national chairman, adding that anything he does is null and void. He said: “I am not a party to the illegality. I don’t recognise the primary as it is illegal. Whatever Chief Etta does is illegal because I don’t recognise him as the acting national chairman of our party. The party primary in Edo State is presently being challenged in court, so I can never be part of it.” Col. David Imuse (rtd), the state chairman loyal to the national leadership of the year party, however, faulted Ojezua, explaining that it is the duty of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) to organise state primary and not states. Imuse said that he was very comfortable with Chief Etta as active as acting national chairman and fully aligned his decision. He said: “It is the duty of the National Working Committee of the party to organise primary. The state has no role to play in it. It will amount to an exercise in futility for anybody to challenge it. As the acting chairman of Edo APC, I am fully in support.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story Panic, Gloom… •Experts Reveal What COVID-19 Pandemic Portends For Nigeria’s Economy
WHEN Nigerians, at the beginning of the year, expressed their reservations about the 2020 budget, especially the signing of the Finance Bill, which, they argued, would further impoverish the common man, little did they envisage the advent of a public health crisis, in form of COVID-19, throw economies of individuals… Read Full Story COVID-19: EU, UN Hand Over Medical Supplies To Nigeria
European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have received and handed over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read Full Story I Did Not Stop Investigation Of NIRSAL ― Malami
The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has denied an online report that he stopped the investigation of the Nigeria Incentive-based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)… Read Full Story Security: It Is Buhari’s Call, Not Buratai’s 
President Muhammadu Buhari, last Thursday, gave a damning verdict on the nation’s security and intelligence chiefs when he told them that their best was not good enough for the nation and that he would no longer take any excuse from them for the rising insecurity in the land. According to the National Security Adviser… Read Full Story Edo: Of Oshiomhole, Saraki’s Snail And Naked Masquerade Allegories
COURT-SUSPENDED All Progressives Party (APC) Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, a few days before his court ouster, subtly flexed his power muscles and demonstrated a commendable grasp of African proverbs and aphorisms. Taking to his Twitter handle to do this, Oshiomhole had aptly announced that his smallish… Read Full Story 90 Days Of Pandemonium: A Nation At War With COVID-19
WHEN the Nigerian Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19 was constituted on Tuesday, March 17, the mandate was clear. With a timeline of six months, the body was assigned to “strengthen the national response strategy, particularly in the areas of testing, containment and management… Read Full Story Resident Doctors Set To Call Off Nationwide Strike, As NGF Intervenes
The leadership of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday night communicated its resolve to suspend the ongoing nationwide strike which commenced on Monday, 16th June 2020… Read Full Story Alleged Rape Saga: D’banj May Lose UN Ambassador Status
Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled against him… Read Full Story Nigeria’s New Rapeublic: Where Repulsively Rapacious Men Prey On Female Gender
TWENTY-TWO-YEAR-OLD Vera Uwaila Omozuwa had hoped to become an evangelist due to her passion for the gospel of Christ. Since the lockdown and closure of places of worship occasioned by the dreaded coronavirus pandemic began, the young lady had always sought the quietude of her church premises to study… Read Full Story 76 Nigerians Killed By COVID-19 In One Week
SEVENTY-SIX Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!