Following the launch of the new marginal field bid round by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), a Lagos based commercial law firm, Perchstone & Graeys LP, in recognition of the importance of key stakeholder engagement in this defining bid round, organized a webinar tagged “Perspectives on Investing in Nigeria’s Oil Marginal Fields.” The webinar was organized based on the belief that marginal fields are expected to continue to play a significant role in the oil and gas sector, including the promotion of indigenous participation, increased oil production capacity and gas reserves, as well as growth in the employment of competent Nigerians. The webinar discussion, therefore, focused on key issues surrounding the ownership of marginal oil fields in Nigeria, investment considerations, associated risks, and projections regarding the 2020 guidelines. The first marginal field bid process occurred in 2002 and at the end of that process, 24 marginal fields were awarded to 32 companies. Other bid attempts following the 2002 event were unsuccessful. To facilitate the 2020 bid round, the DPR revoked previously awarded marginal fields and has made 57 marginal fields available for bidding. The DPR has also released the 2020 Guidelines which set out a roadmap of sorts for this bidding process. The process is delineated into seven stages; from the application by interested bidders to the announcement of winning bidders. Then webinar session was moderated by Mr Tolu Aderemi, Partner at Perchstone & Graeys, and head of the firm’s Energy & Infrastructure team. The rich and diverse roster of speakers featured Mr. Osten Olorunshola, former director, Department of Petroleum Resources; Mr. Abiye Membere, former Group Executive Director Exploration and Production, NNPC; Mr. Glossner, CEO & Founder of Domusaurea Consulting; and Mr. Ashu Shinghal, Chief General Manager, Corporate Strategy Planning & Advocacy GAIL (India) Ltd. Mr. Olorunshola, the webinar’s keynote speaker, suggested that a timely legislative intervention such as the passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill would come in handy at a time like this to encourage participation. He cited demand reduction and destruction, price war, and market damage as contributing factors to the present dearth of investment in the sector. He, however, encouraged industry players to look beyond and strive to gain market share now as there are still untapped resources to be harnessed in the sector. Addressing the critical investment considerations and actions for any successful marginal field in Nigeria, the speaker advised investors to pay close attention to bankable reserves, technical personnel, financing methods, and strategic partnership arrangements to mitigate the associated risks that have contributed to the abysmal failure of marginal fields.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria Records 587 New Cases, Total Now 17,735
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Wednesday, announced that the country has recorded 587 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 17,735… Read Full Story FG To Concession Benin – Asaba, Abuja – Lokoja, Kaduna – Kano Highways, Others
The federal government is determined to outsource repair and maintenance of certain Federal highways, Minister of Works, Babatunde Fashola, dropped the hint on Wednesday at the National Assembly Joint Committee on Works. The concession arrangement which he called, “Highway Development and Management… Read Full Story FG, States, LGs Share N547.309bn For May 2020
The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC), on Wednesday, at its meeting via Virtual Conferencing, chaired by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Dr Mahmoud Isa-Dutse, shared to the three tiers of government, a total sum of N547.309 billion as federation… Read Full Story NEWS ANALYSIS: APC In The Last 24 Hours
The trajectory of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the country in the last 24 hours typifies the story in the timeless literary work of a dermatologist, Professor Okoro Anezionwu, One week one trouble. Almost every passing second, the party has continued to entertain Nigerians and indeed the world with a full… Read Full Story Africa’s COVID-19 Cases Surpass 250,000 ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO), Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, says the number of coronavirus cases in Africa is now over 256,000. The UN health agency gave the update on its official twitter account @WHOAFRO on Wednesday… Read Full Story No Report Of COVID-19 Transmission In Blood Recipients — Experts
CONSENSUS by experts at the Lagos State 2020 World Blood Donor Day was that COVID-19 is not likely to be transmitted through blood transfusion. Professor Sulaimon Akanmu, speaking at a webinar conference hosted by the Lagos State Blood Transfusion Service, stated that COVID -19 antibodies have been… Read Full Story ASUU Cautions Against Rushing To Reopen Schools
ACADEMIC Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has advised federal and state governments not to hasten to reopen schools until all necessary measures have been put in place to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in schools. The president of the union, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, gave the advice in an exclusive… Read Full Story COVID-19: Private Hospital Closed Down As 17 Staff Test Positive In Plateau
A private hospital in Jos, Plateau State, Rayfield Medical Services LTD, has been closed down as 17 staff of the hospital tested positive for COVID-19 after coming in contact with a coronavirus patient. The State Commissioner of Health Dr Nimkong Nadam Lar who disclosed this to newsmen in Jos said two persons with a… Read Full Story COVID-19: Concerns Over Early Discharge Of Patients
When Mr Henry Adelakin (not real name) was discharged from the isolation centre after a second test revealed he was negative of the COVID-19 infection, his relatives were thankful that the worse was over. They had kept his infection a secret to avoid stigmatisation… Read Full Story Another Harvest Of Arrests As EFCC Picks 16 Suspected Internet Fraudsters In Lagos, Ogun
It was another harvest of arrests on Wednesday as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested 16 young men suspected to be internet fraudster both in Lagos and Ogun State… Read Full Story FUOYE Student Found Dead In Boyfriend’s Hostel In OSPOLY, Iree
There was apprehension in Iree community of Boripe local government area of Osun State, as 21year-old female student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Miss Faderera Oloyede was found dead in her boyfriend hostel room. Though circumstances surrounding her death was still sketchy as of the time of… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Wadume’s Trial: Matters Arising
ON March 16, Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued an order compelling the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Burutai, to produce in court, the 10 soldiers who allegedly killed three policemen in their bid to effect the escape of millionaire kidnapping kingpin, Bala Hamisu, alias Wadume… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!