A group under the aegis of “Youth Vanguard for Good Governance” has thrown their weight behind Frank Ayade for the Cross Rivers North Senatorial bye-election. The group made the call in a statement signed by its Coordinator, Bassey Akpan. The death of late Senator Rose Okoji Oko, a second-term Senator in March 2020 has left the seat void, thereby creating room for a bye-election to fill the vacuum. Akpan said their support for Ayade is not unconnected with the fact that Ayade family lineage is proven to have leadership prowess. He insisted that there is nothing wrong having a Governor and Senator from the same family, saying that John Fitzgerald Kennedy and siblings had occupied strategic positions in the American government without anyone raising an eyebrow. He also cited the case of the former President of the United States of America, George Bush and his sons who were equally occupying political positions in the country. He described Ayade as a grassroots politician who has proved his sagacity as the engine room of Cross River government by virtue of his activities in the government of Cross River. The statement reads; “We, the members of ‘Youth Vanguard for Good Governance’ wish to declare our support for the younger brother of the performing governor of Cross River State, Dr Frank Ayade. “He is the one the cap fist to close the vacuum created by the unfortunate death of Senator Rose Oko since March 2020. “Frank is a grassroots loving man. It does not matter whether his older brother is the governor. What is important is the capacity and it is about time to live above these political sharing formula issues. If people from the family have the capacity to deliver the goods to our people, they should be allowed unhindered. The Ayade family has shown such gifts. Dr. Frank Ayade has all it takes; this is the time to give him a platform to be appreciated by the people. We know his mettle and his contributions to our State. “During the reign of John Kennedy, his brothers held offices at the same time. The Bush family in the United States also had father and son as presidents and a brother as governor. “Ayade is rich and will not betray the people because of money.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!