The cutting-edge blood component extractor machine just donated to the Lagos State government has been described as a timely intervention to aid the recovery of COVID-19 patients. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, said the machine would support passive immunisation of COVID-19 patients with the extraction of antibodies from survivors to be used on those battling with the deadly virus. Receiving the Terumo Spectria Optia model of the plasma apheresis machine from the Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company (SNEPCo) on Friday at the Infectious Disease Hospital, Yaba in Lagos, the commissioner said the donations and support from Shell companies in Nigeria under the oil and gas industry intervention programme were huge and worthy of emulation by other corporate bodies. The Apheresis machine is used for the collection and automatic separation of donor blood components such as platelets or plasma, as well as for the treatment for certain medical conditions in which a part of the blood that contains disease-provoking elements is removed. “The friendship, loyalty and support of Shell companies before and during the COVID-19 period are indeed tremendous and have really helped Lagos State in repositioning health care delivery to the people,” said Abayomi, adding: “I’m also impressed by your carbon-sensitive intervention with the provision of renewable solar power for the state’s isolation centre.” Presenting the items, including PCR testing machines, 150KVA generator, an ambulance, ventilators, a 30KVA solar hybrid solution and loads of medical consumables, Managing Director of SNEPCo, Bayo Ojulari, described COVID-19 as a global emergency requiring maximum support from corporate and individual entities to help the government in the management of the challenges posed by the pandemic. ALSO READ: Laws barring cross-border movement exist ― Aregbesola “Lagos being the epicentre puts an enormous challenge on state resources hence this industry intervention led by the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to support as many states as possible to bring the virus under control,” said Ojulari. He commended the state governor and its executive team for rising up early to put in place measures to check the spread of the virus in the state. Also speaking, Managing Director of NNPC, Mallam Mele Kolo Kyari who was represented by the Manager, Public Affairs Department of the National Petroleum Investment Management Services, Aliu Ja’afaru, noted that but for the timely and unrelenting efforts by the state the infection rates in Nigeria would have been much worse than it was. Soon after the outbreak of COVID-19 in Nigeria, Shell companies in Nigeria had provided four vehicles, including fueling and maintenance to Lagos State to aid in contact tracing. The companies had also presented vehicles, ambulances, ventilators, PCR Machines and tons of medical consumables to Rivers, Delta, Bayelsa, Imo and Abia states with plans to extend the donations to more states. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story Panic, Gloom… •Experts Reveal What COVID-19 Pandemic Portends For Nigeria’s Economy
WHEN Nigerians, at the beginning of the year, expressed their reservations about the 2020 budget, especially the signing of the Finance Bill, which, they argued, would further impoverish the common man, little did they envisage the advent of a public health crisis, in form of COVID-19, throw economies of individuals… Read Full Story COVID-19: EU, UN Hand Over Medical Supplies To Nigeria
European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have received and handed over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read Full Story I Did Not Stop Investigation Of NIRSAL ― Malami
The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has denied an online report that he stopped the investigation of the Nigeria Incentive-based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)… Read Full Story Security: It Is Buhari’s Call, Not Buratai’s 
President Muhammadu Buhari, last Thursday, gave a damning verdict on the nation’s security and intelligence chiefs when he told them that their best was not good enough for the nation and that he would no longer take any excuse from them for the rising insecurity in the land. According to the National Security Adviser… Read Full Story Edo: Of Oshiomhole, Saraki’s Snail And Naked Masquerade Allegories
COURT-SUSPENDED All Progressives Party (APC) Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, a few days before his court ouster, subtly flexed his power muscles and demonstrated a commendable grasp of African proverbs and aphorisms. Taking to his Twitter handle to do this, Oshiomhole had aptly announced that his smallish… Read Full Story 90 Days Of Pandemonium: A Nation At War With COVID-19
WHEN the Nigerian Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19 was constituted on Tuesday, March 17, the mandate was clear. With a timeline of six months, the body was assigned to “strengthen the national response strategy, particularly in the areas of testing, containment and management… Read Full Story Resident Doctors Set To Call Off Nationwide Strike, As NGF Intervenes
The leadership of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday night communicated its resolve to suspend the ongoing nationwide strike which commenced on Monday, 16th June 2020… Read Full Story Alleged Rape Saga: D’banj May Lose UN Ambassador Status
Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled against him… Read Full Story Nigeria’s New Rapeublic: Where Repulsively Rapacious Men Prey On Female Gender
TWENTY-TWO-YEAR-OLD Vera Uwaila Omozuwa had hoped to become an evangelist due to her passion for the gospel of Christ. Since the lockdown and closure of places of worship occasioned by the dreaded coronavirus pandemic began, the young lady had always sought the quietude of her church premises to study… Read Full Story 76 Nigerians Killed By COVID-19 In One Week
SEVENTY-SIX Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!