OYO State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, has sworn   in   Alhaji Kamorudeen Aderibigbe as the chairman of the state’s Civil Service Commission. The governor, who also swore in three permanent secretaries at a ceremony held on Thursday at the Government House, Agodi, Ibadan,   declared   that   the time to reform the service was now. Makinde said he was con- fident that Alhaji Aderibigbe and other members of the board of the commission, who were also sworn in at the event, were up to the task. The  governor  stated  that the task before the govern- ment, which the newly in- augurated commission must key into, include civil service reform, training and retrain- ing of the workforce as well as exploring e-governance. He said: “I want to con- gratulate the chairman and members of the Oyo State Civil Service Commission and I welcome you on board. “The chairman taught me in primary 6 and, with this, I want to say that the rewards of teachers are no longer in heaven. If you put in hard work, you never know when your students will show up. “You are coming on board at an auspicious time in our history. It is time for us to re- form the civil service. I do not entertain any shred of doubt that  you  have  the  capacity, competence and will to carry out the necessary reform in the Oyo State Civil Service. Speaking with Saturday Tribune, Alhaji Aderibigbe, expressed gratitude to God and thanked Governor Makinde for deeming him worthy of the appointment. He said: “I also give him ku- dos for the caliber of selfless and God-fearing Commissioners appointed to serve with me. No doubt, the Civil Service Commission is really a place to serve humanity which is actually the purpose of human creation. “I also thank God that our governor has already created an    enabling    environment to make our assignment much easier, with his workers-friendly nature. He has successfully  won  the  hearts of the citizens of the state, including the working class and pensioners. “The trade unions are for him, artisans are for him, traders are for him, even traditional rulers and religious leaders are praying. With all these, our job has been made easy. “The permanent secretary of the commission, Deacon David Olatunde, is a man of integrity, very articulate, hardworking and resourceful. No doubt, our governor has given us the instrument of office, and by the grace of God, we shall not betray the confi- dence reposed in us.” Aderibigbe retired as a Di- rector of Personnel Manage- ment in the Local Govern- ment Service of Oyo State in 2011.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story Akinwumi Adesina And AfDB
AFTER the Ethics Committee of the African Development Bank (AfDB) had returned a ‘not guilty’ verdict on the bank’s president, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had been accused by a group of whistleblowers of approving certain appointments and contracts that were in breach of the financial institution’s statutory and… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 350 New Cases, Total Now 11,516
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 350 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 11,516. The centre disclosed this on Tuesday night via its… Read full story COVID-19: African Nations Get $9.8bn As IMF Supports 66 Countries With $23bn
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has provided over $23 billion in emergency financial assistance and debt relief to 66 member countries facing the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. According to information sourced from IMF’s website on Thursday, sub-Saharan Africa got the highest support of $9.81 billion… Read full story Osun Relaxes Curfew, Now 9pm To 5am
The governor of Osun State, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, announced a new set of guidelines that would guide the second phase of the gradual reopening of the state’s economy, following the lockdown imposed by the government in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Experiencing Steady Rise In Maternal, Child Mortality ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, lamented that the country is experiencing a steady rise in maternal and child mortality as a result of disrupted essential services, due to the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story Through Facebook, Three Brothers Kidnap, Murder 55-Yr-Old Mother Of Five Children
Three brothers of one Emmanuel family, Johnson, Gideon and Success, have been arrested by the police for the kidnap and murder of one Mrs Janet Ogbonnaya. One of the three brothers, Johnson Emmanuel, had lured the woman, a mother of five children, via Facebook from her Gwagwalada home where they allegedly… Read full story Police Give Account Of How 21 People Were Killed In 2 LGs In Zamfara
Zamfara State police command has said 21 people were killed in attacks carried out in two local government areas of the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the police image-maker… Read full story