PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the council’s production of a machine to produce the special roast meat delicacy called kilishi in large quantities was its major breakthrough. His response, quite understandably, drew some guffaws from members of the committee. For a 33-year-old research council, a kilishi machine wasn’t exactly what the Senate committee expected as a landmark achievement. If the Senate committee was disappointed, so were many Nigerians. However, the Director General was obviously proud of the council’s accomplishment despite its lack of a laboratory. To be sure, the limitations of the council only mirror the Nigerian experience. The council’s mandate includes research into and development of raw materials very much like what is being done in Silicon Valley and Stanford university, but it has been apparently hampered in its duties. Without doubt, the council is operating very much like similar Nigerian institutions that serve merely as points of salary payments for underemployed citizens. Such institutions have lofty goals and objectives but are handicapped by finance, infrastructure, equipment, and of course a political leadership bereft of vision and mission. Nevertheless, the council still has modest achievements in its areas of endeavour. It has developed a number of raw materials, only that these items are not yet being produced in commercial quantities. As Professor Ibrahim observed, “We have developed two varieties of sorghum. We collaborated with agricultural research institutes and pharmaceutical industries because we produce ethanol from it and that is the basic raw material for the production of sanitizers. Also from sorghum, we developed other products like glucose syrup, livestock feeds, materials for breweries, and starch.” Elsewhere, such institutions lead their respective societies in products development based on research. But in Nigeria, socioeconomic realities foreclose such a feat. For instance, the national shortage in power generation is certainly a disincentive to research, production and industrialisation. It may indeed be easy and convenient to despise  and criticise the RMRDC for its inability to live up to its statutory mandate, but that can only amount to turning  a blind eye to the normative patterns of the Nigerian society. Virtually all of the country’s institutions are hobbled by similar constraints and that is why nothing really works in the country. The Senate and its sundry committees sitting in judgment over others cannot realistically claim to have done better, and neither can the presidency or the judicial arm of government. Perhaps if the Senate Committee on Science and Technology had done its job in overseeing the RMRDC, it wouldn’t have been so surprised or shocked by the revelation made by its Director-General. Indeed, which of Nigeria’s institutions is living up to its statutory mandate? That is the key question. There is a desperate need to get back to the drawing board and plan how the country as a whole can benefit from its numerous political, social and academic institutions in terms of service delivery. Certainly, without a laboratory and constant source of electricity, there isn’t much that can be realistically expected from any research and development agency.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story APC Crisis: Oshiomhole’s Exit Heralds 2023 Battle
As the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains and ordinary faithful watch with bated breath the unfolding power game in the ruling party, there are indications that what is playing out in the battle for the party structures ahead 2023 Presidency… Read Full Story IPPIS Crisis: Varsity Workers Give FG 14-Day Ultimatum
Varsity workers, under the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), have issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel… Read Full Story I Didn’t Order Police CP To Prevent My Deputy From Leaving Govt House ― Akeredolu
Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has dismissed reports claiming that the Commissioner of Police in the state restrained his deputy, Agboola Ajayi, from leaving the Government House based on his directive… Read Full Story Nigerians Will Pay For Electricity If Services Become Satisfactory ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said Nigerians are willing to pay for electricity if the services they receive from the distribution companies are constant and better… Read Full Story Lawyers Task FG To Ratify ILO Convention No. 190 On Violence And Harassment
The International Lawyers Assisting Workers network (ILAW), Nigeria Chapter has called on the Federal Government to speedily ratify the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention No. 190 on Violence and Harassment in the world of work… Read Full Story The Revenue Crisis And The Challenge Of Government
It has become a truth, universally acknowledged, that Nigeria currently faces an unprecedented revenue crisis. A report on the Medium-Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy (MTEF/FSP) recently released by the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget, and National Planning, revealed that during Q1 2020… Read Full Story Now That You Are Young
I am a prince in Oyo State and I grew up in the city of Ibadan before leaving for Lagos State. In the early 80s and 90s, the third-largest city in Africa, Ibadan, had so many young rich men and women, who did not understand what I want to share with you right now. It will help you a great deal, if you will put it into practice. Remember… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.