Some tourism stakeholders, including journalists, on Friday, called on the Federal Government to ensure the provision of adequate accommodation facilities to attract more tourists to Argungu international Fishing Festival. The stakeholders, who spoke during the Naija Seven Wonders webinar in Lagos, noted that provision of adequate accommodation would help to promote and market Argungu festival as a tourists destination. The webinar, with the theme, “Where to visit in Nigeria: Issues of Access and Security”, was organised by Ikechi Uko, Organiser, AKWAABA Africa Travel and Tourism Market. Some stakeholders who witnessed the recent Argungu fishing festival said that inadequate hotel facilities around the venue to cater for guests was a major disincentive for tourists. Okorie Uguru, a tourism writer with Nation newspaper, said that for a festival with such rich cultural content, spanning decades, there ought to be adequate accommodation for both local and international tourists. Uguru said the federal government should work seriously with other hospitality stakeholders ahead of next edition of the festival to ensure adequate accommodation facilities around the venue. “With my years of experience in the tourism industry, I can categorically say that the Argungu International Fishing Festival is a standard product from Nigeria. “There had been no problems with security, the only flaw observed was lack of accommodation facilities for guests; FG must begin to prepare for the next edition now, by making provision for accommodation. “The mind-blowing sites tourists can visit within the country are the Ojukwu Bunker, War Museum both in Umuahia, Seriki Abas Slave Museum and the Lush Sandy Coconut Beach in Badagry and more,” he said. ALSO READ: BREAKING: PDP screens Obaseki Saturday Also, Wale Olapade of the Nigerian Tribune, said the last edition of Argungu festival pulled much crowd than the host town could cater for, urging the federal government to make necessary preparations ahead of the next edition in 2021. He suggested that small chalets could be constructed around the town of Argungu, while security is beefed up for tourists’ safety. “The sight of over 50,000 fishermen in the water at a time is great to behold at Argungu fishing festival,” he said. Olapade urged Nigerians to undertake domestic tourism by visiting highly fascinating sites like the Ado-Awaye Hanging Lake in Oyo State, Bower’s Towers in Ibadan where one could view the four corners of Ibadan metropolis at a glance. “I will also advise tourists to visit Irefin Palace – one of the oldest palaces; Jos Museum with a very rich history of architecture and the Kiriji War Site in Osun. Also, Mrs Susan Akporiaye, President, National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies (NANTA), urged Nigerians to explore domestic tourism. Among places open for tourists is the Confluence of River Niger and Benue located in Lokoja and Mount Party in Kogi state which were quite exciting sites, she said. “The Awhum Waterfall in Enugu is another site which can compete with any natural waterfall in the world,” she said. Mrs Bilikisu Abdul, President, National Association of Tour Operators, also spoke on the beauty of Zuma Rock, Osborne Lake and Usuma Dam in Abuja, as well as Farin Ruwa located in Nasarawa State  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story COVID-19: Increased Number Of Cases, Warning Signal ― Minister
The Federal Ministry of Health says the increasing number of coronavirus infections in the country should be a warning that the fatality rate could rise. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, gave the warning at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country on Thursday in Abuja… Read Full Story COVID-19: Striking Doctors Are Frustrated, Health Minister Admits • Says FG can’t dictate to states
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, admitted that the striking doctors under the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have some things they are really frustrated about. Ehanire, who said he had a frank discussion with the young doctors in his office on Thursday morning over their… Read Full Story COVID-19: FG Takes Measures To Reduce Fatality Rate, Signs Pact With Republic Of Korea
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF), on Thursday, announced measures to limit and reduce the COVID-19 fatality rate, which it said has hit 469 deaths as at Thursday morning. Speaking at the PTF daily briefing, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said the increasing number of cases should be a warning that… Read Full Story FG Moves To Reduce High Rate Of Illegal Gold Mining, Smuggling
In its efforts to minimise the high rate of illegal gold mining and smuggling, the Federal Government, on Thursday, said it is currently creating a gold ecosystem, which would also increase government’s revenue from the resource, create jobs, and improve environmental and social stewardship… Read Full Story Sharif, CNG Leader, Regains Freedom
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has confirmed the release of Nastura Ashir Sharif, its chairman, Board of Trustees on Thursday. Recall that Sharif was arrested on Tuesday afternoon and moved to Abuja shortly after the peaceful protests in Katsina against the killings of helpless and defenceless citizens by bandits… Read Full Story Rapists Will Be Hung To Death In Kaduna ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has assured the people of Kaduna State that no matter what it takes he will sign the law that recommends death penalty by hanging for rapists in the state. This was disclosed by the Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba, in her verified Twitter handle… Read Full Story Kaduna’s Sultan Bello Mosque Resumes Juma’at Prayer Today
SULTAN Bello Mosque, Kaduna, has acquired three disinfectant machines as part of measures to safeguard worshippers from coronavirus infection and help in restoring the mosque to safe and beneficial use for the ummah. The Chief Imam of the mosque, Sheikh Mohammed Suleiman Adam, who made the disclosure in an interview… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Reps And The Media Lockout
REPORTS in the media last week indicated a direct assault on press freedom by the House of Representatives. The assault was carried out at a public hearing on the vexatious Control of Infectious Diseases Bill organised by its joint Committee on Health Services, Health Institutions and Justice… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!