Zamfara State police command has said 21 people were killed in attacks carried out in two local government areas of the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the police image-maker, SP Mohammed Shehu, on Thursday. According to the statement, the report published in an online medium that over 100 were killed was not only incurate, but misleading and unfounded. The statement noted that on June 2 and 3, the hoodlums attacked six villages in Maru Local Government with the intention to rustle cows but they were confronted by local vigilante in the areas. It was gathered that in the process, the gunmen killed 15 people, while seven people sustained gunshot injuries. The statement noted that on June 3, the hoodlums attacked some villages in Talatan Mafara Local Government which resulted in the death of five people, while five others sustained gunshot injuries. According to SP Muhammad, “at the moment, normalcy has been restored in the affected communities and the command will keep members of the public abreast as soon as new development emerges. Full text of the statement: “The attention of Zamfara State Police Command has been drawn to the above captioned headline published by one of the online media of Thursday, 4th June, 2020. “The report which indicates that gunmen attacked over 10 villages in Talata Mafara LGA and killed over 60 people and on the other hand attacked four villages and killed another 60 people in Maru LGA was not only inaccurate, but misleading and unfounded. “For purpose of clarity, the command wishes to set the record straight as follows:- “On 2nd and 3rd June, 2020, six villages namely :- Tungar Malan, Manyan Karaje, Tungar Arne, Dangodon Maiyakane, Dangodon Mai Masallaci and Boleke in Maru LGA were attacked by suspected armed bandits with intent to rustle cows. “When confronted by members of the milia group known as “YAN SAKAI”, they started shooting sporadically, thereby resulting to the death of 15 people, while seven people sustained gunshot wound and were rushed to the hospital for treatment. “In a related incident, On 3rd June, 2020, bandits attacked and killed six people from four villages namely:- Gidan Dan Kani, Tungar lauti, Inwala and Dangodo villages in Talata Mafara LGA. “The victims were attacked and killed while coming back from funeral of those earlier killed. Five people sustained gunshot wounds and are currently receiving treatment. “In view of the above, the Zamfara State Police Command hereby refutes such unfounded report and urges the press to patiently wait to have the accurate report of events before publication so as not to put members of the public in confusion and fear.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story