The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) Taraba State Command on Friday revealed that it has arrested one hundred and ninety-six suspects from July 2019 till March 2020. The State Commander, Mr Suleiman Jadi disclosed this while briefing journalists in Jalingo in commemoration of this year’s International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. He said the command in it’s an effort towards fighting the drug menace in the society had last year carried out a public burning and destruction of Narcotic drugs with a total weight of about 7000kg which was done by the Chairman/CEO of NDLEA, Col. Mustapha Abdallah (retd). Jadi maintained that out of the 196 suspects, 194 were male and 2 female, adding that Cannabis Sativa with a net weight of 555.83kg and Psychotropic substances weighing 327.76kg were seized and confiscated. He also explained that the Command through the Federal High Court Jalingo secured a total of 39 conviction, while it’s Drug Demand Reduction Unit successfully counselled 53 clients and carried out significance anti-drug abuse awareness campaign and enlightenment programmes in schools, markets places, hospitals and motor parks as well as government offices across the state. Mr Suleiman Jadi however, while thanking the state government for their assistance stressed the need for further assistance to respond to the current challenges posed by the menace of drug abuse. According to the state Commander, it is imperative now more than ever for the Command to have a standard rehabilitation centre to enable citizens of the state benefit from the memorandum of understanding (MOU) that is already in place between NDLEA and National Directorate of Employment aimed at enabling the rehabilitated drug dependent person benefits and acquire skills and training from the NDE programmes free of charge. Mr Jadi revealed that currently, the Taraba has not benefitted from the programme due to lack of rehabilitation facilities in the NDLEA centre in the state. He highlighted some of the current logistics challenges facing the Command that includes enabling office accommodation, aids and tools for drug education, awareness and rehabilitation facilities for drug addicts/ dependents persons. The theme for this year is” Better knowledge for better care.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.