The construction of Trans-Warri road and bridges project in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State is to be completed as scheduled for December 2021, the Commissioner for Works in the state, Chief James Augoye, has assured. The project has spanned for over 13 years, due to hiccups in funding until the present administration changed the narrative to complete it. Fourteen of the 19 bridges on the 28.8 km road have been completed while work is ongoing on the remaining five bridges with 95 per cent of the internal roads in Ode-Itsekiri completed. Speaking after the inspection of the road, Commissioner Augoye said the inspection was to ensure that all contractors handling projects for the government were on site in line with the state government’s directive to them to return to the site following to substantial relaxation of the lockdown occasion by COVID-19 pandemic. According to him, the multi-billion naira road project which links Ubeji, Ifie, Ijala, Ogbodede, Inorin, Ajigba, Orugbo, Usele, Ode-Itsekiri was awarded in 2006 but that the contractor moved to site in November 2007. ALSO READ: Power: Senate probes N1.8trn intervention fund He said that Okowa’s administration had reduced the state government’s indebtedness to the contractor from N9 billion to N3 billion and expressed optimism that the project would be completed according to the agreement. “The contractors are presently trying to complete the remaining 5 bridges and once they are done with that they will continue on the road work. Augoye disclosed that the project had opened up the Ubeji to Ifie side of the Warri River and had attracted six tank farms and other multi-billion naira investments and urged the contractors to speed up the pace of work in order to meet the December 2021 completion timeline. “As you can see the road has not been completed but it has opened up the other side of the river to many economic activities and if this other side of the river is completed, it means that it will create more economic activities for the people around this area,” he stated Earlier, Area Manager of Setraco, Delta Region, Mr Joseph Helby said that the company was determined to complete the project at the end of 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story Cleanup Starts At 57 Sites In Ogoni Land ― Minister The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Abubakar, says no fewer than 57 sites at Ogoni land in Rivers are being cleaned up currently. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on Wednesday in Abuja, saying that he had presented a report on the ministry’s mandate to a meeting of the… Read full story COVID-19: NCoS Reopens Custodial Centres For Admission Of Inmates The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) announced the reopening of Custodial Centres to admit all categories of inmates. Controller General of Corrections, Ja’afaru Ahmed, who ordered the reopening of the Custodial Centres, on Wednesday, in Abuja, said the action became imperative to enhance access to justice and… Read full story Community Policing Takes Off In Lagos Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday inaugurated the State Community Policing Advisory Committee (SCPAC) and its operations arm, State Community Policing Committee (SCPC), aimed at improving security in all communities across the state… Read full story Auxiliary, Oyo Park Managers Sign Undertaking Against Drivers’ Harassment, Fake Ticketing Aimed at curtailing their reported excesses, park managers in Oyo State, on Wednesday, were made to sign an undertaking binding them to adhere to stipulated rules of engagement or face disciplinary measures. As contained in the letter of undertaking, signed at the state secretariat, Ibadan, the park managers are not to engage… Read full story Ibuprofen Tested As Coronavirus Treatment Scientists are running a trial to see if ibuprofen can help hospital patients who are sick with coronavirus. According to a BBC report, the team from London’s Guy’s and St Thomas’ hospital and King’s College believe the drug, which is an anti-inflammatory as well as a painkiller, could treat breathing difficulties… Read full story There Is Nothing As ‘State Of Osun’, Court Insists Justice Mathias Agboola of the Osun State High Court on Wednesday insisted that legally and constitutionally there is nothing called “State of Osun”. He declared that under the Nigerian constitution, only Osun State exists. Delivering judgment in Osogbo in a suit filed by a human rights activist, Barrister Kanmi Ajibola against… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY-increase your strings of income by investing in one or variety of businesses  ranging from Real estate, Agriculture, Transportation, Construction,Metals,Aviation,Hospitality etc . Click here to invest