Deputy national publicity secretary of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Mazi Chuks Ibegbu, spoke to JUDE OSSAI in Enugu on the level of progress made so far as Nigertia marks Democracy Day. Excerpts. IT is another Democracy Day. What do you think is the level of progress in terms of governance in the country? It has been a bag of mixed blessings. There have been successes in areas in some of states as some governors and ministers have performed creditably. But in general, the dividends of democracy have not been circulating as expected. We have witnessed alot of insecurity. We have witnessed alot of hunger and disappointments in the land. It is not yet Uhuru for Nigerians.  What do you think is responsible for the seemingly unimpressive situation? Lack of credible leadership is our problem. Our leadership recruitment mechanism is faulty. In most cases, people who are very selfish and corruptly minded are given power in Nigeria, beginning from highest to the lowest levels. Until we get it right, we will not go anywhere; until the Independent National Electoral Electoral Commission (INEC) gets it right and everybody performing his or her role; the electorate and politicians playing according to the rule so that we can get credible leadership, it will be a Herculean task for the country to move forward. Our founding fathers: Michael Opkara transformed the Eastern Region to become the fastest growing economy in the world in 1960 with palm oil.  Chief Obafemi Awolowo transformed the Western Region, giving free education to his people with cocoa proceeds, while Ahmadu Bello changed the face of the North with groundnut pyramids. Today, the kind of leaders we have are self-centered and myopic. That has been our challenge. When we get it right in leadership, other things will take proper shape.  With the problem posed by coronavirus pandemic, how does the future of the country look like? One thing is that COVID-19 is being politicised. Our politicians now use it to loot our commonwealth. So, whatever it is, COVID-19 has revealed so many things. For instance, going by the issue of Almajirai. by God’s grace, we have now seen the danger of unkempt children. The northern governors have now seen the danger of sustaining the Almajirai system. But the unfortunate thing is that they are trying to shift the burden to the East and the Southern parts of the country. We have seen that there is need for diversification of our economy. The North is full of mineral resources but they are not interested in exporting them. They are only interested in the oil and gas in Niger Delta. It is high time we focused on agriculture. Agriculture should be the nation’s priority. We should go back to the farm. Our hospitals and health institutions are in a shambles and our experience in COVID-19 has exposed how poor we are in the sector. We need to redress all these malaise because only Nigerians can save Nigeria.  Against this background, what will you suggest that the country do to redeem itself? To redress the ills of the nation, we should be honest with leadership. We should go back to 1960s and ask ourselves questions. How did Michael Okpara make the Eastern Region the fastest growing economy in the world? How did Awolowo achieve free education? How did Ahmadu Bello develop North with groundnut pyramids. I am from Okpara’s community, he had no house of his own in his village throughout his lifetime. But today, many local government chairmen have more than  200 houses. Leadership is all about service. There should be transparency, honesty and sincerity in leadership. In Nigeria, leadership is all about looting of our commonwealth.  How do you assess today’s youths. Are they living up to expectation by your own estimation? The youths of today are victims of misrule by their fathers. You should not blame them because when a she-goat is chewing the chord, the little ones are watching. So, the question is, who are their role model who are nurturing them? If you go to our universities, you will be amazed to discover that some of the lecturers are cultists. If you go our communities and villages, you will also find that some of our traditional rulers are fraudulent.  So, where do we go from here? The society in general is in a mess. What we need is a moral revolution.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Why Schools Must Remain Shut For Now ― Minister
PARENTS and school children anxious for reopening schools will have to wait a little more as the Federal Government on Monday insisted that the schools remain shut for now. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, speaking on Monday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 news briefing described as fake news timetables purported released from the Ministry of Education on the conduct of West African Examination Council examinations being circulated on the social media… Read full story After Pressure From Govs, Buhari Delays Gazetting Of Executive Order On Autonomy For State Legislatures, Judiciary
Pressured by state governors, President Muhammadu Buhari has agreed to delay the gazetting of Executive Order 10, which he recently signed, to grant autonomy to state legislature and judiciary… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 315 New Cases, Total Now 12,801
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 315 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 12,801… Read full story 60% Of 979 Mysterious Deaths In Kano Due To COVID-19 ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) said on Monday that a total of 979 deaths were recorded in April in Kano, during what was popularly known as Kano mysterious deaths. The Task Force, however, revealed during its daily briefing on Monday that 50 per cent to 60 per cent of the mysterious deaths were due to… Read full story Nigeria’s Economy To Contract By 3.2% As Global Economy Shrinks By 5.2% ― World Bank
The World Bank, on Monday, projected a 3.2 per cent contraction for Nigeria’s economy even as it said that the global economy would shrink by 5.2 per cent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Tribune Online reports that the World Bank’s projection is 0.2 per cent lower than the one announced by the Federal Government in… Read full story AfDB: Organised Labour Calls On US, World Powers To Respect African Choice
The Organised Labour has unanimously called on the United States (US) and other world powers with interests in the African Development Bank (AfDB) to allow the will and choice of African countries who are satisfied with the stewardship of Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, as President of the bank… Read full story As COVID-19 Bites Harder, Nigeria Risks Food Crisis
No doubt, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has had a great impact on global food production where farmers find it difficult to access their farms and inputs due to lockdown or fear of being infected. Some international food organisations in the recent past had raised alarm over the looming food crisis if… Read full story Gov Sule Sacks SSG
Gov Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has sacked the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Aliyu Ahmed-Tijani.Ahmed-Tijjani was Commissioner for Education in the administration of Sen. Umaru Al-Makura, immediate past governor of the state… Read full story Provide Corruption Evidence Against NASS Members, Group Tells NDDC
A group of concerned youth in Delta State under the auspices of Progressive Delta Youths (PDY) has challenged the management of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to make public the evidence of corruption linking members of the National Assembly to any form of fraud in the Commission… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Has Carried Out 80,000 Tests ― PTF
After 100 days Nigeria recorded its index COVID-19 case, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic said it had tested 80,000 citizens for the infection. It has also built its testing laboratory capacity from two to 30 with a laboratory in every geopolitical zone in the country, providing increased access to testing… Read full story Delta Cleric Charged With Alleged Rape As Victim Narrates Sexual Encounter
The Founder/General Overseer of Victory Revival Fasting and Prayer Ministry, Bishop Elijah Orhonigbe, was on Monday in Warri, Delta State arraigned in court for the alleged rape of a teenage girl in the church auditorium. The nineteen-year-old girl (name withheld) was allegedly raped during a private deliverance… Read full story Nigerian Students Deny Harassment Claims Against Chinese Government
A group of Nigerian students studying in China under the auspices of Coalition of Nigerian Students in China (CNSC), has denied claims that Nigerians in the country are being harassed the Chinese government. President of the group, Umar Abukabar, in a statement made available to the media on Monday, in Abuja, denounced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Barakat Bello: Yet Another Rape Killing
WHILE Nigerians were still reeling in shock over the case of Vera Omozuwa, a year-one student of Microbiology at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Edo State, who was raped and then bludgeoned to death by her assailants with a fire extinguisher while studying at the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Benin, their sensibilities were again assaulted by yet another barbaric incident… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE