Justin Ughulu,music producer, recording artist and saxophonist, has revealed his plans to make a difference in music production in Ibadan, Oyo State and in turn make impact nationally and internationally through his growing music studio structure. The musician who started his career in 2012 from a christian background said he developed interest loving music with so many rehearsals and concerts that he was a part of and how that created the desire and love for music he has had over the years. Ughulu told Saturday Tribune that, “It has been a wonderful experience; an experience that has exposed me to a wider audience home and abroad”. When he released his first album ‘Greatest Love’ in 2012, he said he discovered the stress of having to get a good studio to record or make good music. As a result of that, he invested in building an ambience, in form of a studio, to make a difference in music production and cover loopholes he had experienced working in other studios. Ughulu, whose stage name and social media handle is Justin AB said, “As a musician, having a studio is a big advantage because you won’t have to worry too much since you record at will, you don’t have to worry too much for funds to record your songs, it saves you the stress of having to travel far looking for a place to make good music. The moment inspiration comes, you pick up your pen, write, compose right there in the studio. “But that is not just all about a studio. I am a musician and at this point of my life, I want to impact other lives. I just want to help others, especially the upcoming artistes around me, to achieve their dreams. Being a music producer  affords me the opportunity. “The studio we have is unique and we want it to be of a standard; as one of the bests in this part of the world”. The producer cum saxophonist stated that he wanted to be a forerunner of quality sound and music production in Ibadan,  especially, and that would involve investing in artistes and songs that entertain, educate, and inspire people which he was already doing. Because of the challenges upcoming artistes face, in terms of funding their music, getting the right atmosphere, good producers and generally, a conducive studio which were some of the things Justin AB noted in his music journey, he mentioned that he has invested in good equipments to increase quality and good music. Justin AB also said there were so many talented fellows who needed help to take their music career to the next level which he has met in Ibadan and outside the city. “As a producer, I have created opportunities for these talented individuals and still creating more; just because of the importance to make impact. “Having a studio gives me that chance to help raise upcoming artist especially those who are talented and need serious help”,  he said. He also told Saturday Tribune that one of the major challenges a producer and studio owner goes through was working with people, because of the variety of personalities that want to sing. With some doing hip-hop ,another, rap, he said there were different appearances the artistes would have which made it a toll managing people sometimes.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.