Former governor of old Ondo State, Chief Bamidele Olumilua is dead. Olumilua, who was governor between 1992 and 1993 died at the age of 80 in the early hours of Thursday. His eldest son and Commissioner for Information in Ekiti State, Mr Muyiwa Olumilua confirmed that his father died in his country home, Ikere-Ekiti. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Reps Approve $22.799bn External Loan, Revised 2020-2022 MTEF-FSP Amidst Protest
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved Federal Government’s request to borrow $22.799 billion external loan and the revised Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Policy Paper (FSP), as South-East lawmakers protested exclusion from the new borrowing plan… Read full story We Have Not Relaxed Ban On Religious Activities, 8pm To 5am Curfew Still In Force, Says Oyo Govt
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, headed by Governor Seyi Makinde, stated on Tuesday that it was yet to relax the ban on religious activities and the curfew imposed as a result of the pandemic. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the Task Force made its… Read full story I Expect Police To Bring UNIBEN Student’s Killers To Justice Quickly, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Uwaila Omozuwa, the University of Benin undergraduate who was raped and later died last week, saying he expected the Nigerian Police to speedily investigate the case and ensure the culprits are brought to justice… Read full story Again, PDP Calls For N70 Pump Price Rate •Rejects Announced N121 per litre
The Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has again called on the Federal Government to review the fuel pump price rate to N70 per litre to reflect global oil price reality. According to the party, any rate higher than this would amount to shortchanging Nigerians and urged that national assembly to compel the… Read full story