The Nigerian society today has failed in its recognition of God, especially leaders in governance and policy makers; they act like there is no God. The COVID-19 pandemic is just a simple punishment from God on the world, especially its leaders, for failing in their duties. COVID-19 is not just a disease but an act of God. The world should wake up to the reality that the COVID-19 is a warning and a lesson to all to repent, live a good life and serve the living God. How can the whole world fail to recognise that this is the hand of God? We have neglected God and his precepts. Look at the world today; killings everywhere, rape every day and corruption as a norm. To find the cure to COVID-19, the whole world should seek the living God so that he can reveal himself to us, forgive and show us the cure. Oladiran Bukola, Ogun State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Names Ajimobi Acting Chairman
The National Working Committee (NWC) of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), on Tuesday, announced Senator Abiola Ajimobi as its acting National Chairman. This followed affirmation of the suspension of National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole, by an Appeal Court… Read Full Story FG Threatens To Sack Striking Doctors As Meeting Ends In Deadlock
Following the failure of the marathon meeting between the Federal Government and the doctors under the auspices of National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) to reach a compromise, the government on Tuesday threatened to sack all striking doctors who fail to report to work on Wednesday… Read Full Story I’ll Protect Children Against Sexual Violence ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has pledged the commitment of the government to protect children from sexual violence, domestic abuse and exploitation as Nigeria join the international community to celebrate the Day of the African Child… Read Full Story Osinbajo’s Committee Did Not Call For Suspension Of NYSC ― Laolu Akande
Contrary to reports circulating in the mainstream media, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo did not call for the suspension of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Tribune Online reports. Osinbajo’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Laolu Akande, made this known on Tuesday on Twitter… Read Full Story Attempt To Link Me With Naira Marley’s Flight Ridiculous ― Fashola
The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola on Tuesday described as ridiculous, attempts to link him with a flight that conveyed hip-hop star, Azeez Fashola is popularly known as Naira Marley, to Abuja for a concert last… Read Full Story Nigeria Lost N27.5bn To Oil Pipeline Vandalism In 2018 ― Audit Report
The newly published oil and gas 2018 audit report has revealed that a total of N27.551billion was lost to pipeline vandalism within the year. It stated that a total of 1,894 breaks were recorded with a loss of 204,397.07 cubic metres of crude product… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!