Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday. Speaking to hosts of the Asaase (a Ghanaian radio station’s) breakfast show on Tuesday, June 23, Ghana’s Minister of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration, Shirley Ayorkor Botchwey, said that Nigerian officials got the first hint of an impending dispute last week. They made appeals for assistance to Ghana’s National Security and the Ministries of the Interior and Foreign Affairs on June 15, she confirmed. Disputed ownership The demolition late on Friday night targeted new structures on a walled piece of land adjoining the Nigerian High Commissioner’s residence on Barnes Road. The plot is three blocks up the road from the Canadian High Commission, within Accra’s old diplomatic enclave. Nii Okwei Kinka Dowuona VI, head of the Osu Traditional Council, one of the units within the Ga Traditional Council area, disputes ownership of the land. On June 21, he issued a statement saying: “The said parcel of land belongs to the Osu stool and is to be used for purposes only agreed upon by the stool and its council of elders. “The stool is also informed that the structure is [a] planned entertainment complex to be used as an events centre for commercial purposes and is not a block of flats as has been purported.” The statement further alleged that the unnamed “trespasser” on the premises was a private businessman acting under the cover of a Nigerian diplomat. “The intention of the trespasser is to forcibly take over land under the cover of diplomatic mission from the stool land without redress and without the permission of the traditional authority and its council of elders,” it said. “The stool informs the general public that there has never been a purchase of any parcel of land from it by the foreign office of the Nigerian High Commission,” it added. “The Lands Commission has confirmed that the High Commission did not purchase the parcel of land from them.” Breaching convention Ms Botchwey told the Asaase Breakfast Show that the Government of Ghana is making every effort to make restitution for what may have been a breach of the Vienna Convention, which governs diplomatic relations between nation states. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a press release on 20 June saying: “Whilst expressing regrets over the incident, the Ministry wishes to reassure the Diplomatic community in Ghana, and the Nigeria High Commission in particular, that Ghana remains a law-abiding country that upholds the principle of the rule of law, where due process is followed at all times. “The Government will, therefore, not relent in its primary obligation to guarantee the safety of Members of the Diplomatic Corps in Ghana.” Patrick Korlayebisi, a contractor who was working on the razed structure, says the High Commission did not receive any warning or notice of any legal problems before the demolition took place. Staff from the Lands Commission had visited while construction was ongoing at the site, he told Joy News. The Lands Commission representatives expressed no reservations when they learned that the building on the site belonged to the Nigerian High Commission. “It was, therefore, unfortunate that armed men later stormed the premises to pull down some buildings,” Korlayebisi said. The Nigerian High Commission says the block of uncompleted flats on the site was intended to house staff and diplomats visiting the High Commission. Ms Botchwey told presenters of the Asaase Breakfast Show that moderation on the part of all parties to the dispute will be the surest way to resolve the matter. (Asaase Radio)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say were locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.