BY the time he died on June 1, aged 57, Majekodunmi Faseke,  or simply Majek Fashek to his distraught fans all over the world, had lived his life to full circle. Of course, he was not  an old man, but he had arguably seen it all. From the low, deprived, humble beginnings of childhood and the boisterous struggling years of adolescence to the peak of prominence and global fame, then back to the ebb of existence, Majek Fashek had seen it all. Not many older persons could claim to have fumbled and tumbled through life than the man fondly referred to as the Rainmaker. He was born in 1963 to the Faseke family of Ilesa, Osun State. His mother however hailed from Edo State, which explains the influence of the Edo experience on his music. His music talents manifested early: he joined his mother both in church and among the Olokun worshippers. He learnt to play the guitar and the horns and composed songs for the local Aladura church that he attended. With some others, he formed a band known as the Jastix which invariably became the house band in the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) Benin’s Music Panorama, sometimes offering services for other musicians like the defunct Mandators . In 1987, he went on a solo career and dropped his earlier stage name, Rajesh Kanal, opting for Majek Fashek as a shortened form of his real name. Instant success trailed his efforts in the stable of a local music label which recorded and marketed him. His first album, Prisoner of Conscience, blew up the charts, garnering virtually all the awards in the music industry. And after he had reached the peak locally, the international market beckoned on him and it was time to shift base. Leaving the local label, Majek Fashek signed up for the label which could expand his reach and burnish his  image. Among his many offerings, the track, Send down the rain, still holds fans spellbound in the dance halls till date. For him, it was indeed such a roller coaster ride on the crest of fame and fortune: his various shows were sellouts on a regular basis. He featured on many night shows on the national TV stations in the United States and his net worth buoyed exponentially. His reputation was also magnified as he had collaborations with other international music stars, releasing many best-selling songs  and international chart busters. But then there was a snag: a few years ago, the rumour mill had it that Majek Fashek was broke and battling drug addiction. As he went in and out of rehab centres, it was clear that he needed help, both financially and emotionally. If people rallied around him financially, the emotional aspect of the rehab process was in doubt. His very few outings depicted him in a pitiful frame. He looked forlorn, emaciated and woebegone. Years of drug addiction had taken an irreparable toll. The Rainmaker was swimming against the tide of rebirth and renewal. He nevertheless had a few gigs where fans tasted, however briefly, a little of his creative genius. Majek Fashek was clearly one of Nigeria’s international music exports but sadly, he did not get a firm grip on himself when fame and fortune came. As noted by the international soccer star, Cristiano Ronaldo, talent is not enough; one also needs discipline for success to finally crystallize, and to remain at the pinnacle. In his eventual demise, Majek Fashek was clearly the Nigerian metaphor: talented, resourceful, but wasted.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story Reps Halt Sale Of NECO Buildings, TSB, International Trade Fair
The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, directed the supervisory Boards of Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS), International Trade Fair Complex, as well as management of National Examination Council (NECO) to halt the sale and concession of all properties within and outside the country, pending the conclusion of the… Read full story CEO Tonimas Oil And Gas, Anthony Enukeme Is Dead
The Chief executive officer of Tonimas Oil and Gas, Chief Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme is dead. Chief Enukeme, who is also APGA board of trustee member passed on at the early hours of Monday… Read full story Court Declares Aguma Rivers APC Acting Chair
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared Hon Igo Aguma, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The court also compelled the party to allow all members of the party loyal to Sen Magnus Abe, who purchased from for the congresses of the party in 2018 to take part in the process… Read full story COVID-19: Gombe Taskforce Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Positive Cases, Cry For Lack Of Funds To Operate
In his periodic update on the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state, Chairman of the Gombe State COVID-19 Taskforce, Professor Idris Mohammed, has raised an alarm of community spread of the infection… Read full story EDITORIAL: Bandits On The Prowl
LAST week, Katsina State governor, Honourable Aminu Bello Masari, vowed that he would no longer negotiate with bandits in the state. His grouse was that they had reneged on an agreement reached with the state government. According to him, they promised to repent and leave the North-West, but “they did not… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE