THE Chairman of NEM Insurance, Dr. Fidelis Ayebae has assures shareholders of growing the market share of the company with the adoption of policies that leveraged extensively on robust technology infrastructure. At the company’s Annual General Meeting in Lagos last Friday, Ayebade, noted that, with the adoption of the management’s policies the company remained well positioned and its business strong, thus maintaining a healthy balance sheet, given the unprecedented circumstances and current market environment, especially the novel coronavirus pandemic. The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, NEM Insurance Plc, Mr. Tope Smart, has reassured shareholders that the company is working very hard to ensure compliance with the recapitalisation deadline for insurance companies. “Since the outbreak of the novel strain of Coronavirus, specifically identified as “COVID-19” in December 2019, governments worldwide have enacted emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus. NEM is also actively assessing and responding where possible to its potential impact on the Company’s business. The focus has been on the safety of our personnel, ensuring the continuity of access to our products by our clients and also efficient service delivery. As the situation continues to be very dynamic, the company has been working diligently to assess the potential risks posed by COVID-19 to its business on an ongoing basis and to realign its strategies accordingly,” he said Speaking also at the at the AGM, the Managing Director/ Chief Executive Officer of the Insurance company, Mr Tope Smart reassured shareholders that the company was working hard to ensure compliance with the recapitalisation deadline for insurance companies. “During the year(2019), our regulator, National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) increased the minimum paid up capital of all Insurance and Reinsurance companies and were initially given up to June 30, 2020 to comply. “This period was subsequently changed to December 31, 2020. We are working hard to ensure compliance before the due date. Our associate in Ghana, Regency NEM Insurance is equally going through a recapitalisation process as directed by the National Insurance Commission, Ghana. However, they have up to June 2021 to comply and we are working towards complying with this new capital regime also.” Smart said the net claims paid by the company in 2019 financial year rose by 54 per cent to N3.9 billion from N2.5 billion in the corresponding period of 2018, explaining that the huge claims paid had a negative impact on its bottom line as profit before tax stood at N1.9 billion from N2.6 billion in 2018. “However, profit after tax increased to N2.4 billion from N2 billion, an increase of 18 per cent due to deferred tax asset. From our associate in Ghana, we achieved one per cent increase in profit from N21.2 million in 2018 to N21.4 million in 2019. We are confident of improving on this next year,” he added. A dividend of 15 kobo per share was paid to the shareholders.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story Panic, Gloom… •Experts Reveal What COVID-19 Pandemic Portends For Nigeria’s Economy
WHEN Nigerians, at the beginning of the year, expressed their reservations about the 2020 budget, especially the signing of the Finance Bill, which, they argued, would further impoverish the common man, little did they envisage the advent of a public health crisis, in form of COVID-19, throw economies of individuals… Read Full Story COVID-19: EU, UN Hand Over Medical Supplies To Nigeria
European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have received and handed over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read Full Story I Did Not Stop Investigation Of NIRSAL ― Malami
The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has denied an online report that he stopped the investigation of the Nigeria Incentive-based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)… Read Full Story Security: It Is Buhari’s Call, Not Buratai’s 
President Muhammadu Buhari, last Thursday, gave a damning verdict on the nation’s security and intelligence chiefs when he told them that their best was not good enough for the nation and that he would no longer take any excuse from them for the rising insecurity in the land. According to the National Security Adviser… Read Full Story Edo: Of Oshiomhole, Saraki’s Snail And Naked Masquerade Allegories
COURT-SUSPENDED All Progressives Party (APC) Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, a few days before his court ouster, subtly flexed his power muscles and demonstrated a commendable grasp of African proverbs and aphorisms. Taking to his Twitter handle to do this, Oshiomhole had aptly announced that his smallish… Read Full Story 90 Days Of Pandemonium: A Nation At War With COVID-19
WHEN the Nigerian Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19 was constituted on Tuesday, March 17, the mandate was clear. With a timeline of six months, the body was assigned to “strengthen the national response strategy, particularly in the areas of testing, containment and management… Read Full Story Resident Doctors Set To Call Off Nationwide Strike, As NGF Intervenes
The leadership of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday night communicated its resolve to suspend the ongoing nationwide strike which commenced on Monday, 16th June 2020… Read Full Story Alleged Rape Saga: D’banj May Lose UN Ambassador Status
Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled against him… Read Full Story Nigeria’s New Rapeublic: Where Repulsively Rapacious Men Prey On Female Gender
TWENTY-TWO-YEAR-OLD Vera Uwaila Omozuwa had hoped to become an evangelist due to her passion for the gospel of Christ. Since the lockdown and closure of places of worship occasioned by the dreaded coronavirus pandemic began, the young lady had always sought the quietude of her church premises to study… Read Full Story 76 Nigerians Killed By COVID-19 In One Week
SEVENTY-SIX Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!