Mr Edward Ubos, Speaker, Enugu State House of Assembly, has ordered for the total shutdown and fumigation of the assembly complex. This was contained in a statement signed by the chairman of the House Committee on Information and Communication, Mr Jeff Mbah on Saturday in Enugu. Mbah said that Ubosi gave the order as a precautionary measure following the death of Mr Chijioke Ugwueze, member representing Isi-Uzo Constituency. “The speaker has ordered the immediate shutdown of the assembly complex for decontamination. “Also the suspension of all activities in the complex till further notice. “Our heartfelt sympathy goes to Ugwueze family, the wife, the children, the people of Isi-Izo Constituency and all our distinguished colleagues in the house and the State Government for the irreparable loss,” Mbah said. (NAN) ISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!