The Police Command in Ebonyi, on Saturday, said that it had arrested two teenage boys aged 15 and 14 years for allegedly gang-raping a 15-year-old girl. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, DSP Loveth Odah, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abakaliki that the suspects had confessed to the crime. Odah said that the incident happened at Nkelegu Ishieke community in Ebonyi Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. She said that the police division at Ishieke arrested the suspects who allegedly defiled the victim in her father’s house while he was away for his daily business. The police spokesperson disclosed that the suspects, though minors, would be remanded at the juvenile welfare home if found guilty by the court. “The only thing that can make children of this age to indulge in such an act is cultism and drugs. “Fidelis Nwoye in the company of his daughter came to the station and reported that both suspects went to his house while he was at his shop, tore his daughter’s clothes and raped her. “Though they are minors, they will be charged to court as soon as we are done with the doctor’s report,” Odah said. She noted that there had been an increase in cases of rape in the country in recent times which had led to mass protest and a call for separate court to prosecute rape suspects. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story Gender-Based Violence, Rape Dent On Our Collective Humanity, Dignity —Osinbajo
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo says gender-based violence, rape and sexual assaults are blemishes on the collective humanity and dignity of Nigerians as a people and a nation. Osinbajo expressed his displeasure on Friday in Abuja while addressing a virtual meeting of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), on the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!