Sinmileoluwa Akinpelumi is a lawyer and author who has written about five novels. She owns a self-publishing website called Nova Creative Writers where writers showcase their works. In this interview by ‘YOMI AYELESO, she talks about her objective for creating the platform, how Nigerian writers could launch themselves to limelight, among other issues.  What informed your choice of career? As a child, societal injustice was one of the things that never sat well with me. I always wondered about ways that equity and justice could be better attained in our world. I also wondered how I could help people who have been deprived of this justice due to poverty or other societal class reasons. There was no better way than to actually learn and understand the law. This is why I studied Law. It is a profession that allows me to actually contribute to the society and make the changes I want to see.  Where did you get your inspiration for writing? I develop all my stories by myself but part of my inspiration comes from other novels I have read and sometimes, movies.  What motivated you to start Nora creative writers? While I was writing my first novel, I thought about how to publish it without cost and realised there were other writers facing the same challenge. So, I decided to create a friendly platform where all creative writers could publish their work. I wanted to help solve that problem. Nova Creative Writers is an online self publishing community for creative writers and readers. Our web address is novacreativewriters.com and we upload daily contents on the website which include poetry, novels and short stories, blog contents, comics and webtoons. Since we launched on April 27th, 2020, we have received over 60 contents.  For now, we have one comic and a webtoon. Those are areas we really want to explore. Uploading on the website is free but there is a submission process that is outlined on the submission page of the website. We also offer other services like editing, proofreading, book reviews and book design, ghostwriting, creative or content writing and story development that we charge for. We encourage authenticity so we upload only fictional novels of all genres, except academic books. Authors earn royalties from their second book; their first book is always free for readers.  What challenges have you been facing as a woman in a male dominated field? I have faced a couple of challenges both as a lawyer and as a writer but the challenges I have faced so far have had nothing to do with my gender.  If you have to choose between writing and Law, which one will you pick and why? Law is my profession and writing is my passion. I can’t choose between them because they are both important to me. I studied for years to become a lawyer, I love being a lawyer. Writing is one of my favourite things to do. I can’t imagine not being able to write. It has become a part of my life that I can’t part with. So, both law and writing are important to me. In a way, it is even impossible to dissociate law from writing as there are some expressions of writing in my practice of the law.  How do you think the reading culture of most Nigerians could be enhanced? I believe being a good reader is more of an interest than something that can be influenced by an external force. During the COVID-19 lockdown, I heard people complain about boredom and I couldn’t relate with that. Between writing, editing and reading, my entire day is clogged and active. Personally, I think it has to do with interests. Maybe more people will read if there are no social media networks. Maybe that’s an extreme thought because social media has played its part as being a tool for encouraging reading too. Reading is a habit that can be cultivated. We just need proper balance between cultivating reading habits and the distractions of social media.  As a lawyer how do you think we can stop domestic violence and sexual abuse of women and children? It’s a good thing that more people are becoming aware of their rights. However, more attention and effort should still be put towards sensitising people, especially those in rural areas. We need to encourage sexual abuse victims to speak up. Abuse is not something to keep to oneself. There’s a need for creation of platforms where victims can report their abusers and open up about their abuse as well as get proper counseling.  The justice system needs to be strengthened with more definite punitive measures to serve as deterrent for violators. The seeming toothless dog system where there’s a lot of barking and no biting needs to be eradicated. Abusers should actually be able to face trial and get punished adequately for their crimes when found guilty, regardless of their place in the society.  How do you intend to impact the society with your career as a lawyer and with your writings? When anybody picks up a book, from the book title, you can almost tell if the writer is a Nigerian. While novels with plots told in the African way are beautiful, we can also have writers that write beyond the boundaries of Africa. I want my writing to show the world, Nigerians can also write great fantasy novels and paranormal novels. We can also produce a J.K. Rowling or Cassandra Clare. My novels are not the average Nigerian read and I would love to meet other young Nigerians with widely creative minds like mine. I want to be part of a new wave of creative writers than scatter the boundaries of what an African storyline should revolve around. As a lawyer, I intend to help to give a voice to people’s opinions more and encourage them to not be silent when there is a need to speak up. Knowing your rights and enforcing it are two different things. I want my generation to be bold and to be able to take steps that others have run from, solve problems on their own, using their own methods and not wait around for the government or complain about the government’s inadequacy. I think it’s time we grew out of that.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story COVID-19: Increased Number Of Cases, Warning Signal ― Minister
The Federal Ministry of Health says the increasing number of coronavirus infections in the country should be a warning that the fatality rate could rise. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, gave the warning at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country on Thursday in Abuja… Read Full Story COVID-19: Striking Doctors Are Frustrated, Health Minister Admits • Says FG can’t dictate to states
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, admitted that the striking doctors under the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have some things they are really frustrated about. Ehanire, who said he had a frank discussion with the young doctors in his office on Thursday morning over their… Read Full Story COVID-19: FG Takes Measures To Reduce Fatality Rate, Signs Pact With Republic Of Korea
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF), on Thursday, announced measures to limit and reduce the COVID-19 fatality rate, which it said has hit 469 deaths as at Thursday morning. Speaking at the PTF daily briefing, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said the increasing number of cases should be a warning that… Read Full Story FG Moves To Reduce High Rate Of Illegal Gold Mining, Smuggling
In its efforts to minimise the high rate of illegal gold mining and smuggling, the Federal Government, on Thursday, said it is currently creating a gold ecosystem, which would also increase government’s revenue from the resource, create jobs, and improve environmental and social stewardship… Read Full Story Sharif, CNG Leader, Regains Freedom
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has confirmed the release of Nastura Ashir Sharif, its chairman, Board of Trustees on Thursday. Recall that Sharif was arrested on Tuesday afternoon and moved to Abuja shortly after the peaceful protests in Katsina against the killings of helpless and defenceless citizens by bandits… Read Full Story Rapists Will Be Hung To Death In Kaduna ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has assured the people of Kaduna State that no matter what it takes he will sign the law that recommends death penalty by hanging for rapists in the state. This was disclosed by the Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba, in her verified Twitter handle… Read Full Story Kaduna’s Sultan Bello Mosque Resumes Juma’at Prayer Today
SULTAN Bello Mosque, Kaduna, has acquired three disinfectant machines as part of measures to safeguard worshippers from coronavirus infection and help in restoring the mosque to safe and beneficial use for the ummah. The Chief Imam of the mosque, Sheikh Mohammed Suleiman Adam, who made the disclosure in an interview… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Reps And The Media Lockout
REPORTS in the media last week indicated a direct assault on press freedom by the House of Representatives. The assault was carried out at a public hearing on the vexatious Control of Infectious Diseases Bill organised by its joint Committee on Health Services, Health Institutions and Justice… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!