About seven persons have been killed in a ghastly motor accident near Buckie Polytechnic, on the Ogidi-Abatete road, Anambra State. The accident which occurred around 5.20pm on Friday involved a Mercedez 608 bus tipper loaded with sand. Sunday Tribune gathered that the bus was conveying family members in the area to a burial ceremony when it collided with a tipper lorry carrying sand. An eyewitness who put the number of casualties at seven, said the tipper had a tyre burst resulting in the loss of control and subsequently rammed into the Mercedes Benz 608, conveying the passengers. He said, “No fewer than seven persons died on the spot while other passengers sustained some degrees of injuries. “Most of them were members of the same family going for a burial ceremony. “Those that sustained injuries were rushed to a nearby hospital for immediate attention as hope of survival hanged in balance. Confirming the incident, Sector Public Education Officer, Federal Road Safety Commission, Pascal Anigbo, said a total of four persons lost their lives in the incident. He said the corpses had been deposited at the hospital morgue, while the injured are receiving treatment. He said, “At about 5.20pm on Friday, 12 June, 2020, we received a distress call on a fatal Road Traffic Crash (RTC) which occurred at about 5.15pm near Buckie Polytechnic, on the Ogidi-Abatete road. FRSC rescue team from Nteje Unit Command were immediately dispatched to the scene of the crash. “The crash involved a Mercedes Benz 608 with registration number AA205DMA driven by one Ezeugwu Christopher and a Mercedes Benz tipper with enlistment number XD651GDD, driver’s name given as FC Ugwumba. “Casualties involved included seventeen adult males, one female adult and one female child, totalling nineteen. They were all rushed to Twinkle Hospital, Ogidi by members of the community. “Six male adult victims in critical condition were referred to Iyi-Enu Specialist Hospital, Ogidi. Information reaching us after a hospital follow-up today Saturday 13 June, 2020 stated that four have been confirmed dead by doctors at Iyi-Enu Specialist Hospital and their corpses deposited at the hospital morgue.” “The Sector Commander FRSC, Andrew Kumapayi condole with the family of the deceased and wishes the injured victims quick recovery. He strongly warns vehicle owners and drivers against the use of expired or worn-out tyres, particularly now that we are are in rainy season. He equally advises that only brand new tyres should be used in vehicles as most fairly used tyres, popularly called “tokumbo tyres” are expired.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Aisha Buhari Cries Out Over Detained Aides •Asks IGP not to expose them to COVID-19
Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha on Friday cried out that her staff members were being detained by the police. She did not state the reason for the detention of the aides nor the identities of the detainees. The development came amidst online reports that some of the First Lady’s aides had been arrested on the orders… Read full story Police High Command Keep Mute Over Detention Of Aisha Buhari’s Aides
The Police High Command on Friday night kept mute over the alleged detention of aides of the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari in Abuja. The wife of the President had Twitted about the reality of the deadly coronavirus pandemic ravaging the globe and called… Read full story Edo 2020: Obaseki Has Not Joined Us, Says PDP
THE Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has declared that embattled governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki, has not joined its fold. The opposition party’s declaration came on the heels of Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki ahead of the June 22 governorship primary of the APC to produce its candidate for the September election… Read full story Why I Raped Many Minors, 80-Year-Old Woman —32-Year Old Man Who Was Accused Of Raping 40 Women Confesses
Thirty-two-year old Muhammad Zulfarau Alfa, on Friday admitted raping many minors and an 80-year-old woman in Kano. Zulfarau disclosed that he indulged in the act about one year ago, saying it was not meant for any spiritual purpose but to satisfy his sexual desire… Read full story Obasanjo, In His Book, Recommended Secession Clause In The Constitution —Prof. Akintoye
I think the insecurity is intensifying. It is no longer a matter of people coming from the North to attack the South. They are still doing that. They are still coming. Even with the ban on interstate movement, they are still coming. The Federal Government banned interstate travel but these people are still encouraged and assisted… Read full story Intrigues As Battle For Oniru Stool Shifts To Court
ABOUT a week after the installation of new Kabiyesi for Iruland, a land-rich kingdom in Lagos State, the intrigues before and the judicial unrest after are enough to say it is not yet uhuru for the kingdom in search of peace. The age-long adage which says uneasy lies the head that wears the crown aptly describes the reality confronting… Read full story AfDB: External Investigator Will Find Something Adesina Is Not Even Accused Of —Prof. Bolaji Akinyemi
When the African Development Bank was set up, only African nations were shareholders. It was in 1981 or 1982 when Africans themselves, against the advice of [then] President [Shehu] Shagari of Nigeria, amended their Articles of Association to allow non-Africans to become members. President Shagari warned that they… Read full story Wadume: Military Has Refused To Release Its Men For Trial – Malami
Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has disclosed that military authorities were yet to release soldiers involved in the killing of policemen who went to arrest a notorious kidnapper, Wadume in Adamawa State… Read full story Why Nigeria’s North Central Region Can’t Be Renamed “Middle Belt”
A member of the House of Representatives from Benue State by the name of Kpam Sokpo was reported to have sponsored a bill this week titled “Geo-political Zones of the Federation Bill 2020,” which proposes that the North-Central states of Benue, Kogi, Kwara, Nasarawa, Niger, Plateau, and the Federal… Read full story Risk Of New Lockdowns Rises With Fear Of Second COVID-19 Wave
Fears of a second wave of COVID-19 infections shut six major food markets in Beijing on Friday, while India, which opened up this week, recorded a record daily increase and half a dozen US states said their hospital beds were filling up fast. Health officials worldwide have expressed concerns in recent days that some… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!