Residents of Victoria Estate, Okota, Lagos State have called on Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to rescue them from the frequent assault of land grabbers in their community. According to them, land grabbers in Okota community have been making their lives miserable by forcefully ejecting them out of their homes and taking over their property. This, they said, has rendered many of them homeless while others are on the verge of losing their property to them.
Speaking on the nefarious activities of land grabbers in his community, Afolabi Olasanmi said in spite of efforts by the Lagos State Government at curbing excesses of ‘Omo-Onile’ in the State, he said, they have continued to unleash terror on residents and forcefully taking over their property unabated. He said, “It is as if we are in a lawless state, Omo-Onile wields absolute power. They sack residents from their property without any check on their activities. In my case, they came into our property located on Peter Akachukwu Street, wielding sticks and machetes and threatening to hurt anybody that put any resistance and requested I vacate it. “Despite the fact that I have acquired all necessary documents from the Lagos State Government, they seemed less concerned about this. All they were concerned about it is to sell and resell the property to a countless number of people. “We have had enough of their atrocious acts in Okota community which is why we are calling on the Lagos State Government to intervene and put them under check. We cannot be sleeping with one eye opened. We are law-abiding citizens of Lagos State and we deserve to be protected against any form of oppression.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kogi govt distributes facemasks to drivers, market women Another resident, Omolade Adesina alleged that possessing a Certificate of Occupancy to property did not stop the daredevil land grabbers from stealing properties. She said, “On August 28, 2016, we were issued a Certificate of Occupancy by the Lagos State Government but sighting it did not in any way deter the land grabbers as they are bent on stealing and taken possession of our property.
However, with the frequent attacks from them, we petitioned the Lagos State Special Task Force on land grabbers but we are yet to get any meaningful response from them.” Also narrating his ordeal, Cyril Oweifaghawari alleged inefficiency of Lagos State laws on law-grabbing and the Lagos state task force on land grabbers. He stated that there are more than enough laws in Lagos State to confront the menace of land-grabbing noting that “the problem is implementing those laws. When my property was stolen by the Omo-oniles, I had to approach the Lagos High Court to recover it. Graciously, Justice E.I. Alakija gave an order to take possession in 2019 and it was subsequently enforced by Lagos State police command. But shortly after that, land grabbers returned and overpowered us. They drove us out of the property despite the court judgment. This tells you how daring they are. It’s almost two years, the task force has been unable to recover my property from them. I laboured to buy my property. I am therefore appealing to Governor Sanwo-Olu to come to our aid. We want him to intervene and ensure justice is served. They need to stop land-grabbers from sending property owners in Lagos State to an early grave.” Reacting Coordinator, Lagos State Task Force On Land grabbers, Mr Owolabi Arole said his committee has received lots of petition on the activities of land grabbers in Okota community. He however assured property owners of Lagos State Government property noting that “We have gotten loads of petition from residents in Okota community which we have been working on. But for the Coronavirus pandemic, we would have visited the community. I am assuring Lagosians of Lagos state government preparedness to protect them and their property from the grip of land grabbers.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story APC Crisis: Oshiomhole’s Exit Heralds 2023 Battle
As the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains and ordinary faithful watch with bated breath the unfolding power game in the ruling party, there are indications that what is playing out in the battle for the party structures ahead 2023 Presidency… Read Full Story IPPIS Crisis: Varsity Workers Give FG 14-Day Ultimatum
Varsity workers, under the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), have issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel… Read Full Story I Didn’t Order Police CP To Prevent My Deputy From Leaving Govt House ― Akeredolu
Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has dismissed reports claiming that the Commissioner of Police in the state restrained his deputy, Agboola Ajayi, from leaving the Government House based on his directive… Read Full Story Nigerians Will Pay For Electricity If Services Become Satisfactory ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said Nigerians are willing to pay for electricity if the services they receive from the distribution companies are constant and better… Read Full Story Lawyers Task FG To Ratify ILO Convention No. 190 On Violence And Harassment
The International Lawyers Assisting Workers network (ILAW), Nigeria Chapter has called on the Federal Government to speedily ratify the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention No. 190 on Violence and Harassment in the world of work… Read Full Story The Revenue Crisis And The Challenge Of Government
It has become a truth, universally acknowledged, that Nigeria currently faces an unprecedented revenue crisis. A report on the Medium-Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy (MTEF/FSP) recently released by the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget, and National Planning, revealed that during Q1 2020… Read Full Story Now That You Are Young
I am a prince in Oyo State and I grew up in the city of Ibadan before leaving for Lagos State. In the early 80s and 90s, the third-largest city in Africa, Ibadan, had so many young rich men and women, who did not understand what I want to share with you right now. It will help you a great deal, if you will put it into practice. Remember… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!