The senator representing Oyo South senatorial district, Sen. Kola Balogun has described the death of Chief Bode Akindele, a foremost industrialist, as a terrible blow to the younger generation. Balogun said this in a condolence message issued in Ibadan by his media aide, Rotimi Johnson. Balogun, who described the late Akindele as a great man in all ramifications, said he was a patriot and good business mentor to the younger generation. “Chief Bode Akindele was a great businessman and philanthropist. He was a renowned businessman of international repute. He has a conglomerate with arms in many countries. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Reps issue strict guidelines for sitting arrangement “This is yet another terrible blow, but we take solace in the fact that he finished strong and very accomplished at 87 years,” Balogun said. The lawmaker condoled with Akindele’s immediate family, Gov. Seyi Makinde, Olubadan of Ibadan and Oyo State in general. “We pray God gives the family and associates the fortitude to bear the loss and continue from where Baba Akindele stopped,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail
The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the
Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation
As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account
The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG
The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!