West Africa’s leading connectivity and data centre provider, MainOne, has partnered with AWALE, a neutral network operator that provides high speed data transmission capacity via its fiber optic cables installed on the national transport and electricity, to support the Crisis Cell of the Ivorian government in its fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. This measure of solidarity will reinforce the emergency deployment plan of the Ministry of Digital Economy and Postal Services of the country. The joint initiative includes the provision of free connectivity capacity and internet services to strategic state institutions for a period of three months. According to both MainOne and AWALE, this is part of their continuous efforts to support the government’s response plan to COVID-19. MainOne and AWALE are jointly contributing their broadband connectivity infrastructure and ICT services for the delivery of critical online and real-time public services during this challenging period. With civil lockdown, social distancing and remote work patterns becoming the new-normal in Côte D’Ivoire and globally, MainOne and AWALE are determined to ensure the Ivorian Crisis Committee continues to dispense its socio-economic and public security responsibilities through virtual platforms. The enhanced connectivity offering provides the Government’s Crisis Committee with robust access to real-time information management, while seamlessly connecting essential workers across the nation. It is also helping to drive dynamic exchange of scientific findings and access to global knowledge related to control and management of the disease by researchers in Côte D’ivoire, enabling them to collaborate with colleagues around the world and participate in the global fight against the pandemic. While speaking on the impetus for the joint COVID-19 intervention, MainOne’s Regional Executive Director, West Africa, Mr Kazeem Oladepo, explained that, “as an organisation committed to enabling the digital economy of West Africa, MainOne is well aware of the impact of the pandemic on public services, infrastructure and businesses, as well as the economic challenges faced by governments. As a premier provider and responsible Ivorian business, we will continue to support the efforts of governments at every level by providing world-class internet infrastructure and value-added services that reduce cost, drive operational continuity and seamless communication for good governance in Côte D’ivoire. We are proud to partner with AWALE, a subsidiary of the Pan-African Group ERANOVE, who shares our commitment to supporting government efforts to manage the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic across the sub region.” Expressing similar sentiments, Mr Daniel Sampah, Founder and Managing Director of AWALE, added that, “AWALE appreciates the efforts of the Ivorian Sate in deploying an effective response plan to COVID-19 disease. We are honored to support the CIV’s actions by making available to Operators and Internet Service Providers, our carrier-neutral network entirely based on fiber optics. Our partnership with MainOne will enable the provision of quality connectivity infrastructure to the Governments’ Crisis Committee and thus minimizes the impact of the COVID-19 on activities in the country.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story Growing Hunger Amidst COVID-19-Induced Inflation, Fallen Income In Nigeria
James Oghene, a middle-aged man with two kids is a chef in one of the popular fast foods based in Surulere Lagos. Every day, Mr Oghene spends an average of N1,000 from his Ejigbo residence to and from work, but since February, he has not received a salary. Neighbours are already gossiping about his wife’s weight loss due to… Read full story 2020 UTME: JAMB Holds Policy Meeting On Cut-Off Point June 16 • Says candidates can now print their result notification
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has scheduled to hold the 2020 policy meeting on June 16, 2020, to determine cut-off points for admissions into all tertiary institutions in the country. Tribune Online reports that the Policy Meeting is to be chaired by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu with… Read full story The Making Of Great Companies
No company ever starts out with the intention of failing. Every company hopes to become so great and successful that not only will it yield heart-warming returns to its owners, but will also become a standard for others. But neither greatness nor success responds to wishes; they are a result of doing what is right consistently… Read full story 7 Important Tips For New Leaders
As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place… Read full story Success Of Nigerian Troops, Product Of Buhari’s Knowledge Of War ― Tsav
Recent series of successes recorded by the Nigerian Armed Forces in the fight against terrorism and insurgency have been made possible by President Muhammadu Buhari’s deep knowledge and experience in asymmetric warfare, former Lagos State commissioner of police, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav has said… Read full story Lagos Govt Tasks Supreme Court On Legality Of Virtual Court Hearings
The Lagos State Government has tasked the Supreme Court on the constitutionality of virtual court hearings. Tribune Online reports that Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) and the National Assembly are the respondents in the suit… Read full story Appeal Court President: Buhari Not A Rubber Stamp, Says Presidency
The presidency has dismissed pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Justice Monica S. Dongban-Mensem as President of the Court of Appeal, saying that the president cannot be a rubber stamp in making judicial and other appointments… Read full story There Are Moles In My Government, Umahi Says
Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has openly acknowledged the existence of moles in his government but insisted that his administration had nothing to hide. Tribune Online reports that Umahi’s position is contained in a social media comment posted on Sunday… Read full story Kaduna Disowns Document In Circulation, Says Lockdown Remains
The Kaduna State Government has disowned a document that has been making the rounds, stating that the Quarantine Law has been reviewed and that a 12-hour lockdown is now in place. The fake document claimed that the lockdown is now from 6pm to 6am, and that interstate travel remains banned… Read full story The Killing Of George Floyd
THE death of George Floyd, a 46-year-old African-American in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, in the hands of a team of four white police officers has yet again left dark clouds around the issues of racial equality and justice on the one hand, and concerns about racially charged police brutality and justice in the United States… Read full story