A postgraduate student of the University of Ibadan, Azeezat Shomuyiwa, was on Friday morning  murdered in her room by yet-to-be-identified people. The Students Union of the university confirmed the death of the lady while disclosing that contrary to reports, she was not raped but was hit with heavy stone. Shomuyiwa, according to the Students Union, was a postgraduate student of the Department of Social Work in the Faculty of Education of the University and was said to be pregnant at the time she was killed. In fact, on her Facebook wall, she commented over the rape and murder of the student of the Institute of Agriculture, Moore Plantation, with her displaying the lady’s picture. According to a statement by Akeju G. Olusegun President, University of Ibadan Students’ Union and Oladeji Olawunmi Abiodun, Public Relations Officer of the union, they have reported the matter to the police who have commenced investigation. According to the statement, “The news of the death of our student from the Post Graduate School, Shomuyiwa Azeezat, was going around early this morning. She was a student of Social work department, Faculty of Education. “On a visit to the deceased residence this afternoon by the Students’ Union leaders, it was confirmed by neighbours that she was hit with heavy stone on the head and no confirmation of any incidence of rape. However, investigations are on already by the Nigerian Police force, Oyo State command. The Commissioner of Police in the state also paid a visit to the venue of the incident. “It was also confirmed that the deceased was seven months pregnant. “The executives of National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) were also present at the residence of the deceased to join hands with the Students’ Union to demand justice for Shomuyiwa Azeezat. “We hope the perpetrators of this evil act are brought to book as soon as possible as we demand justice for Azeezat.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story