As Nigeria joins the rest of the world to celebrate International Widows’ Day, the Wife of the Ondo State Governor, Betty Anyanwu- Akeredolu, has assured widows in the state that her husband’s administration is committed to giving them a better livelihood and ensuring they benefit from other dividends of democracy. She stated this in Akure during this year’s commemoration of the International Widows Day, celebrated every June 23, to create global awareness about the violation of widows’ rights in many countries. While calling on every stakeholder, particularly women advocate groups to support and defend widows and their dependents in their domains, Mrs Akeredolu described widow’s pain as unique and volatile, stressing that they must be encouraged and motivated in all ramifications. She empathised with the widows and described the plights of some of them as palpable, adding that plans have been concluded by Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu to give out incentives and other needs that could help them experience a great relief during this period of the pandemic. According to her, this distribution would commence from Akure south and reach widows in every local government areas of Ondo State. She further stated that the present administration prioritises their needs and would continue to put in place measures to make life devoid of grief and more meaningful for them. She also re-emphasized that the data of widows available to the government through the Office of the First Lady is necessary to enable the government plan, manage an even distribution of resources to the widows in the State. Mrs Akeredolu urged the widows to be courageous and not be physically and emotionally exhausted by their griefs, adding that the government will not relent in protecting their rights. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.