WHILE Nigerians were still reeling in shock over the case of Vera Omozuwa, a year-one student of Microbiology at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Edo State, who was raped and then bludgeoned to death by her assailants with a fire extinguisher while studying at the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Benin, their sensibilities were again assaulted by yet another barbaric incident. On Monday, June 1, Barakat Bello, an 18-year-old, was raped and brutally killed in Akinyele Kara Market area along old Oyo-Ibadan road, Ibadan. It fell to her father, Mr. Bello Kasimu’s lot to narrate to the police how the life of his daughter, Barakat, was cut short by the mindless criminals who raped and later macheted her to death. Barakat, a student of the Department of Science Laboratory Technology (SLT), Federal College of Animal Health and Production, Ibadan, was home alone on that fateful day while her parents had gone in search of daily bread. Her only sibling, Abdulazeez, had gone to a Quranic school for lessons. According to an account, the hoodlums who had already stolen some items from the house were on their way out when they were accosted by Barakat who had gone to fetch water to take her bath. By another account, they found her bathing in the bathroom located in the backyard of the yet-to-be completed building and then hit on the idea of raping and killing her. Her body was discovered by Abdulazeez on his return home from his Quranic school. Curious about the lack of a response after repeatedly calling out her name, Abdulazeez went to the backyard, only to discover her lying in a pool of blood with different marks on her body. He then ran out, screaming for help. It is indeed unfortunate that Nigerian women have suddenly become an endangered species and there seems to be no pattern to the mindless killings that follow the recent rapes. While the nation was still agonizing over Barakat, another sad report filtered through, this time  from Ogun State: a septuagenarian was allegedly raped by a 25-year-old, one Wasiu Bankole, while sleeping in her own home. Luckily, this time round, the assailant was caught in the act by a neighbour who responded to the old woman’s cry for help, and has been taken into police custody. To say the least, Barakat’s tragic story has compounded the agony of an already traumatized nation. The Presidency and the legislature have joined in the call for a thorough investigation into the deaths of Vera Omozuwa and Barakat Bello. Priority must be given to the investigation of these mindless killings; the culprits must not escape justice. If they do, it will only further embolden those who commit these grievous crimes either for demonic rituals or sadistic pleasure. It  is certainly unfortunate that most rape cases get truncated in the process of prosecution when financial inducement or some primordial sentiments are brought into play. Instructively, in the instant case, according to Gbenga Fadeyi, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Oyo State, the teenager was buried without any formal report made to the police until two days later. The failure to quickly file a formal complaint could be as a result of the loss of confidence in the police. This should be seen as a challenge by the police hierarchy. It must do everything humanly possible to win back public trust and confidence. Sometimes, critics justify rape, blaming the victims for tempting the criminals by their seductive dressing. But Barakat’s death has put paid to this lie. She was a thoroughbred Muslim lady, as signified by her dressing in the photographs freely circulated in the media, and there was nothing that could have justified her rape. Besides, the maladjusted minds of these rapists provides ample evidence that they lack proper upbringing. As we have noted time and again, family values have collapsed in the country and this should be a cause for concern by the government, faith leaders and parents. Modern living, aided by technology, seems to have deprived many young males of the chivalry in which their gender thrived in times of yore. Their misdirected energy needs to be re-channeled in ways that will be useful to humanity. The local, state and federal governments must rise up to the challenge of productively engaging the youths, especially through sports and the vocations. The society owes it to itself to educate its youths in order to ensure they do not self-annihilate. If an unduly large percentage of the country’s youths end up in correctional centres or are awaiting their dates with the hangman, who then will propel its future? We call on the police to do a thorough and painstaking job in this case. Barakat’s murder must not be added to the long list of the country’s unresolved murders. We sympathise with her family and friends and hope that they get all the moral support that they need at these trying times. May her soul rest in sweet repose.       YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story Growing Hunger Amidst COVID-19-Induced Inflation, Fallen Income In Nigeria
James Oghene, a middle-aged man with two kids is a chef in one of the popular fast foods based in Surulere Lagos. Every day, Mr Oghene spends an average of N1,000 from his Ejigbo residence to and from work, but since February, he has not received a salary. Neighbours are already gossiping about his wife’s weight loss due to… Read full story 2020 UTME: JAMB Holds Policy Meeting On Cut-Off Point June 16 • Says candidates can now print their result notification
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has scheduled to hold the 2020 policy meeting on June 16, 2020, to determine cut-off points for admissions into all tertiary institutions in the country. Tribune Online reports that the Policy Meeting is to be chaired by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu with… Read full story The Making Of Great Companies
No company ever starts out with the intention of failing. Every company hopes to become so great and successful that not only will it yield heart-warming returns to its owners, but will also become a standard for others. But neither greatness nor success responds to wishes; they are a result of doing what is right consistently… Read full story 7 Important Tips For New Leaders
As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place… Read full story Success Of Nigerian Troops, Product Of Buhari’s Knowledge Of War ― Tsav
Recent series of successes recorded by the Nigerian Armed Forces in the fight against terrorism and insurgency have been made possible by President Muhammadu Buhari’s deep knowledge and experience in asymmetric warfare, former Lagos State commissioner of police, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav has said… Read full story Lagos Govt Tasks Supreme Court On Legality Of Virtual Court Hearings
The Lagos State Government has tasked the Supreme Court on the constitutionality of virtual court hearings. Tribune Online reports that Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) and the National Assembly are the respondents in the suit… Read full story Appeal Court President: Buhari Not A Rubber Stamp, Says Presidency
The presidency has dismissed pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Justice Monica S. Dongban-Mensem as President of the Court of Appeal, saying that the president cannot be a rubber stamp in making judicial and other appointments… Read full story There Are Moles In My Government, Umahi Says
Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has openly acknowledged the existence of moles in his government but insisted that his administration had nothing to hide. Tribune Online reports that Umahi’s position is contained in a social media comment posted on Sunday… Read full story Kaduna Disowns Document In Circulation, Says Lockdown Remains
The Kaduna State Government has disowned a document that has been making the rounds, stating that the Quarantine Law has been reviewed and that a 12-hour lockdown is now in place. The fake document claimed that the lockdown is now from 6pm to 6am, and that interstate travel remains banned… Read full story The Killing Of George Floyd
THE death of George Floyd, a 46-year-old African-American in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, in the hands of a team of four white police officers has yet again left dark clouds around the issues of racial equality and justice on the one hand, and concerns about racially charged police brutality and justice in the United States… Read full story