The Lagos State police command has arrested 179 people, who allegedly violated the interstate movement restriction in the state. The police in the state also impounded 43 commercial buses and also arrested their drivers. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the arrest and impoundment in a statement signed by him on Monday and made available to Tribune Online. According to Elkana, “The violators were arrested on 28/06/2020 and 29/06/2020 in various interstate checkpoints and motor parks in Lagos State.” “Among those arrested are 43 commercial bus drivers conveying the arrested passengers to Abuja, Kogi, Abia, among others. 43 vehicles were impounded.” He also stated that; “The suspects were arraigned in Lagos State Special Offences (Mobile) Court and were sentenced accordingly. The Commissioner of Police Lagos State Command, CP Hakeem Odumosu, warned commercial vehicle operators and motor parks against violating interstates movement restriction orders. The police also warned that “Passengers are also warned against non-essential interstates travel.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets
It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours
No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque
Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!