The ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government has endorsed Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala for the position of Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) from 2021 to 2025. This was made known in a statement signed by President Mahamodu Issoufou, Chairman of the Authority and made available by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Monday in Abuja. Issoufou stated that the ECOWAS Presidents endorsed Okonjo-Iweala for the position following her established reputation as a fearless reformer, the managerial experience of multilateral institutions and excellent political skills. He stated that the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government also calls on other African countries as well as non-African countries to endorse her candidature. “The ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government takes note of the communication of the Chairman of the General Council of the WTO. “Announcing the commencement of a process for the appointment of a new Director-General of WTO, with the opening and closing dates of nominations set as June 8, and July 8, 2020, respectively. “Since the creation of the WTO on Jan. 1, 1995, which is a successor to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) established on Jan. 1, 1948, no African has assumed the position of Director-General of the Organization. “The Federal Republic of Nigeria has formally nominated Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala for the position of Director-General of WTO for the period 2021 to 2025. “The ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government endorsed the Candidate of Nigeria having acknowledged her long years of managerial experience at the top echelons of multilateral institutions. “Her established reputation as a fearless reformer, her excellent negotiating and political skills, her experience of over 30 years as a Development Economist with a long-standing interest in trade. “Her excellent academic qualifications, her positions as Managing Director World Bank, and currently as Board Chair Gavi, and AU Special Envoy to Mobilise Financial Resources for the fight against COVID-19,” he stated. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!