The management of Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) has finalised plans to commence the implementation of the revised electricity tariff from July 1, 2020, promising that the increment would boost power supply and efficiency. This was contained in a statement signed and issued by Comrade Ibrahim Sani Shawai, Head, Corporate Communications, KEDCO, a copy of which was made available to newsmen on Saturday. His words: “According to the Management, the new initiative will guarantee quality services, improve power supply, availability and reliability across Kano franchise areas. “The services-reflective tariff is based on guaranteed hours of power supply that will eventually deliver higher hours of quality service delivery and will ensure that all our customers get maximum satisfaction from KEDCO. “Similarly, those currently enjoying higher hours of supply are expected to pay more, however, commensurate with the hours of supply. With the new initiative, customers would be categorized into five bands based on clusters as stated below: Service band A: customers that are expected to enjoy 20 hours minimum and maximum of 24 hours supply; Service band B: customers that are expected to enjoy 16 hours minimum and maximum of 20 hours supply; Service band C: customers that are expected to enjoy 12 hours minimum and maximum of 16 hours supply; Service band D: customers that are expected to enjoy eight hours minimum and maximum of 12 hours supply and Service band E: customers that are expected to enjoy four hours minimum and maximum of eight hours supply. “It should be noted that the actual tariff categorisation is not yet approved by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) as these proposals are before NERC and as soon as approvals are given, we will relate same to our customers.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.