An Ile-Ife Magistrates’ Court in Osun, on Monday, remanded three men over alleged N5.6 million fraud. The defendants are: Gbadegesin Omidiora (64); Olayiwola Adewole, (66) and Jelili Oladejo (35). They are facing a three-count charge of conspiracy, fraud and stealing. The Prosecutor, Insp Abdullahi Emmanuel, told the court that the defendants committed the offences sometimes in 2018 at Oloruntele Quarters, Owoeye Street, Ondo Road in Ile-Ife. Emmanuel said that the defendants collected the sum of N5.6 million from the complainant, Adekunle Obawole, under the pretence of helping him to secure 30 acres of land. He said that the defendants did not secure the land and failed to return the money to the complainant. The defendants, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The defence counsel, Mr Samuel Obi, applied for the bail of the defendants in most liberal terms. Obi pledged that his clients would not jump bail, but would provide reliable sureties. Magistrate Muhibah Olatunji, however, declined the bail application of the defendants, Olatunji ordered that the defendants should be remanded at Aganhun Divisional Police Station, Ile-Ife. The magistrate then adjourned the case until June 23 for ruling on the defendants’ bail application. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!