Pastor Joseph Osagiede, Publicity Secretary, All Progressives Congress (APC), Edo State, speaks on issues surrounding the party’s fortunes ahead of the primary election scheduled for June 22, 2020 and how the rift between the APC national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and Governor Godwin Obaseki can affect the party in the forthcoming governorship election. Excerpts:  THERE seems to be a lot of uncertainties in the Edo APC. What is the true position of things in the party? There is really no major crisis in the party. We just have a man at the helm of affairs at the national level that is power drunk and irrational in his thinking. I say this with every sense of respect to his position.  What informed the choice of indirect primaries by the APC in Edo? We are very mindful of the health and wellbeing of our people, knowing that the office of the governor is not worth the blood of any Edolite. As a party, we have been very worried about the community spread of COVID -19. When the pandemic started, we had people who were importing the virus from outside Edo State and all efforts that were put in place by the state government were to curtail the movement of these people and the further spread of the virus. But now, we have the problem of community spread of the virus, which is even more serious. To curtail this spread, we followed the constitutional provision and laws laid down by the National Executive Committee (NEC) of our party, which clearly notes that through the State Executive Committee (SEC), states should choose their preferred mode of primary and indicate same to the National Working Committee (NWC) in writing. In APC, the system flows from down to up and not from up to down; hence we wrote to the NWC that to avoid the dangers of community spread of COVID-19, we would rather prefer to use indirect mode of primaries.  What are the significant differences between the direct and indirect modes of primary? I want to tell you that party primaries are not peaceful contestations and should not be construed as a get-together; it is a fierce battle of who owns the land and the party. We know that that there are some wards in Oredo that have over 60,000 card-carrying members, while some in my own Orhionmwon are with over 35,000 members. Also, some wards in Etsako and Owan have over 40,000 members respectively. So, it is laughable to hear some unscrupulous individuals try to misinform the people that only 120,000 party members will come out for the primary. Are they saying that these 120,000 persons make up the number of APC members in the 192 wards of Edo State? That’s totally false. By direct primaries, we expect that a minimum of 600,000 persons will be out on that day and if you spread that number in 192 polling points for such a high-wire exercise, there is bound to be lots of physical contacts, acrimony and likely fisticuffs. Hence, we can’t guarantee that there will be no community spread of the virus during such an exercise. This is as opposed to our own position, the indirect primary, which allows delegates that were elected in the party’s last congress come together at the Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium to elect aspirants for the party. These persons put together are less than 4,000 and are from all the wards and units in Edo. The plan is to bring these persons to the stadium, run temperature tests for all delegates, allow them cast their ballot and exit, while ensuring strict compliance with the compulsory use of facemasks and other precautionary measures, including social distancing, hand washing and the use of sanitisers, under very hygienic conditions, after which there will proper fumigation/sanitisation of the facility. But because they know that this mode of election doesn’t give room for rigging, falsification, and manipulation, they are kicking against it. We have since gone past that level of politicking in Nigeria.  In the light of the recent court order restraining the APC from conducting primary in Edo, what options are available for the party? The government has clearly indicated its preference for an indirect mode of primary in Edo State. Going forward, the government has also gazetted a law prohibiting the gathering of more than 20 persons for political reasons anywhere in Edo State outside the Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium. The opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in compliance with the gazette, wrote to the government to be granted access to use the stadium for their own primaries and it has been so granted. So if the opposition can comport itself and abide by the law, why should the National Chairman of the ruling party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, in his radical calculation, think that he can boycott the laws of the land, override the governor and the laws of Edo State and do what he wants. Nigeria is not a banana republic. Edo is no banana state.  We hear that the APC secretariat in Edo has been relocated by the national chairman. Does he have the constitutional powers to do so? There is no way the Edo APC secretariat will be relocated by the national chairman. He has no locus standi to do so. Our constitution states clearly in Article 8, from the first volume, that the National Secretariat will locate a place for itself and inform the National Executive Committee of a Secretariat that they intend to use. Likewise, the State Executive Committee will locate a Secretariat for itself and inform the National Executive Committee. Nothing concerns National Working Committee (NWC) in the process.  But today Oshiomhole has written to DSS [Department of State Security] and police to say that the party has relocated. What concerns him with the movement of state’s APC secretariat? Absolutely nothing. Is he a member of the State Executive Committee? No. Does he have powers to write such letters? No. He has no right whatsoever to write such letter. So you can see that it is a deliberate plot to create anarchy and confusion in the state and make the authorities consider calling for a state of emergency in Edo. That’s his game plan. In fact, that is anti-party activity for which the National Executive Committee should meet and expel him from the party. Let me reiterate that we have not indicated any intention to relocate our secretariat. Our secretariat remains at No. 59, Airport Road, Benin City. Our party chairman remains intact, Governor Obaseki remains the leader of the party in the state and the State Executive Committee remains intact. Really, we don’t know what he fighting for if not his selfish interest.  Are you not worried Edo could go the Zamfara and Rivers way as a result of the rift between the governor and national chairman? In every state where we have had problems, it has always been Oshiomhole versus that state, not that those states had problems that they couldn’t resolve. But the problem was Oshiomhole. In Zamfara, it was Oshiomhole and the APC, same in Sokoto, Bayelsa, Imo and Edo. How would you as national chairman create a faction in your own state? He started fanning the embers of discord by creating a faction and now he is creating an office for that faction. Is Oshiomhole now going to call those dissidents members of the APC and say that the governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, the state party chairman, Anselm Ojezua, and other members of the State Executive Committee are no longer in Edo APC? We have since discovered that Oshiomhole is doing what he is doing to APC deliberately. Here is a man who was handed over 26 states about two and a half years ago from his predecessor. As of today, he has lost six and the way he is going, he is at the point of losing Edo to the opposition.  Anyway, he doesn’t mind if APC losses the election. In fact, that is his main goal. But we won’t allow him.  Why is the Edo APC so confident in the candidacy of Obaseki despite frantic efforts by those against his second term ambition to stop him? If Oshiomhole himself doesn’t think Governor Obaseki will win, he won’t be fighting this much. He knows that the man has won the hearts of over 99 per cent of Edolites. Oshiomhole knows that Obaseki has worked even beyond his own imagination and beyond the expectations of Edo people. He knows the man can’t be accused of corruption, negligence, or being parochial and sectional in his developmental strides. He knows Obaseki is not tribalistic or nepotistic. Oshiomhole knows that the incumbent governor is upright and articulate. What the former union leader has succeeded in doing is to tell the world that the common wealth of Edo people should be shared among a few persons in the state. He is making us believe that he is bringing someone who will share the Edo’s resources amongst a minute few of the state’s population rather than someone who would use these funds to work for the good of all Edolites. Unfortunately for him, we have gone past such a stage in our politics where an intangible fraction of Edolites will hold on to the resources of the state to the detriment of the entire state.  What are the expectations from the party in the coming days? I think there’s going to be serious intervention from either the Presidency or the court of law that will put to rest Oshiomhole’s destructive method of politicking. I believe that he will be stopped. Otherwise, we should all bid farewell to the APC in Edo State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING President Buhari’s Full Democracy Day Speech
Fellow Nigerians,The 2020 celebration of Democracy Day marks 21 years of uninterrupted civil administration in our dear country. This day provides us an opportunity to reflect on our journey as a nation, our achievements and struggles.
It is a day to honour our founding fathers who toiled to establish our republic and every Nigerian who has worked tirelessly to sustain it… Read full story Democracy Day: NADECO lists 12 conditions to unity, peace •Insists on return to federalism
TWENTY-ONE years after it led the struggle that culminated in the restoration of civil rule, the National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) on Thursday declared that Nigeria remained in dire straits. Accordingly, it listed about 12 fundamental conditions, including a return to federalism, coupled with the convocation… Read full story Governance: Our best not good enough since 1999 —Atiku
EFFORTS by Nigerian leaders to govern the country rightly since 1999 have not been “good enough to improve on the lives of the citizenry and grow the nation in all facets of development needs,” former vice president, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has said… Read full story ASUU Challenges FG To Provide Proofs It Saved Money Through IPPIS
The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has again challenged the Federal Government to present to the public a verifiable proof that it has saved huge amounts of money through its newly introduced Integrated Personnel and Payroll Information System (IPPIS) for workers… Read full story Reps Increase 2020 Budget From N10.805trn To N10.810trn
The House of Representatives on Thursday passed a resolution to increase the revised 2020 budget from N10.806 trillion to N10.810 trillion. The resolution was passed after the adoption of a debate on the motion sponsored by the chairman, House Committee on Finance, Hon Abiodun Faleke, who underscored… Read full story COVID-19: Reject Patients, Have Your License Withdrawn, FG Threatens Medical Doctors
The Federal Government on Thursday threatened to withdraw licenses of medical doctors who deliberately reject and turn back patients from their hospital without attending to them or offering necessary advice on what to do. Describing it as unethical and unacceptable, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, while speaking… Read full story Reopen Schools For SS3 Students First, Proprietor Tells FG, WAEC
A school administrator and principal of Adesina College, Ibadan, Mr Adejare Adesina, has advised the Federal Government to liaise with the West African Examination Council (WAEC) and other West African countries that subscribe to the council’s examinations to reopen schools for all the Senior… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdowns Deny 500m Children Access To Education ― IMF
Over 500 million children all over the world have lost access to education as a result of the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said on Thursday. The IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva, said in a statement that “More than half a billion children worldwide have… Read full story Nigeria Is 3rd Worst Country On Child Marriage Index
United Nations Children Fund (UNICEF) has said that with a figure of 3.5 million, Nigeria has the third-highest absolute number of child brides in the world and the 11th highest prevalence rate of child marriage globally. Tribune Online reports that only Bangladesh with 4.4 million and India with 15.5 million child brides are… Read full story Anxiety Over More Deaths, Rising Cases Of COVID-19 In Nigeria
THE geometric rise in the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 and the increasing casualties arising from the infection have continued to raise concerns among Nigerians. The deadly virus is still running riot despite concerted efforts to curtail it, crippling many facets of the economy as it passes the first 100 days of… Read full story Senate Threatens To Issue Warrant Of Arrest On Heads Of MDAs
The Senate has threatened to issue warrants of arrest on some ministries department and agencies of government over failure to appear before it and respond to queries by the Auditor General of the Federation. Tribune Online reports that the threat follows the refusal of the agencies of government to honour the invitation of… Read full story June 12: A Milestone For Democracy – Tinubu
The election of June 12th 1993 changed Nigeria profoundly. That it would have this deep and positive effect was not always certain. Many people laboured, struggled and sacrificed for democracy. They fought not that we would have democracy day but that Nigeria might exist as a democracy every day. When I say democracy… Read full story EDITORIAL: Defence Minister’s Lamentation
THE Minister of Defence, Bashir Magashi, has lamented that Nigeria’s military is too understaffed and underfunded to tackle the various security challenges facing the country. He made this lamentation while briefing journalists after a Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting where he said he had made a presentation on… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!