The governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, has reassured the citizens of the state of his commitment to ensuring the security of lives and properties of the residents of the state. He stated this while receiving 17 indigenes of the state rescued by the Armed Force from abductors in neighbouring Zamfara, from a delegation from Zamfara State in Sokoto Government house. He commended the government of Zamfara State and the Armed Forces for their efforts in the rescue of the victims from kidnappers. Tambuwal expressed happiness that the victims were found in good health after they were examined by the medical personnel of Government House, Sokoto. He said Government is doing its best in ensuring the protection of lives and properties of its citizenry. The Governor appealed to people of the state and elsewhere to continue to extend hands of support to security agencies working in the state to enable them to play their roles in securing areas where bandits operate. Earlier in his address, the state commissioner of careers and security matters, Col Garba Moyi (rtd), said the rescued victims were all indigenes of the state explaining that 16 of them hail from Tureta local government while one is from Rabah local government in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!