The Federal Ministry of Youths and Sports Development has trained 7,000 youths in the IBM Digital Skill Training Programme in its bid to address youth unemployment in the country. The Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on the outcome of the Federal Executive Council’s virtual meeting. The meeting was chaired by President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja on Wednesday “The one that we have started, which really gladdens our hearts at the ministry, which is part of our success story, is the IBM Digital Skill Training. “As soon as COVID-19 happened, we decided to migrate from an offline platform to an online e-learning platform “And within three months, with IBM partnership, we have been able to train 7,000 youths. Most of them have received IBM certifications which they can use to work anywhere in the world. “Right now, over 9,000 youths have registered. Some are halfway through their training and that is ongoing,’’ Dare said. ALSO READ: TETFund to provide 200,000-bed spaces in Nigeria’s tertiary institutions “So, I think youth development in our country and under the ministry of youth and sports development is on a new trajectory and the one that we are looking forward to is the 100 million AfDB Support for the DEEL Programme.’’ On sports development, the minister stated that sports was no longer classified as a recreation but a profitable economic activity. According to him, the ministry has committedly worked to turn sports into an economic industry, where the country can generate billion of revenues. “We realised when we came on bound that the National Bureau of Statistics still classified sports as a recreation. “And when you look around from South Africa to Brazil even to Jamaica, sports are classified as a business. It is an economic activity. “When you look at global statistics it’s a 1.33 trillion dollars industry. When you look at the United Kingdom, it is a 43 billion dollar industry annually. In America, it is 41 billion dollars annually, etc. “It is only this country that classifies sports as `play – play’ or recreation.’’ Dare added. The minister stated that the ministry had signed Memoranda of Understanding with relevant organisations and held various inter-ministerial meetings with the sole aim of moving sports as an industry from a mere concept to pure economic action. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say were locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.