The Conference of Nigerian Political Parties, has called the attention of the Kogi state governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello to Ganaja/ Ajaokuta road. The chairman, Ibrahim Itodo in a press statement issued on Tuesday said that Ganaja/Ajaokuta road is now a death trap to motorists and other users in Kogi state. He stressed that the road links in Kogi and south-south states made the road a very busy road in the state. According to him, the road was constructed by the former governor of the state, late Prince Abubakar Audu and it was rehabilitated by Alhaji Ibrahim Idris when he took over as governor of the state. ALSO READ: Save us from land grabbers, residents cry out to Lagos govt He lamented that after the exit of the two administration, the subsequent government has turned deaf ears to the plight of people on the road. He stressed that during the raining season the road is always flooded anytime river Niger overflow it’s bank as he called for urgent intervention before flood will take over the road. He, therefore, appealed to the governor to take a look at the rate of damage on that road as a portion of the road is no longer passable. ” Our worry is not only for the residents in the state but what passer/ byers are saying concerning the administration of our amiable Governor Alhaji Yahaya Bello whose mandate in his second term premised on the people’s oriented governance. “We plead to the governor and his team to quickly fix the portion of the Ganaja/Ajaokuta road to redeem the image of this administration,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!