There was confusion at the weekend over reprieve granted the ousted national chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole who had been suspended by his Ward 10, Etsako West local government of Edo State. The Appeal Court last week upheld the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole based on his earlier suspension by his ward. But certain chieftains of the party who claimed to be the APC ward executives from his Etsako ward stormed Abuja on Saturday and announced that the suspension has been lifted. Announcing the reversal of the suspension order, Secretary of the ward, Emuakemeh Sule, said 17 out of the 27 members of the executive took the resolution to lift the suspension. But Sule and his group’s pronouncement was countered by the chairman of the ward, Mr Oshawo Stephen, who announced that the suspension has not been reversed. Stephen, who declared in a statement that his executive which was inaugurated in 2018 was still in place, alerted the party faithful that the reprieve allegedly granted Oshiomhole was a charade. He said: “The suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole by the ward executives remains valid. The statement to the contrary in the media is false and should be disregarded. We stand by our decision and have no reservation on the action as it is in the best interest of the party. “The ward executives, as well as our counterparts at the Etsako West Local Government level, stand by the suspension of Comrade Oshiomhole for his divisive role in the crisis rocking the APC in Edo State.” Speaking earlier while receiving the group led by Emuakemeh Sule, the national vice chairman South-South of the party, Hillard Eta, who represented Senator Abiola Ajimobi, thanked the team for their action. “We have received the resolution of Etsako West Ward 10 as has been read out by the secretary of that ward. “Let me say that 17 out of 27 members have signed this resolution. Let me also say that in matters of this nature, our constitution provides for only a simple majority and 17 out of 27 is indeed more than a simple majority. So, we want to use this opportunity to thank Etsako West Ward 10 for what they have done. History will be on your side. “I am also in receipt of the acceptance and ratification of that resolution by the Etsako West LGA executive dated the 9th of June 2020 and signed by the chairman, Alhaji Abubakar Akokia and the secretary, Hon Dauda Ahmed. “I am also in receipt of further ratification by the state executive committee of the APC in Edo State signed by Col David Imuse (retd), the acting state chairman and Lawrence O. Oka, state secretary,” Eta said. The national vice chairman, South-South also announced, Worgu Bom, whom he claimed to be a replacement from Rivers State chapter of the party for Victor Giadom, the deputy national secretary who has since proclaimed himself as acting national chairman based on a court judgment. Eta further claimed that Victor Giadom has ceased to be a member of the APC NWC. “You are aware that on Friday, a competent court of jurisdiction declared Chief Victor Giadom as not being a member of the National Working Committee (NWC) and should never parade himself as such. “Even before then, there was a resolution by the NWC asking the South-South zone of the party which I head to transmit a name for his replacement or filling of the vacancy made possible by his resignation to contest as the deputy governorship candidate of our party in Rivers State. “I want to announce to the world that I am in receipt of the name of a distinguished member of this party from Rivers State to the zone for ratification in the person of Worgu Boms, a former attorney general of Rivers State. His name has been transmitted to my good office and I want to announce that in the earliest time possible, the South-South zonal executive committee will meet and ratify that name and send same to the NWC of our great party.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story Gender-Based Violence, Rape Dent On Our Collective Humanity, Dignity —Osinbajo
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo says gender-based violence, rape and sexual assaults are blemishes on the collective humanity and dignity of Nigerians as a people and a nation. Osinbajo expressed his displeasure on Friday in Abuja while addressing a virtual meeting of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), on the… Read Full Story Domestic Violence Called Verbal Abuse In Marriage
LET me open this write up with this extract from a post I got through an elderly man on a WhatsApp platform last week. It is the provoking thought for this write up. “Everybody is hung up on domestic abuse by men against women. Nobody spares a moment to find solutions to the equally devastating verbal abuse men suffer… Read Full Story Bauchi Denies ICPC Claim Of Seized Land Linked To Governor Bala Mohammed
Bauchi State Government has described as baseless and untrue as well as total falsehood the recent publication by ICPC that it has uncovered and seized a plot of land in Abuja linked to Governor Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir. In a statement by Mukhtar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the… Read Full Story CNG Suspends Planned Protests In Other Northern States
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has said it has suspended its planned protests in other states slated for Saturday. In a statement issued by CNG image-maker, Abdul-azeez Suleiman remarked that having consulted widely and recounting the gains gathered during the protest in Katsina and Niger… Read Full Story PDP Shifts Edo Primary Till Thursday, June 25
As the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has granted a waiver to Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki to contest the Edo governorship election primary on a new date of June 25 two days later than it has earlier announced… Read Full Story Honour All Agreements, Saraki Appeals To PDP Stakeholders
Immediate past President of the Senate Olusola Saraki on Friday enjoined party leaders and all stakeholders who played one role or the other in wooing Obaseki to the Peoples Democratic Party to thread the path of honour and stick to agreements… Read Full Story Eye Exams For Babies: Why They’re Important
FOR Iveren, after a very long wait to conceive, gave birth prematurely to baby Precious. Unfortunately, because she refused to have Precious examined soon during the critical four weeks after birth, owing to ignorance, Precious subsequently became blind from Retinopathy of Prematurity… Read Full Story WHO Accepts Nigeria’s Wild Polio Virus Free Documentation
The proposed certification of Nigeria as a polio-free country in August this year is gradually becoming a reality. The indication was given by the Chairman of the African Regional Commission for Certification of Polio Eradication (ARCC), an organ of the World Health Organization (WHO), Professor Rose Leke, in a meeting with… Read Full Story Backstory Behind Aisha Buhari’s Gunfight
By now, most people have read the story of the scuffle that occurred between Mrs. Aisha Buhari, her children, and her security aides on one hand and Sabi’u “Tunde” Yusuf, son of Buhari’s niece who also works as his private secretary, on the other hand, which caused Aisha’s ADC to shoot at Sabiu inside the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!