Residents of Kudeti area of Ibadan currently live in palpable fear of reprisals stemming from gang-related violence in the area in recent weeks. One Lanre Ayomide had been shot dead by suspected members of gangs in Kudeti area Ibadan, last Thursday, reportedly swelling the number of killings in the area. The killings, involving boys from Born Photo down to Kudeti areas, reportedly, may not be unconnected with reprisals and counter reprisals stemming from the killing of a gang leader, Moshood Ekugbemi in April. According to a resident of Kudeti, Mrs Yetunde Ahmed, the killing of Lanre brings to seven the number of killings in the week in recent weeks. The 30-year-old Lanre had been accosted by some men, seated on a bridge, at about 8.30 pm on Thursday, when he went out to purchase food. A conversation was said to have ensued, the men asked Lanre to kneel. Not long afterwards, Lanre was shot. Lanre’s elder sister, Yetunde Ahmed recounted how she met her brother in the pool of his own blood before he later died. Recounting amid tears, Ahmed said the late Lanre had only just returned from Lagos to Ibadan over the arrest of his younger brother over the violence in the area. ALSO READ: Edo factional APC chairman demands Obaseki’s expulsion over anti-party activities Ahmed said, “My younger brother went to purchase food around 8.30 pm on Thursday. “He met some people seated on a bridge around a church in the area. He said those people were some notorious guys in the area. “He said the boys asked him to kneel. I was called and I got there to meet him in a pool of his own blood “Since Ekugbemi was killed, there has not been peace in the area. They have threatened that since Ekugbemi was killed, there will be a lot of killings. My brother will be the seventh person killed in the area. “We usually call the 615 emergency number whenever violence springs up. Also, the police would usually come to the area on patrol, even the DPO of Mapo. In fact, some parents have left the area over the fear of constant attacks. “His younger brother was arrested by the police and he came in from Lagos so as to help me bear the burden.” In a conversation with TribuneOnline, Oyo Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Gbenga Fadeyi said the police was not unaware of the notoriety of Kudeti area for reprisal clashes. He, however, said the police had a deployment of its crack striking units in the area to curtail further reprisals. “The police has its deployment of personnel in that axis including Swift Response Squad (SRS), Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), Idi-aro to curtail the menace and reprisal attacks in that area,” Fadeyi said  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock
MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC
A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock
THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story APC Appeal Committee Validates Obaseki’s Disqualification
Governor of Edo State and aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki may have reached the end of the road in his quest to fly the gubernatorial flag of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming September 19, 2020 election in Edo State… Read full story Aso Rock Crisis: Shots Fired To Stop Buhari’s PA’s Getaway Car —Sources 
THERE were indications Saturday that shots that were reportedly heard inside the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday evening, were fired in an attempt to stop Sabiu Tunde Yusuf from fleeing in a getaway car after refusing to self-isolate on return from a trip as required for COVID-19 containment protocols… Read full story Havoc In The Air! COVID-19: Aviation, Tourism Sectors In Disarray • 124,500 travel agencies jobs threatened
WHEN coronavirus broke out in Wuhan, China late last year, not many countries took notice, but by the turn of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of the year, the whole world had not only taken notice: millions of the citizens had become victims of the virus… Read full story Ordering Controversy: The Pros And Cons Of Buhari’s Executive Order 10
Save for President William Henry Harrison, all United States presidents, beginning with George Washington in 1789, had issued one executive order or the other, and the practice of using such executive power also has its origin in the same United State, with the first ever executive order, issued on June 8, 1789 by… Read full story Stop Nepotism, Embrace Others, Clark Tells Buhari
Elder statesman and convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Clark, on Friday, admonished President Muhammadu Buhari to drop the toga of nepotism and injustice against the South South, saying “things cannot continue this way… Read full story Ibadan Records Third Killing In Two Weeks As 21-Yr-Old Lady Is Macheted To Death
One Grace Oshiagwu was macheted to death on Saturday by yet-to-be identified persons, in Ibadan, Oyo State. The deceased, a 21-year-old lady was killed in a church mission building at Idi-ori Area,Shasha, off the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway… Read full story Pulling Down Christopher Columbus’ Buhari Statues
YOU may not like their reckless consumption of drugs, the airs they put on as “stars” and the pumped-up peacock ego sometimes exhibited by them at their apogee of stardom but the reality is that, popular culture musicians, that is indigenous African musicians and even Africanist musicians among them, are prophets of… Read full story Do Black Lives Matter In Nigeria?
The sheer wickedness of his murder by the police turned George Floyd into a global figure as the world rose in one accord to condemn the inhuman treatment meted to him which resulted in his death. As soon as the video of Derek Chauvin, a former Minneapolis Police Department officer, kneeling on the neck of… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!