Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday said religious houses can open in two weeks’ time, but members in attendance must not exceed 500 at each service. The governor said this while releasing fresh guidelines for the second phase of the ease of lockdown of the state at Lagos House, Marina, pointing out that worship centres should open at a maximum of 40 per cent of their membership. Sanwo-Olu, however, said any worship centre with larger congregation where the number exceeds 500 at that percentage could have more than one service, adding that churches were only to run Sunday services while Muslims were to observe Friday Jumat service only, with both faiths barred from holding vigils and other weekly services. The governor also said those below 15 years of age and above 65 years should not be allowed into places of worship due to the vulnerability of people within those age brackets. “As we all know, gathering, mass gathering during COVID-19 pandemic can be of serious public health consequences. And there is documented evidence that mass gathering can increase the spread of the virus. And that’s why we will from 14 days’ time, precisely from the 19th of June for our Muslim worshippers, from the 21st of June, for our Christian worshipers, allow all of our religious bodies to open at the maximum of 40 per cent of their capacity, maximum of 40 per cent of their capacity, and we’ll be working with them as being expected with the Lagos State Safety Commission. “But we know that these places of worship have different sizes. But even if you’re 40 per cent capacity, it is really so large, you cannot have beyond 500. And keeping that 40 per cent maximum capacity is really, really so, so important. Right and no matter how big your place of worship might be, you cannot have more than 500 worshipers at once. “We’ll be encouraging people to have more than one service and to ensure that they keep their premises clean, disinfect before another round of worship can take place. We’ll also advise that there should only be mandatory Fridays and Sunday services, all other night vigils and order regular services must be put on hold for now, until we review our current situation. “We will also be advising very, very strongly that persons below the age of 15 because of how well they walk around, and how they become difficult to hold down, that they should be excused from the places of worship. And citizens that are above the age of 65 should not be allowed into these places of worship. I mean, these are very, very, very important points that we need to reemphasize, because of how we see things,” Sanwo-Olu stated. The governor, while urging all religious houses to adhere strictly to safety measures, said they should fumigate and keep the premises clean as well as ensure that worshipers wear a face mask before entering, use of sanitiser, among others, adding that the Lagos State Safety Commission would not only register but would be going round to check the level of compliance. He warned that the state government had the discretion to stop or restrict worship where there was no compliance. Speaking further, Governor Sanwo-Olu said primary and secondary schools would remain shut, pointing out that the state government was still consulting with all stakeholders in the sector and would come out with guidelines for their re-opening in two weeks time, adding that the on-line classes for tertiary institutions continue. He, however, said that civil servants on levels 13-14 can, as from next Monday, resume with their senior colleagues on level 15 and above, while levels 1-12 were to wait. According to him, “All other guidelines are as announced by PTF on Monday and they include: curfew from 10 pm-4 am, full re-opening of banks and other financial institutions, offices and business places to operate from 7 am-6 pm; manufacturing companies permitted to do night shift but to make arrangement for movement of staff. “Hotels and hospitality businesses are also free to open while restaurants will open for take-away services only, however, gyms, spas, cinema, event cents, nite clubs and all other such services remain closed and cross-state journeys remain banned.” Meanwhile, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday disclosed that the government will deploy 570 buses on the BRT corridor on various routes next week, saying that the buses were currently being cleared from the port. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session
THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story Cleanup Starts At 57 Sites In Ogoni Land ― Minister
The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Abubakar, says no fewer than 57 sites at Ogoni land in Rivers are being cleaned up currently. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on Wednesday in Abuja, saying that he had presented a report on the ministry’s mandate to a meeting of the… Read full story COVID-19: NCoS Reopens Custodial Centres For Admission Of Inmates
The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) announced the reopening of Custodial Centres to admit all categories of inmates. Controller General of Corrections, Ja’afaru Ahmed, who ordered the reopening of the Custodial Centres, on Wednesday, in Abuja, said the action became imperative to enhance access to justice and… Read full story Community Policing Takes Off In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday inaugurated the State Community Policing Advisory Committee (SCPAC) and its operations arm, State Community Policing Committee (SCPC), aimed at improving security in all communities across the state… Read full story Auxiliary, Oyo Park Managers Sign Undertaking Against Drivers’ Harassment, Fake Ticketing
Aimed at curtailing their reported excesses, park managers in Oyo State, on Wednesday, were made to sign an undertaking binding them to adhere to stipulated rules of engagement or face disciplinary measures. As contained in the letter of undertaking, signed at the state secretariat, Ibadan, the park managers are not to engage… Read full story Ibuprofen Tested As Coronavirus Treatment
Scientists are running a trial to see if ibuprofen can help hospital patients who are sick with coronavirus. According to a BBC report, the team from London’s Guy’s and St Thomas’ hospital and King’s College believe the drug, which is an anti-inflammatory as well as a painkiller, could treat breathing difficulties… Read full story There Is Nothing As ‘State Of Osun’, Court Insists
Justice Mathias Agboola of the Osun State High Court on Wednesday insisted that legally and constitutionally there is nothing called “State of Osun”. He declared that under the Nigerian constitution, only Osun State exists. Delivering judgment in Osogbo in a suit filed by a human rights activist, Barrister Kanmi Ajibola against… Read full story Osun Governor Okays Reopening Of Churches, Mosques For Two Weeks
Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Wednesday held separate meetings with Christian and Muslim leaders in the state on guidelines for reopening of churches and mosques across the state for two weeks. He disclosed that the decision to reopen worship centres partially was in response to the request by religious… Read full story You Have No Right To Disconnect Customers Without Written Notice, Court Tells IBEDC
An Osun State High Court sitting in Osogbo on Wednesday declared that Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has no constitutional right to disconnect customers’ electricity without written notice. In a suit filed against IBEDC by two lawyers, Mr Kanmi Ajibola and Mr Olayinka Sokoya, who were the former chairman… Read full story PHOTOS: Moment Orji Uzor Kalu Left Kuje Correctional Centre
The Federal High Court in Lagos released a former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu, from prison on Tuesday. Former governor Kalu was jailed for 12 years on December 5, 2019, after he was convicted of N7.1bn fraud alongside a former Director of Finance at the Abia State Government House, Jones Udeogu… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For Vera Omozuwa
Even going by the dastardly details of rape cases, the story of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa is unusually brutal. According to reports, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin, Edo State, was raped and killed inside the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, a branch of the Redeemed Christian Church of God located in Ikpoba Hill, Benin City, where she had gone to study on May 27. It is doubtful that even the Nobel Laureate, T.S Eliot… Read full story