The federal government is determined to outsource repair and maintenance of certain Federal highways, Minister of Works, Babatunde Fashola, dropped the hint on Wednesday at the National Assembly Joint Committee on Works. The concession arrangement which he called, “Highway Development and Management Initiative,” will involve the federal government and private investors which would carry out the development and management of 10 federal highways in the first phase. According to the Minister of Works, the roads listed for the first phase which he noted could attract N163bn investment included, Benin – Asaba, Abuja – Lokoja, Kaduna – Kano, Onitsha – Owerri – Aba, Shagamu -Benin, Abuja -Keffi – Akwanga, Kano – Maiduguri, Lokoja – Benin, Enugu -Port Harcourt, Ilorin – Jebba. ALSO READ: Another harvest of arrests as EFCC picks 16 suspected internet fraudsters in Lagos, Ogun Fashola who declared that the federal government bought into the initiative in the face of dwindling revenue available to it and a dearth of public funds for road maintenance further hinted that each of the ten roads listed in the first phase would gulp N16billion. He, however, painted a rosy picture of the gains of the Value Added Concession to include, creation of about 23, 322 jobs in the first phase, provision of streetlights, toll plazas, rest areas, and weighbridge stations. He said after the first phase, another ten routes would be identified for the second phase. “The Value Added Concession through the construction of rest areas will reduce fatigue on the highways thereby causing a reduction in accidents as the routes will be better managed and maintained. “Through the Value Added Concession, there will be job creation in communities that fall along the route which will bring about an increase in rural development. “Improvement on weighbridge stations will reduce the incidence of roads having to bear loads above their design weight. This will improve the lifespan of the road pavement.” Asked about the competence of the prospective investors, the Minister assured that his Ministry would carry out due diligence on the applicants for a thorough evaluation of their technical and financial competence. Individual members of the joint National Assembly Committee on Works commended Honourable Fashola initiative which they described as laudable as they noted that it would enhance development, provide security and jobs for young Nigerians. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Names Ajimobi Acting Chairman
The National Working Committee (NWC) of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), on Tuesday, announced Senator Abiola Ajimobi as its acting National Chairman. This followed affirmation of the suspension of National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole, by an Appeal Court… Read Full Story FG Threatens To Sack Striking Doctors As Meeting Ends In Deadlock
Following the failure of the marathon meeting between the Federal Government and the doctors under the auspices of National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) to reach a compromise, the government on Tuesday threatened to sack all striking doctors who fail to report to work on Wednesday… Read Full Story I’ll Protect Children Against Sexual Violence ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has pledged the commitment of the government to protect children from sexual violence, domestic abuse and exploitation as Nigeria join the international community to celebrate the Day of the African Child… Read Full Story Osinbajo’s Committee Did Not Call For Suspension Of NYSC ― Laolu Akande
Contrary to reports circulating in the mainstream media, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo did not call for the suspension of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Tribune Online reports. Osinbajo’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Laolu Akande, made this known on Tuesday on Twitter… Read Full Story Attempt To Link Me With Naira Marley’s Flight Ridiculous ― Fashola
The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola on Tuesday described as ridiculous, attempts to link him with a flight that conveyed hip-hop star, Azeez Fashola is popularly known as Naira Marley, to Abuja for a concert last… Read Full Story Nigeria Lost N27.5bn To Oil Pipeline Vandalism In 2018 ― Audit Report
The newly published oil and gas 2018 audit report has revealed that a total of N27.551billion was lost to pipeline vandalism within the year. It stated that a total of 1,894 breaks were recorded with a loss of 204,397.07 cubic metres of crude product… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints 12 New Permanent Secretaries
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of 12 new permanent secretaries in the federal civil service. The new permanent secretaries are Akinlade Oluwatoyin (Kogi), Alkali Bashir Nura (Kano), Anyanwutaku Adaora lfeoma (Anambra), Ardo Babayo Kumo (Gombe), Belgore Shuaib Mohammad Lamido… Read Full Story US Government Declares Six Nigerians Wanted Over Internet-Related Crimes
The US government, on Tuesday, declared wanted six Nigerians who are currently on the run after they were indicted and charged for internet-related crimes. According to the US Department of Justice, the six Nigerians were indicted by both the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the US Attorney’s Office in… Read Full Story Edo 2020: Shape Of Things To Come
It is increasingly becoming well-defined some key factors that are bound to shape the 2020 governorship election in Edo State. With the main combatants not ready to yield ground on their individual and class interests, ongoing alliances and realignments of forces come in another scene in the script being acted by the… Read Full Story Boko Haram’s Ceaseless Killings
LAST week, Boko Haram reportedly attacked Faduma Kolomaiya community in Gubio Local Government Area of Borno State, killing 81 persons. Residents told Governor Babagana Zulum during a condolence visit to the area that the village head and six other persons were abducted by the marauding terrorists… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. You will be paid daily.
click here link to be part of it.