Kwara state government has warned contractors executing various school rehabilitation projects across the state against delivering poor jobs. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Tuesday, the state’s commissioner for Education and Human Capital Development, Hajia Fatimoh Ahmed, warned that the government would not hesitate to revoke any contract that fails to meet set standards. The commissioner also urged members of the public to monitor school rehabilitation projects in their localities and forward their observations to her ministry for prompt actions. She warned that her ministry would not fold its arms and allow any contractor soil integrity of the state government through the execution of shoddy jobs. She, therefore, assured the people of the state of quality job delivery at the ongoing rehabilitation of schools across the state. ALSO READ: Buhari orders assistance for victims of Benin fire outbreak “It is the duty of my ministry to ensure that quality works are done at the various sites where rehabilitation of schools are still ongoing as we will not compromise standard. “I want to say that my ministry is open for criticisms, be it from the public or from the Honourable members of the state House of Assembly. “I want to assure you that we would not compromise standard on the execution of the projects and if there is any observation made, we will ensure that necessary corrections are effected by the concerned contractors. “The government of Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq is an open one, members of the public are free to visit the project sites and forward their observations so that necessary corrections can be effected. “I have been to all the project sites across the 16 local government areas of the state. During such visits defects discovered were pointed out for necessary corrections by the concerned contractors and they are already working on them,” she said. The commissioner praised Governor Abdulrazaq for prioritizing renovation and rehabilitation of schools amid scarce resources.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.