As the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic threatens food security, Olam Nigeria has said it won’t relent in the cultivation of its 5000 hectares of rice which produces about 40,000 metric tons of paddy. However, the company off-takes paddy from farmers around the country to balance its milling capacity of 240,000 metric tonnes, in its farms in Rukubi Doma Nassarawa State and Amarava Agro in Kano state which operates 120,000MT respectively. Olam Nigeria, one of the leading players in the Nigerian Agriculture value chain said this effort will save the country from the effects of a post-COVID-19 food crisis. It will be recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari urged Nigerian farmers to embark on massive food production this farming season as in his words, Nigeria must produce what it eats. According to a statement issued by Olam, “in furtherance of this resolve by the President, Olam Nigeria is pledging to continue its support in the fight to ensure food security and helping the country reduce its food imports by ramping up Rice production through its over 5000 hectares, fully mechanized large-scale rice farm that produces 2 crops a year for the Nigerian market. ALSO READ: FG’s initiative on infotech to reduce impact of COVID-19 on digital economy ― NITDA “The farms which have an integrated rice mill with a production capacity of 120,000 tonnes respectively is committed to producing only local and homegrown quality rice with the variants of Mama’s Pride and Mama’s Choice” Olam said it is working with more than 20,000 direct Outgrower Famers and sensitizing more farmers to plant Rice and handholding them with training and inputs in 5 states of Nigeria. “In addition, Olam participates across the country as the biggest off-taker of paddy rice from Nigerian farmers impacting livelihoods of more than 100,000 farmers directly and indirectly”, the statement noted. Olam further said it was determined to make Nigeria the agricultural hub on the African continent, “that is why the Agribusiness company is sourcing, procuring, grading, processing and exporting other agricultural products such as cocoa, cashew, sesame and cotton. “The Olam Rice Farm and Mill both in Rukubi, Nasarawa State and Kano has created both direct and indirect employment to the tune of over 2500 people, thereby helping the local community survive and enriching the farmers around and within the environs”, the statement said. “We must not forget that COVID-19 pandemic is arguably the biggest challenge facing humanity today. It is ravaging not only Nigeria but the global economy. “As part of the efforts to support Nigeria’s fight against COVID-19, Olam has successfully given palliatives to host communities, women were given rice, and medical kits were given to the Rukubi Clinic in Doma, Nasarawa State apart from undertaking various other community support programs. Enlightenment and educational campaigns in form of radio and tv jingles in local languages to stress the need for social distancing, wearing of masks as well as washing and rinsing of hands whilst ensuring they are all in line with COVID-19 protocols as espoused by WHO and NCDC”, Olam said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story Akinwumi Adesina And AfDB
AFTER the Ethics Committee of the African Development Bank (AfDB) had returned a ‘not guilty’ verdict on the bank’s president, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had been accused by a group of whistleblowers of approving certain appointments and contracts that were in breach of the financial institution’s statutory and… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 350 New Cases, Total Now 11,516
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 350 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 11,516. The centre disclosed this on Tuesday night via its… Read full story COVID-19: African Nations Get $9.8bn As IMF Supports 66 Countries With $23bn
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has provided over $23 billion in emergency financial assistance and debt relief to 66 member countries facing the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. According to information sourced from IMF’s website on Thursday, sub-Saharan Africa got the highest support of $9.81 billion… Read full story Osun Relaxes Curfew, Now 9pm To 5am
The governor of Osun State, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, announced a new set of guidelines that would guide the second phase of the gradual reopening of the state’s economy, following the lockdown imposed by the government in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Experiencing Steady Rise In Maternal, Child Mortality ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, lamented that the country is experiencing a steady rise in maternal and child mortality as a result of disrupted essential services, due to the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story Through Facebook, Three Brothers Kidnap, Murder 55-Yr-Old Mother Of Five Children
Three brothers of one Emmanuel family, Johnson, Gideon and Success, have been arrested by the police for the kidnap and murder of one Mrs Janet Ogbonnaya. One of the three brothers, Johnson Emmanuel, had lured the woman, a mother of five children, via Facebook from her Gwagwalada home where they allegedly… Read full story Police Give Account Of How 21 People Were Killed In 2 LGs In Zamfara
Zamfara State police command has said 21 people were killed in attacks carried out in two local government areas of the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the police image-maker… Read full story