The equities market extends losing streak to start another week on a bearish trend as the All Share Index (ASI) of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) shed 0.29 per cent pegging the year to date return at – 7.78 per cent. Also, the market capitalisation was capped at N12.91 trillion, having depreciated from N12.95 trillion It recorded at the end of trading activity on Friday, thus investors lost N34.02 billion on Monday. Similarly, Market breadth closed in favour of the bear with 11 stocks closing in the green zone as against 26 losers. Japaul Oil, Nestle Nigeria, Fidson, Sterling Bank and Unity Bank led the gainers’ chart, while at the rear of the chart, Neimeth Pharmaceuticals, CUTIX, Honeywell Flour, Stanbic IBTC and Chams led the chart. All Sectoral Indices closed southward aside for Consumer goods Sector owing to price gain in Nestle Nigeria, while NSEASEM remained flat. The market recorded a total of 124 million shares today worth 1.318 billion in value, representing -28.62 per cent and 34.41 per cent decrease respectively from 174 million shares worth 2.01 billion in the previous session. The toast of investors on Monday was Japaul Oil, Guaranty Trust Bank, Zenith Bank, United Bank for Africa and Chams, having ended the trading day as top performers in terms of volume while Guaranty Trust Bank, Okomu Oil Palm, Nestle Nigeria, Zenith Bank and Dangote Cement made up the top five performers in terms of the value of units traded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!