As widely expected, former South-South zonal secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu on Monday in Benin City emerged the governorship candidate of the APC. In the direct primary which was held throughout the 192 wards of the state and devoid of violence, POI, as Ize-Iyamu is fondly called, scored 27,838 votes to defeat his nearest rival, former deputy governor, Dr Pius Odubu, who polled 3,766 to emerged a distant second while former Oredo Local Government Area chairman, Mr Osaro Obaze trailed with 2,744. As the result of the primary which was supervised by Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma-led election committee were being reeled out, a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship aspirant, Gideon Ikhine, stepped down from the race which comes up on June 23 in Benin City at the Sam Ogbemudia Stadium. Buoyed by the overwhelming victory, Ize-Iyamu, the governorship candidate of the PDP in the 2016 election, appealed to Governor Obaseki who defected to the main opposition party last Friday to retrace his steps and come back home to the APC where he rightly belongs. He said that he made a mistake by aligning himself with the PDP in the last election before going back to the APC which he helped form and emerged as the pioneer zonal scribe. He said: “I made the same mistake before. I have come to realise that it was a big error and I will not want him as an elder brother to make the same mistake again. He should come back. In APC, he is recognised as a leader but in his new party, it is going to be difficult for him. We are ready to work with him.” Governor Uzodinma remarked that all the rules and regulations of COVID-19 as regards social distancing were respected in the primary, noting that the process was transparent. He added that Odubu and Obaze stepped down in the contest shortly before the commencement of voting which kickstarted as early as 8 am. Meanwhile, announcing his resignation and support for Governor Obaseki, Ikhine who was flanked by the PDP state chairman, Dr Tony Aziegbemi said that he was withdrawing due to the fact that his agenda tallies with that of the governor. An elated Governor Obaseki said that the likes of Ikhine kept the faith with the PDP through thick and thin and wouldn’t have been able to seek the party’s nomination if not for the role he played to ensure that the party survived. He said: “If PDP was not there in the state, I would not have been able to switch over. Gideon is like me, he doesn’t give money anyhow. We will continue to work together.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story APC Crisis: Oshiomhole’s Exit Heralds 2023 Battle
As the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains and ordinary faithful watch with bated breath the unfolding power game in the ruling party, there are indications that what is playing out in the battle for the party structures ahead 2023 Presidency… Read Full Story IPPIS Crisis: Varsity Workers Give FG 14-Day Ultimatum
Varsity workers, under the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), have issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel… Read Full Story I Didn’t Order Police CP To Prevent My Deputy From Leaving Govt House ― Akeredolu
Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has dismissed reports claiming that the Commissioner of Police in the state restrained his deputy, Agboola Ajayi, from leaving the Government House based on his directive… Read Full Story Nigerians Will Pay For Electricity If Services Become Satisfactory ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said Nigerians are willing to pay for electricity if the services they receive from the distribution companies are constant and better… Read Full Story Lawyers Task FG To Ratify ILO Convention No. 190 On Violence And Harassment
The International Lawyers Assisting Workers network (ILAW), Nigeria Chapter has called on the Federal Government to speedily ratify the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention No. 190 on Violence and Harassment in the world of work… Read Full Story The Revenue Crisis And The Challenge Of Government
It has become a truth, universally acknowledged, that Nigeria currently faces an unprecedented revenue crisis. A report on the Medium-Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy (MTEF/FSP) recently released by the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget, and National Planning, revealed that during Q1 2020… Read Full Story Now That You Are Young
I am a prince in Oyo State and I grew up in the city of Ibadan before leaving for Lagos State. In the early 80s and 90s, the third-largest city in Africa, Ibadan, had so many young rich men and women, who did not understand what I want to share with you right now. It will help you a great deal, if you will put it into practice. Remember… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!