President Muhammadu Buhari has sent warm greetings to the Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu, on his 55th birthday, saluting “the courage and boundless energy he has brought into leadership, especially the focus on people-oriented development.” A statement issued by Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity), Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Wednesday said President Buhari joined the State Executive Council, family, friends and political associates of the former banker in celebrating “the visionary leader, who has over the years contributed to the development of the state at various levels, including serving as Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Commissioner for Training and Pensions, and Managing Director/CEO of Lagos State Development and Property Corporation (LSDPC).” The President affirmed that the governor’s consistency in diligently serving governments in the state, and loyalty to the governing party, APC, deserved commendation, urging him to keep sharing the wealth of experience gained from the private sector to bring more competency and effectiveness into the public sector, which provides the engine for driving policies and actualising development plans. As the Lagos State Governor turned 55, President Buhari noted, with appreciation, the strong leadership he has brought to bear with his management team to contain and reverse the spread of novel coronavirus. The President prayed that the Almighty God will grant Governor Sanwo-Olu more years of good health, strength and wisdom to serve Lagos State and the nation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.