The Urhobo Progress Union (UPU) has expressed grief over the demise of three of its illustrious sons, Major-General Orho Esio Obada (retd), Chief Tom Amioku and Hon Joyce Overah in five days. Major-General Obada (retd), before his death on Saturday, June 13 at 81, was the chairman, Board of Trustees (BoT) of UPU (Worldwide) and former Federal Commissioner of Works. Chief Amioku, who also died on Saturday, June 13, was a top politician and former Commissioner representing Delta State in the Board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), while Overah, before his death on Tuesday, June 9, was the subsisting Commissioner representing Sapele, Okpe and Ethiope West local government areas in the Delta State Oil Producing Area Development Commission (DESOPADEC) and former member of the Federal House of Representatives. The apex Urhobo socio-cultural body particularly described the transition of Major-General Obada (retd) as a huge loss of a great leader, a pillar of support and an invaluable asset to the Urhobo nation. President-General of UPU, Olorogun Moses Oghenerume Taiga, in a statement on Sunday, averred that with the transition of Major-General Obada, Nigeria and the Urhobo nation have lost a statesman. “Our departed General was indeed a priceless asset to the Urhobo nation. He was not just a passionate, patriotic and progressive Urhobo hero, but was also a bridge-builder who was always concerned about the peace, growth, development, security, unity and welfare of the Urhobo nation, and the country at large. “He was a role model and motivator, who selflessly and passionately contributed and spent his own personal, financial, professional and moral resources and network in his long-term service of the UPU, nay Urhobo nation. “He was handy in the efforts to curtail the worsening security situation in Urhoboland, especially in the hinterland. “General Obada’s passage to eternity came at a time of our Nation’s history when his usually quality contributions and services are highly needed,” he lamented. According to Chief Taiga, the Urhobo nation is greatly saddened by the loss of the three eminent and highly patriotic Urhobo sons who, he said, devoted the better parts of their lives to serve the Urhobo nation to the best of their abilities. Major General Obada, who retired in 1977, was also former member of the Supreme Military Council, acting Chief of Air Staff (1970 – 1971) and Aide-de-Camp to Dr Nmamdi Azikiwe (1964-1966), among others.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock
MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC
A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock
THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story APC Appeal Committee Validates Obaseki’s Disqualification
Governor of Edo State and aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki may have reached the end of the road in his quest to fly the gubernatorial flag of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming September 19, 2020 election in Edo State… Read full story Aso Rock Crisis: Shots Fired To Stop Buhari’s PA’s Getaway Car —Sources 
THERE were indications Saturday that shots that were reportedly heard inside the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday evening, were fired in an attempt to stop Sabiu Tunde Yusuf from fleeing in a getaway car after refusing to self-isolate on return from a trip as required for COVID-19 containment protocols… Read full story Havoc In The Air! COVID-19: Aviation, Tourism Sectors In Disarray • 124,500 travel agencies jobs threatened
WHEN coronavirus broke out in Wuhan, China late last year, not many countries took notice, but by the turn of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of the year, the whole world had not only taken notice: millions of the citizens had become victims of the virus… Read full story Ordering Controversy: The Pros And Cons Of Buhari’s Executive Order 10
Save for President William Henry Harrison, all United States presidents, beginning with George Washington in 1789, had issued one executive order or the other, and the practice of using such executive power also has its origin in the same United State, with the first ever executive order, issued on June 8, 1789 by… Read full story Stop Nepotism, Embrace Others, Clark Tells Buhari
Elder statesman and convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Clark, on Friday, admonished President Muhammadu Buhari to drop the toga of nepotism and injustice against the South South, saying “things cannot continue this way… Read full story Ibadan Records Third Killing In Two Weeks As 21-Yr-Old Lady Is Macheted To Death
One Grace Oshiagwu was macheted to death on Saturday by yet-to-be identified persons, in Ibadan, Oyo State. The deceased, a 21-year-old lady was killed in a church mission building at Idi-ori Area,Shasha, off the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway… Read full story Pulling Down Christopher Columbus’ Buhari Statues
YOU may not like their reckless consumption of drugs, the airs they put on as “stars” and the pumped-up peacock ego sometimes exhibited by them at their apogee of stardom but the reality is that, popular culture musicians, that is indigenous African musicians and even Africanist musicians among them, are prophets of… Read full story Do Black Lives Matter In Nigeria?
The sheer wickedness of his murder by the police turned George Floyd into a global figure as the world rose in one accord to condemn the inhuman treatment meted to him which resulted in his death. As soon as the video of Derek Chauvin, a former Minneapolis Police Department officer, kneeling on the neck of… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!