A pregnant woman, Mrs Queen Igbineovba was reportedly raped to death at her uptown residence in Uselu in the Edo State capital, Tribune Online reports. The expectant mother who lived apart from her husband was said to have been raped recently by unknown assailants who broke through the ceiling of her apartment in the middle of the night. The assailants were also said to have disappeared through the ceiling where they came from after violating the pregnant woman. Igbineovba was found naked in the morning with semen and blood all over her body. A neighbour who would not want his name in print explained that concerned neighbours had called the husband when they noticed that her door was bolted in the morning. He added that upon the husband’s arrival, he broke the door after knocking severally without response. He said: “That morning when we didn’t see Queen, I went to check if she was fine because she lives alone. Her door was locked. We called the husband who came, broke the door and saw her dead body naked with blood and foam coming out of her mouth. There was semen all over her body.” ALSO READ: Bauchi APC suspends Senator Bulkachuwa for allegedly deserting constituency The development sparked outrage in the city as protesters stormed the streets to protest Igbineovba’s death. Mr Ajala Ayoola, the Edo State deputy commissioner of police who received protesters at the police headquarters assured that the police will do everything to unravel the circumstances surrounding the rape and gruesome murder. A police source said who pleaded anonymity confirmed that the case was reported to the Ohkoro Police Divisional Headquarters, noting that doctors will carry out an autopsy and the results will be made public. Tribune Online recalls that a 100-level Microbiology student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa was gang-raped and beaten to death with a fire extinguisher in the Benin-Agbor Road in Benin City on May 27, 2020. QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE