THE Alasalatu Society of Nigeria and West Africa (ASONWA) has commended the Federal Government’s decision to reopen worship centres, including mosques and churches, which were closed down in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic in the country. It described the move as such a welcome development that would encourage “non-pharmaceutical initiative” at ridding the country of the scourge. Alasalatu group, through its Grand Khalifah, Sheikh Abdul-Fatah Ajani Akorede, in Abeokuta, Ogun State, said there was the need for current efforts at curtailing the pandemic to be complemented by people of faith through seeking of divine intervention. Stating that with God, all things are possible, the group charged Christian and Muslim clerics, scholars and leaders to support the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) with prayers to enable them achieve success of their assignment. According to a statement by the secretary-general of ASONWA, Alhaji Kamaldeen Akintunde, Sheikh Akorede described Nigerians as a largely religiously minded people who are unflinching in their belief in God to have solutions to all problems. ASONWA enjoined the various faith-based organisations to rise up to the occasion through persistent prayers and supplication to God to end the COVID-19 crisis which, it said, had put the affairs of the world in disarray. Meanwhile, the Islamic prayer group reminded custodians of places of worship and congregants of the “utmost need” to observe COVID-19 protocols that go with the relaxation of the ban on religious gatherings. It urged clerics of both faiths to incorporate safety guidelines and other precautionary measures in their sermons to check community transmission of the virus.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story Akinwumi Adesina And AfDB
AFTER the Ethics Committee of the African Development Bank (AfDB) had returned a ‘not guilty’ verdict on the bank’s president, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had been accused by a group of whistleblowers of approving certain appointments and contracts that were in breach of the financial institution’s statutory and… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 350 New Cases, Total Now 11,516
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 350 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 11,516. The centre disclosed this on Tuesday night via its… Read full story COVID-19: African Nations Get $9.8bn As IMF Supports 66 Countries With $23bn
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has provided over $23 billion in emergency financial assistance and debt relief to 66 member countries facing the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. According to information sourced from IMF’s website on Thursday, sub-Saharan Africa got the highest support of $9.81 billion… Read full story Osun Relaxes Curfew, Now 9pm To 5am
The governor of Osun State, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, announced a new set of guidelines that would guide the second phase of the gradual reopening of the state’s economy, following the lockdown imposed by the government in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story