Wife of the Anambra State Governor and founder, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFE) NGO,  Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano, has decried the sustenance of discriminatory practices which deny widows basic rights in some communities in the World. She called on those who promote such discriminatory and degrading acts to discard them and accord widows their rights as full-fledged members of the community. Mrs Obiano, who made the plea in Awka on Tuesday, in a special message signed by Deputy Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Emeka Ozumba, to commemorate the International Widows Day 2020, called on those who promote such discriminatory and degrading acts to discard them and accord widows their rights as full-fledged members of the community. She stated that situations, where the rights of women are tied solely to their husband, is discriminatory and should be abhorred and abolished. In her words, “In this twenty-first century, it is disheartening and unpardonable to hear that a woman stands accused of the death of her husband and is therefore subjected to life-threatening and painful mourning practices and rites. Often, such widows are separated from their children and the properties of the deceased husband appropriated by her accusers. Thankfully, our laws have recognized the rights of women to inheritance but such laws must be enforced to preserve the dignity of widows and the family unit.” ALSO READ: FAAN moves corporate headquarters to Abuja The wife of the Governor urged community leaders where such practices hinder widows to ensure the discard of such retrogressive practices which single out hapless widows at their most vulnerable state for maltreatment in the name of tradition. ” Every widow deserves the right to work, access to healthcare and inheritance. No person or group should deny a widow her rights under false pretence.” She emphasized. She commended the United Nations for dedicating a day of observance for widows which enhances awareness of the challenges they face in some parts of the world. She also thanked the Governor of Anambra State, Willie Obiano for ensuring that issues concerning women especially widows are given priority attention to ensure their welfare. Tribune Online learnt that the goal of the United Nations on the day is to develop resources and policy to empower widows with all rights restored. And enable them to create a life for themselves and their children and end a cycle of poverty and abuse.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.