Benue State Police Command has arrested 60 suspected cultists across the state. In the statement by the command Public Relations Officer, DSP, Catherine Anene, four locally made guns, five axes, three black and two red berets, a pair of military camouflage trousers, P cap bag bulletproof jacket and other items were recovered from them. Anene in the statement said that two Dane guns, packs of dried leaves suspected to be Indian hemp, a pair of military camouflage trousers, two berets and assorted charms were recovered from them. According to the statement, “On 15th June 2020 at about 0300hrs, one Ogenyi Okeke ‘m’ also known as Smooky of North-Bank and seventeen (17) other suspects were arrested within North bank area. Three (3) axes, one military Camouflage hat, two (2) other hats and three (3) desert boots were recovered from them. On the same date, one Eze Mathew and four (4) others were also arrested at High level and one locally made pistol was recovered from them. “On June 20, 2020, at about 02:00hrs one Timothy Tsegba and one other were arrested at New GRA, Makurdi. One axe, one military Camouflage bulletproof jacket and bag, one red and one black beret were recovered from them. “On June 21, 2020, Raymond Ortese ‘m’ and twenty-six (26) other suspects were arrested within the old bridge, Wadata. One locally-made revolver pistol, one camouflage p-cap and two (2) black berets were recovered from them.” Anene assured members of the public that the command was committed to the fight against criminality in the state and will appreciate every useful information that will assist in the apprehension and prosecution of offenders.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.