If I had to use one word to describe this book, it would be this: awesome. When you flip through the pages of this book, you will get inspiration on every single page. This book does a fantastic job of being the motivating factor you need no matter where you are in life. You could be a 16-year-old trying to find inspiration to start whatever it is you want to start, or you could be a recent retiree looking for that extra jolt of energy to pursue whatever it is you’ve always wanted to do. Daymond tells you the secret of what makes him so damn successful and how you can do the same. He has 15 other successful people in this book, all with a chapter of their own, relaying how they rise and grind. Rising The rising may be the most important aspect of getting what you want. How will you be able to get things done if you don’t rise? There have been some studies that have shown that 90 per cent of top executives wake up before 6 am. They get up before the majority of people are up. This means they have that one extra hour of productivity before the majority of people are up. They spend this time more wisely than others too. Most successful people have a morning routine that they do every single day: They exercise before getting their day going, they read, they meditate, they write out their goals. Rising before most people get up has extreme benefits. The following are the first few sentences of the first chapter: “My thing is to push, to reach, to grind. I get up — before the sun, some mornings — and start grinding at my goals, hard. I go to sleep — stupid-late, most nights — still grinding. Because when I hear people say there isn’t time enough in the day to do everything they need to do, it gets me hot, and not in a good way.” Right after these first few sentences, I was hooked. You hear people say all the time, “I don’t have enough time to do this.” Everybody has the same 24 hours in a day. How you use them is up to you. There’s no cap on what you can accomplish. If you can picture it, you can make it so. Be the change you want in your life. If you’re willing to put the work in. Simply put: almost anyone can picture their dream life. Only a few actually put the work in to accomplish their dream life. Grinding What’s the point in rising if you won’t grind? There is no point. With the way technology and the internet is today, you can grind at any hour in the day. Maybe you’re a person who likes to take it slow in the morning and really get after it in the afternoon, or in the deep hours of the night. In today’s day and age, this is completely possible. If it was possible to grind 24/7, you could absolutely do that. You have all the power in the world at your fingertips. The time is going to pass anyway, so you might as well use it productively. You can look down the line of all successful people. It doesn’t matter if they’re a business person, athlete, artist, musician, etc. They all got to where they are today by grinding day in and day out. There is one chapter in the book where Daymond talks about a day in his life. And it was jam-packed. He flew from New York City to San Francisco at 8:00pm, got to his hotel room for 1:30am, went to sleep at 2am, woke up at 6:00am, arrived at his event for 8:20am, did a keynote address for multiple hours, had a meeting with Shark Tank partners at 2:00pm, returned calls and emails at 3:30pm, workout at 5:00pm, arrive at airport at 8:05pm, get back to New York at 5:30am. All of that in one day, and cross country. That’s the definition of a grinder. Setting goals Listen to this “power fact” from Rise and Grind, “When people set and identify specific goals, it leads to higher performance 90 per cent of the time.” Write your goals down folks, it keeps you focused on your grind. Conclusion Rising and grinding will open doors for you. If you can rise every single day and get out the door before most people, and then grind until tiredness overcomes you, then I promise you will benefit in the end.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!