The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has urged both Federal and State Governments to expedite action on reopening of schools for academic activities, saying the continued closure of schools would have a negative impact on the students. The leadership of the Association also warned those parading themselves as NANS officials and issuing fake statements purportedly on behalf of the student body. NANS spoke in a statement signed by its six officials from Zone D, including Kowe Odunayo Amos, Coordinator, NANS Zone D; Akinteye Babatunde, Chairman, NANS, Joint Campus Committee (JCC) Ondo axis; Bamgbose Tomiwa Chairman, NANS, JCC Ogun axis; Busari AbdulQowiyy, Chairman, NANS JCC Lagos Axis; Agbogunleri Seun, Chairman, NANS JCC Osun Axis; and Fadare Blessing, Chairman, NANS, JCC Oyo Axis. NANS said the major interest of the vast majority of Nigerian Students is to have schools reopened. The students urged the Federal and State Governments to reconsider the continuous closure of schools. Meanwhile, NANS said its attention has been drawn to a press text purportedly written and signed by an individual parading himself as the Coordinator of NANS Zone D. It asked the public to disregard any such statement the alleged writer was not an officer of NANS Zone. ALSO READ: Court remands cultist in correctional centre for alleged murder in Osun The statement reads in part: “This is not to say that individuals who are by default, members of NANS based on their studentship cannot raise concern as regards issues happening in the association, but, it would be very wrong for anyone to lay claim to a position he does not occupy legitimately. “While we may agree that the tenure of the present leadership of NANS may have elapsed as stated in the NANS Charter of Demand, but, we must state categorically that, the outbreak of coronavirus in the country has made it impossible for convention or transition to take place. “As elected officeholders in the association in our dear Zone which is referred to as the most ideological Zone of the association, we are not surprised by the crass ignorance that was displayed by the writer of the said press text who is trying helplessly to lay claim to a position he does not occupy because he is not an officeholder in the Zone, hence, the reason for him not having information as regards the transition process of the association. “Ordinarily, the National Convention of the association if not for the COVID-19 lockdown is meant to be between 18th to 20th of this month. “And, it is public knowledge that we owe it a duty to protect ourselves from contracting COVID-19 which is why the National Convention of the association has been put on hold. “However, it is high-time a way forward was forged to conduct another election as COVID-19 is no more a tenable excuse. “Nonetheless, the major interest of the vast majority of Nigerian Students is to have our schools re-opened. Just yesterday, the minister of education said the SS3 students cannot write their O’level examination. “We urge the Federal and State Governments to begin to reconsider the continuous closure of schools. “This is the situation across the entire West African region. “We want to believe that the Convention Planning Committee list which shall convene elections to usher in another leadership shall be released soon as promised by the President of the association,” NANS said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicating the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say we’re locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.