REPORTS in the media last week indicated a direct assault on press freedom by the House of Representatives. The assault was carried out at a public hearing on the vexatious Control of Infectious Diseases Bill organised by its joint Committee on Health Services, Health Institutions and Justice. The House barred all but two media organisations from covering the proceedings. Claiming to be acting strictly on official instructions, operatives of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the National Assembly prevented the Press Corps from entering Hearing Room 028, venue of the public hearing. The bill, which is jointly sponsored by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila; the chairman, House Committee on Health Institutions, Paschal Obi and another member of the House, Honourable Tanko Sununu, seeks to repeal the Quarantine Act. It has been enmeshed in controversy, especially for conferring immense powers on the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) in the management of infectious diseases and pandemics in the country in ways that could infringe on the fundamental human rights of Nigerians. At the hearing, the Sergeant-At-Arm said only Sununu had the right to clear journalists to cover the event. However, the crew of the state-owned Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) and the privately-owned Channels Television were allowed entry. The criteria for the choice of the two were not specified, although there were insinuations that it had to do with the observance of Covid-19 protocols. To be sure, that excuse was absolutely tenuous. Section 36 (1) of the constitution guarantees freedom of the press. It stipulates that: “every person shall be entitled to freedom of expression, including freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart ideas and information without interference.” And the same document further empowers the media in Section 22 to hold the government accountable to the people. In Section 16, it gives the media the right and freedom to ensure that governments uphold good governance and control the national economy in such a manner as to secure the maximum welfare, freedom and happiness of every citizen on the basis of social justice and equality of status and opportunity.” In all material terms, the latest action of the House violated these constitutional provisions. ALSO READ: How N5m Europe tour scam landed Benue Assembly Deputy Speaker, Clerk in trouble Simply put, the House’s action was an unwarranted assault on the Fourth Estate of the Realm. It violated the right of the citizenry to know whether or not their representatives were protecting their interests. It is objectionable that a tier of government undermined the rights and privileges of another strategic institution empowered by the 1999 Constitution (as amended) to guarantee good governance and transparency in a civil dispensation. The action smacks of suspicion and distrust in the way and manner the House deals with the media as an institution and integral part of governance.
Instructively, while declaring the hearing open, Speaker Gbajabiamila reportedly expressed concern that commentary on the proposed legislation had been ill-informed and malicious. He said: “There are those in our society who benefit from promoting the falsehood that every government action is cynical, and that every policy proposal must be the product of malignant influence. We must never succumb to the impulses that these elements represent, and we must reject them always as doing so is an act of excellent service to a nation we love and are beholden to.” If the Speaker had any grouse about public commentary on the bill, there were legitimate channels to vent such concerns. Falsehood can be combated without suppressing the media. We take exception to the divide-and-rule tactic and the deliberate attempt to ride a roughshod on the citizenry and blackmail the critical mass in the media industry. Conscious of the awesome challenges posed by the coronavirus pandemic, the House ought to have made contingency plans and taken realistic steps to accommodate all the media platforms accredited to cover events in the House, directly or through representatives chosen by the Press Corps themselves. It must immediately make amends and stop embarrassing the media, the nation and even the legislature itself. On their part, media practitioners must learn to assert and protect their rights anytime they are under threat from any quarters. They must not allow divisions within their ranks. As professionals, they should realise that the essence of the provisions on the Fourth Estate of the Realm by the framers of the constitution is to ensure checks and balances in government, in the interest of the public. The hearing in question was a public issue and the venue was a public space, and so there should have been no secrecy about it. COVID-19: Concerns Over Early Discharge Of Patients
When Mr Henry Adelakin (not real name) was discharged from the isolation centre after a second test revealed he was negative of the COVID-19 infection, his relatives were thankful that the worse was over. They had kept his infection a secret to avoid stigmatisation… Read Full Story Another Harvest Of Arrests As EFCC Picks 16 Suspected Internet Fraudsters In Lagos, Ogun
It was another harvest of arrests on Wednesday as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested 16 young men suspected to be internet fraudster both in Lagos and Ogun State… Read Full Story FUOYE Student Found Dead In Boyfriend’s Hostel In OSPOLY, Iree
There was apprehension in Iree community of Boripe local government area of Osun State, as 21year-old female student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Miss Faderera Oloyede was found dead in her boyfriend hostel room. Though circumstances surrounding her death was still sketchy as of the time of… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Wadume’s Trial: Matters Arising
ON March 16, Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued an order compelling the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Burutai, to produce in court, the 10 soldiers who allegedly killed three policemen in their bid to effect the escape of millionaire kidnapping kingpin, Bala Hamisu, alias Wadume… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.