AGAINST the backdrop of a reduction in emergency surgeries in children by 31 per cent in March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, experts have called for consensus guidelines for emergency services and protocols for handling backlog of elective surgeries in children once the pandemic recedes. In a new study, researchers found out that 92 per cent of both public and private tertiary health institutions had stopped elective surgeries to minimise contact with potential carriers of the virus and also to conserve resources. According to the survey, there was a steady decline in the average number of elective surgeries done from 25 per cent to 10 per cent between November 2019 and March 2020. The survey of pediatric surgeons to access the early impact of COVID-19 pandemic on pediatric surgical practice in Nigeria involved Dr Ibukunolu O. Ogundele at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital, Sagamu in collaboration with Drs Felix M. Alakaloko, Collins C. Nwokoro and Emmanuel A. Ameh. The survey, which assessed the early effects of the COVD-19 pandemic on children’s surgery, indicated that 40 per cent of the centres suspended their elective surgeries less than two weeks prior to the survey in April. In addition, 52 per cent of the centres stopped a month earlier and eight per cent had suspended their elective list for over a month. The survey had included 120 pediatric surgeons (consultants and senior registrars) practising in 50 hospitals that offer surgeries for children across the country. Eleven (22 per cent) centres reported at least one of the elective cases suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic presenting as an emergency in March. According to the survey, almost 20 per cent of these centres had adopted new non-operative modalities for managing selected emergency surgical conditions during the period. Despite the low incidence of COVID-19 in children, about half of pediatric surgeons in the survey feel unsafe operating on patients during this period and more are unwilling to operate on confirmed COVID-19 patients. Many centres recorded a low perception of the adequacy of personal protective equipment (PPE) for theatre staff both at the time of the survey and at three months afterwards even as 77 per cent agreed to a need for pediatric surgeons to have additional training in the management of surgical patients during epidemics. Forty (80 per cent) centres do not offer hospital powered telemedicine services for patients’ follow-up despite lockdown on outpatient clinics. The researchers declared that while the direct health impact of pandemics can be catastrophic, the indirect impact is driven by depletion of resources and reduced access to routine care, thereby leading to a further increase in morbidity and mortality in children.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Reps Approve $22.799bn External Loan, Revised 2020-2022 MTEF-FSP Amidst Protest
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved Federal Government’s request to borrow $22.799 billion external loan and the revised Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Policy Paper (FSP), as South-East lawmakers protested exclusion from the new borrowing plan… Read full story We Have Not Relaxed Ban On Religious Activities, 8pm To 5am Curfew Still In Force, Says Oyo Govt
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, headed by Governor Seyi Makinde, stated on Tuesday that it was yet to relax the ban on religious activities and the curfew imposed as a result of the pandemic. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the Task Force made its… Read full story I Expect Police To Bring UNIBEN Student’s Killers To Justice Quickly, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Uwaila Omozuwa, the University of Benin undergraduate who was raped and later died last week, saying he expected the Nigerian Police to speedily investigate the case and ensure the culprits are brought to justice… Read full story Again, PDP Calls For N70 Pump Price Rate •Rejects Announced N121 per litre
The Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has again called on the Federal Government to review the fuel pump price rate to N70 per litre to reflect global oil price reality. According to the party, any rate higher than this would amount to shortchanging Nigerians and urged that national assembly to compel the… Read full story Churches, Mosques Services To Last For 1 Hour ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic has said that regular services in churches and mosques will be restricted to a maximum of one hour to minimize contact among worshippers. The National Coordinator of the task force, Dr Sani Aliyu, said this on Tuesday while giving clarification on the lifting of… Read full story Re-Election: I’ll Stand Solidly By You, Buhari Tells Adesina
President Muhammadu Buhari has thrown his weight behind Dr Akinwumi Adesina in his bid to get re-elected as President of the African Development Bank (AfDB). He made the declaration at the presidential villa, Abuja, on Tuesday, while hosting Dr Adesina on a courtesy visit… Read full story Don’t Open Places Of Worship Yet, Sheikh Gummi Tells FG
Popular Islamic scholar, Sheikh Ahmed Gummi has kicked against the reopening of places of worship by the Federal Government. Tribune Online reports that the Presidential Task Force had earlier stated on Monday that the Federal Government had approved the easing of places of worship… Read full story Schools’ Resumption: Lagos Plans Staggered Classes
The Lagos State government has said part of its plans and considerations to reopen schools which are shut is to maintain staggered classes for students. Recall that schools have been shut down since March because of the coronavirus pandemic in the country… Read full story 8 Fresh Cases Of Ebola Confirmed In DRC ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO) Regional Office for Africa has confirmed eight fresh cases of Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The UN’s health agency confirmed the development in a statement posted on its website… Read full story Thieves Tunnel Into Shoprite, Steal Drinks Worth R300,000
A Shoprite LiquorShop at the Newtown Junction shopping centre in Johannesburg has been robbed in bizarre fashion by thieves who tunnelled through a solid concrete floor to gain access, News24 reports. Tribune Online reports that the robbery took place while the shop was closed due to the COVID-19 lockdown while… Read full story Satellite Cable: Reps Begin Probe Of Non-Implementation Of Pay-As-You-Go Package
Chairman, House of Representatives’ Ad-hoc Committee investigating the non-implementation of the pay-as-you-go package by satellite providers in the country, Hon. Unyime Idem, on Tuesday, assured Nigerians of justice. Hon. Idem who gave the assurance while giving an update on the closed-door meeting held after the… Read full story Expect Your Two Months Salary Arrears Within 72 Hours, Minister Assures N-Power Monitors
The Federal Government, on Tuesday, assured all the accredited monitors of the N-Power scheme of its readiness to pay the outstanding two-month salaries within the next 72 hours. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq, who gave the assurance via… Read full story Court Orders Immediate Release Of Orji Uzor Kalu From Prison
A Federal High Court in Lagos has ordered the immediate release of former governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu from the Kuje correctional centre in Abuja. Justice Mohammed Liman gave the order after listening to an application filed by Senator Kalu seeking to set aside the conviction of December… Read full story $10m Bribery Scandal: Reps Ask Security Agencies To Investigate CUPP Spokesman
The House of Representatives on Tuesday resolved to refer the $10 million bribery allegations levelled against the House of Representatives to the appropriate security agencies for criminal investigation and activate processes for requisite redress against the spokesman of the Coalition of Political Parties… Read full story Reps Task FG On Adequate Preparation For Post-Oil Economy In Nigeria
The House of Representatives on Tuesday admonished Federal Government on the need to direct its energy, resources and focus on how to diversify the economy from dependence on oil to avert the looming economic implosion. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!