There is a growing trend now in marriage: husbands discovering that some, or most or all of their children are products of extra marital affairs. Through infidelity, the wives conceived and gave birth to children, hiding the paternity of these children from their husbands. The usual trend in marriage used to be the other way round: husbands having children outside the marriage. But the tide is changing, and fast too. In most cases, such victim husbands only get to discover after many years of raising such children as the biological fathers. Whatever led to such discovery is really immaterial. The truth is that at the point of discovery, it is always a case of “the chicken had come home to roost.” The cat being let out of the bag, there is no place to hide anymore, for the wives. When this happens, it is always heart -breaking for such husbands, who, over the years had been training the children as their own. Is it the physical and emotional attachment, or financial responsibility that will be considered? The sea of consideration is so wide that, if care is not taking, such husbands can run berserk, and in fact, in some cases, such scenario actually played out. We have had cases where the husbands killed such wives; some killed both the wives and the children; others simply killed every member of the family, including themselves. With the grave consequences of this evil trend in marriage, I believe no effort should be spared in addressing the situation, in order to eradicate it, or ensure it becomes a rare exception. Efforts to be made therefore should be in the following direction:  I strongly believe that addressing the issue of children from infidelity by wives is worth the efforts, in order to prevent lives that are lost on its account. Also emotional distress of children that might be caught in the crossfire of the situation would have been taken care of. Wives who cannot afford to stay out of infidelity should always brace up to expose the resultant children rather than waiting for the husbands to discover. At least, it will save the husbands the financial and emotional responsibility of raising such children as their own. The trauma of which can be killing. My book, enjoying great sex life is still on sale. Call 08112658560 for details.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.