The Oyo State House of Assembly has agreed with stakeholders in the state that offences bordering on infringement on the rights of children will no longer be tolerated in the state as every offender in whatever guise, will be made to face the law. The Speaker of the House, Right Honourable Debo Ogundoyin made this known while speaking at the annual stakeholder’s Conference organised by the Justice Development and Peace Commission (JDPC), adding that the house is working on some laws that will protect victims and enhance prosecution of offenders in the state. The Speaker, represented by Honourable Olawunmi Oladeji said murder cases will no longer be a bailable offence in the state as violence against person prohibition law is on the way, noting that the eighth and ninth Assembly under her leadership as the Chairman, House Committee on Women Affairs have passed the Child Law 2006 and the Violence against Women Law of 2016. She explained that under the law, rapists will be given the death penalty or life imprisonment at the discretion of the court. Also speaking, the representative of Reverend Father Ezekiel Owoeye, the JPDC director, Mr Ayorinde Olanipekun, said the effect of Covid-19 on child labour and other child rights violations must be critically looked into and solutions must be given in order to have a better society. ALSO READ: Shock as Senator Shehu Sani’s neighbour died from coronavirus complications One of the speakers at the event, the former Zonal Director of NAPTIP, Mr Joseph Famakin called on parents to protect their children against all forms of abuse, stating that 16 states are yet to pass the child’s Right Law due to religious and cultural reasons in Nigeria, expressing the belief that the Presidency will make efforts to ensure that every state in the country will domesticate the child’s Right Law to protect children and most importantly the girl children. At the end of the meeting, stakeholders noted that the problem of child labour and all forms of exploitation of children results from family and societal neglect and lack of implementation of available laws. They agreed that there must be a holistic approach with collective responses of all stakeholders and at all levels, including the family, community and the government. Further, they agreed that the menace of child labour, child sexual abuse, insecurity and killings can only be curbed by social protection and recommended that to facilitate the enforcement and implementation of legal framework against child trafficking, labour and violence, cases must be reported and followed through. They further asked for the inclusion of child rights law and sex education into the school curriculum, domestication of more family courts to prosecute offenders of child rights and abuse and stiffer punishments for offenders, re-introduction of Children’s Parliament to enforce the content of Childs Rights Law of Oyo State 2006, creation of Oyo State Child Protection Policy and immediate activation of Amotekun among others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.