The Delta State Secretary to the State Government and Commissioner for information, Mr Chiedu Ebie and Mr Charles Aniagwu have tested positive for COVID-19. The Chief Press Secretary to Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, made the disclosure on Sunday in a statement in Asaba. The state, as of Saturday night, recorded 83 fresh cases with a total of 360 COVID-19 confirmed cases so far. Ifeajika said both officials showed mild symptoms of COVID-19 virus and consequently subjected themselves to the test. He said that both men had been moved to a COVID-19 isolation centre and are stable, and responding well to treatment. ALSO READ: (PHOTOS): Traffic gridlock on Kara Bridge as three tankers go up in flames Ifeajika called on residents of the state to adhere strictly to the COVID-19 protocols as anyone, irrespective of status could contract the virus. “Let me advise all Deltans to, as a matter of top priority, always obey the COVID-19 protocols, which have been in the public domain, so as to curb further spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. “The fresh cases in our hands in Delta further testifies to the fact that COVID-19 is not a scam. It is real and people should take the issues of the virus and personal hygiene seriously. “COVID-19 is not a death sentence; so, when you begin to feel unwell, reach out to approved government hospitals for appropriate tests to be carried out. “We can save ourselves and others from the COVID-19 virus if we obey all the protocols of wearing face masks, regular washing of hands in running water, use of alcohol-based sanitisers and maintaining physical-distancing while congregating in any form. “All our hospitals and isolation centres across the state are on 24 hours alert to receive any case(s) of the COVID-19 or other health challenges,” he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!