Disturbed by the incessant killings in the North, the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has concluded arrangements to stage a protest on Tuesday. This was contained in a statement issued to newsmen in Kaduna on Sunday and signed by the spokesman of the group, Abdulazeez Suleiman. Advancing reasons for the protest, CNG noted that over the last three weeks the escalation of killings and destruction in most of the Northern states had accentuated region-wide tensions. It observed that the rise in the spate of violence and bloodshed in Katsina, Borno, Taraba, Sokoto, Kaduna, Zamfara and several other northern communities has become a major trying point for everyone – who has remained detached from the reality. “As a result, at this time of national reckoning, the entire administration seems out of tune with much, if not all, of the rest of the Nigerian population, necessitating a general opinion shift so fast and deeply. “The consequences of the events of the last few weeks have, therefore, grown politically, economically, and socially too great to be ignored by any genuine northern stakeholders. “The administration’s various attempts to reassert public confidence with repeated rhetoric of being on top of the situation, seems increasingly discordant as the violent attacks, killings, kidnaps and looting become more regular with calls to protest becoming overwhelmingly loud and widespread.” The statement noted that it was based on these developments that CNG felt it owed it a duty to bring all stakeholders to stage a protest, adding that the protest will start from Katsina, being the epicentre of killings in the region, on June 16, 2020. ALSO READ: Northern Elders Forum mere irritant, featherweight ― Presidency It stated that on June 20, 2020, the protest will be staged simultaneously in all the other states. The statement called on citizens of a state who feel obliged to voluntarily stick green leaves on their vehicles or places of business in solidarity as they go about their peaceful normal routines. “Recognised participants shall be required to observe public health instructions by wearing facemasks in addition to a blue cloth wristbands for identification and avoidance of undue infiltration. “The progress, impact and government response to this first phase shall be monitored and carefully assessed before deciding on the next line of action. “For the avoidance of doubt, the CNG stresses here that the protests are absolutely meant to the peaceful exercise of citizens’ constitutional rights, to draw the attention of President Buhari and all levels of authority to the plight of people of the North. “We urge all participants, other sympathisers, to conduct themselves in a peaceful and responsible manner throughout. “We also urge governments and security outfits to respect the constitutional rights of citizens to express their opinions peacefully.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock
MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC
A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock
THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!