Mr Vital Kamerhe, the Chief of Staff to Congo President Felix Tshisekedi, has been sentenced to 20 years of forced labour on Saturday for the embezzlement of more than 50 million dollars. The funds were pilfered from contracts meant to buy prefabricated homes for police and the military. The landmark judgement was the first time since independence that judges in Congo found a serving cabinet member guilty of corruption. Kamerhe was the Chief of Staff to Tshisekedi until his arrest on April 8. He was widely believed to become the president’s successor. As Tshisekedi’s senior aide, Kamerhe supervised the public contracts. At a hearing held in a fairground in the capital Kinshasa, Kamerhe was found guilty along with two other defendants. All three were ordered to pay the state 150 million dollars in damages. Another official in the presidency, Jeannot Muhima, was also sentenced to two years of forced labour. Muhima, who oversaw imports, was found guilty of embezzling more than one million dollars, intended for customs clearance of the prefabricated homes. Sammal Jamih, the Managing Director of the contracted company Samibo Congo, was found guilty of money laundering and embezzling the state funds meant to finance the purchase of prefabricated homes. Jamih, a Lebanese national, was ordered to repay an additional 20 million dollars, twice the amount he was found guilty of money laundering. Judge Pierrot Bakenge described the government contract linked to the embezzlement as “imaginary,” adding that contract did in effect not exist. The state also seized Kamerhe’s property, as well as property belonging to his wife and daughter-in-law, who are accused of benefiting from the corruption. Kamerhe’s lawyer Jean-Marie Kabengela said he will appeal the “unfair” ruling because “the judges have not proven how Kamerhe embezzled the funds.” (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!