Governor Mohammed Badaru of Jigawa State on Saturday announced the immediate reopening of the state borders with other states which were initially shut on March 24 because of coronavirus pandemic. The governor, who made the announcement at a news conference in Dutse, also said that movement from other states to Jigawa would now be allowed under strict compliance with COVID-19 protocols. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the reopening of the borders came a week after the state government reopened all weekly markets in the state which were shut nine weeks ago. NAN reports that 307 of the 317 COVID-19 patients in the state have been discharged while one is still being treated and nine have died. “We are full of prayers not to retreat back to those anxious and uncertain moments of the past. “We have only one active coronavirus patient with the disease while the remaining in the isolation centre have recovered and have been discharged. “We also thank God that in the last four days, there has been no reported case of COVID-19 in the state. With ardent prayers and support of the Jigawa people, we are determined to sustain the tempo,” Badaru said. The governor, however, said the state had closed the Fanisau Isolation Centre temporarily, pending when a new case of the disease was recorded. The governor, however, said that schools would remain closed in the state, pending when the situation of coronavirus pandemic improved in the country. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story Gender-Based Violence, Rape Dent On Our Collective Humanity, Dignity —Osinbajo
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo says gender-based violence, rape and sexual assaults are blemishes on the collective humanity and dignity of Nigerians as a people and a nation. Osinbajo expressed his displeasure on Friday in Abuja while addressing a virtual meeting of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), on the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!