Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor. The state government, on Saturday, however, denied the accusation, saying, that it has given the necessary support to the  Ajimobi family for the former governor to be interred at his Oluyole residence. According to sources close to the family, “the burial of former governor had been delayed by what the family alleged as  “impediments placed by the state government to the burial plans by the family.” A close source of the late acting chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) disclosed that the family had made plans for the burial the day after the death of their patriarch and was said to have got in touch with the state government for necessary burial approval but alleged that the family rebuffed. “The government official that the family got in touch with said he could not take action on the matter without approval from the governor, Mr Seyi Makinde. The official also informed us that it has been difficult to pin down the governor for the approval”, the source said. The source revealed that when the family was able to inform Governor Makinde of the burial plans in line with the laws of the land eventually, the governor completely refused to approve the family choice of the late Ajimobi’s burial site  Sunday Tribune gathered that the family’s choice location to bury the former governor is the building located at the  Government Residential Area (GRA), Agodi, whose title deeds the state government said it had revoked over issues pertaining to rights to the land. In a statement released on Saturday, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, disclosed that the state government was willing to grant a waiver to the family for Senator Ajimobi to be buried at his Oluyole residence, but the family insisted on the Agodi GRA. “The rumour, which is being spread to give the state government a bad name and to play undue politics with the dead,  initially came by the way of social media gossip, which gained traction to attract the attention of traditional media outfits. “The truth of the matter is that the family, through a proxy, approached the state government and sought approval to bury the late governor on a plot of land at Agodi GRA, which is currently under litigation. “Incidentally, it was the same former Governor Ajimobi who instituted the legal action. “Governor Seyi Makinde had no choice than to state the facts as they are to the emissaries and turn down the request. “Governor Makinde, however, against the established land use rule in Oyo State, gave approval that the family can bury the late governor in his Oluyole Estate residence. “It is to be noted that the rules guiding land use in Government Reservation Areas (GRA) forbid the burial of bodies in such locations as Oluyole Estate and Agodi GRA. “Let us also put  on record that whereas the family did not follow the laid down protocols in passing information on the sickness and eventual demise of Senator Ajimobi, Governor Makinde overlooked all that and directed the full cooperation of the government with the family on this matter. “It can only amount to a wicked lie to insinuate that the incumbent government in Oyo State attempted to obstruct the  burial of the immediate past governor.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.