A member of the Kogi State House of Assembly, representing Ibaji State Constituency, Hon. John Abbah is dead. Abbah died on Wednesday in an Abuja hospital after a protracted illness. He was a second-term member of the state House of Assembly. During his first term, he was a member of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and later joined the All Progressive Congress (APC) under which he contested for the second term as a member of the house. Meanwhile, Governor Yahaya Bello has expressed sadness over the death of Hon. John Abbah who represented Ibaji Constituency at the state assembly. Bello in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammed in Lokoja on Wednesday described the late Abbah as a loyal and dedicated stalwart of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state whose contributions to the stability and growth of the party remain overwhelming. He said the late Abbah was a seasoned and thoroughbred lawmaker who contributed immensely to the overall development of his constituency and the state as a whole through his various people-oriented bills and motions. ALSO READ: Ondo Assembly denies plot to impeach deputy governor The governor mentioned that Abbah played a significant role in the harmonious relationships that have existed between the executive and the legislative arm of the state. He said the state would miss his wealth of experience and contributions to the growth of the legislative arm of the state. Bello condoles the immediate family of the late lawmaker, Kogi Assembly Speaker, members of the state assembly and the people of Ibaji Constituency over the loss. He prayed God to grant the soul of the deceased eternal rest and fortitude for his family to bear the irreparable loss. Governor Bello also extended his condolence message to the deputy majority leader, Kogi State House of Assembly, Hon Abdullahi Balogun over the death of his father, Alhaji Hassan Balogun. The governor described late Hassan Balogun as a man of wisdom whose wealth of experience and truthful advice will be greatly missed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicating the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say we’re locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.