The Minister of State for Education, Hon. Chukwuemaka Nwajiuba has hinted that the Federal Government will formally unveil the plans for the reopening of schools on Monday next week after the adoption of the proposal by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and approved by President Muhammadu Buhari. Nwajiuba gave the indication on Thursday during PTF news briefing in Abuja, where he also debunked a media report credited to him that coronavirus pandemic was a sham and that the virus did not exist in Nigeria. While insisting that COVID-19 is real, Nwajiuba maintained that he was quoted out of context by the reporter during his appearance before the Senate Committee on Basic and Secondary Education, to present the Ministry’s proposal on the reopening of schools. He disclosed that the Federal Ministry of Education has developed a proposal for the reopening of schools based on the advice of members of PTF and that the proposal would be further x-rayed by the committee before submission to President Muhammadu Buhari for approval. ALSO READ: VIDEO: Day Ajimobi clapped for NCDC for their efforts against COVID-19 He said when this was done the plan for the reopening of schools would be formally announced on Monday next during the daily PTF briefing. The Minister said: “Some of our brothers published something yesterday to the effect that I told him or them that coronavirus is a sham. “I must address and tell you all that no such thing transpired. Coronavirus is real and we have been meeting over this and working to strengthen our response to the pandemic. “I recognise that someone who is in the Federal Ministry of Education that all our Intelligence Quotient (IQ) are not at the same level. So, some people may have a different perception of what I said- maybe a lot of grammar that was not assimilated properly,” he said. The Minister said even though has excused the authors of the purported story, there was the need to clarify on what he said at the meeting with the Senate Committee. He said part of reasons why “we are keeping our children at home stems from the fact that you can’t see coronavirus with your physical eyes, so you may not know if a child is asymptomatic and if he or she so does, he or she goes back and infect another person, there is no way for us to guarantee their safety. “Besides, we did a perception survey and we know that 80 per cent of the responses we got from around the country from parents showed that they were not willing to experiment with any of their children, to test whether it will work or not. “But I can assure you that all the measures we have taken are guided by members of the PTF assembled by President Muhammadu Buhari to give a scientific background that is governed by data and science to the decisions to be made. “I’m sure that some of the work we have done has taken some advice from them would be reported next week. Because now we have sufficient information to make some decisions and those decisions would be first of all x-rayed and presented by PTF upward. “When we are cleared with them, we can come here maybe by Monday and say what exactly we are planning. But until then, kindly abide by what you have been told by this committee that people should stay at home, keep our children safe for you and for me. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.