When it comes to achievements and impact on the Nigerian music scene and beyond, not many can rival the portfolio of iconic musician, D’banj who is less popular as Oladapo Oyebanjo. From breaking away from Don Jazzy’s Mohits to floating a solo career, the Kokomaster as many him has had his fair share of the good and bad sides of fame. When the singer lost his son, who got drowned in a pool two years ago, many feared his career was over as he would later reveal that it was a dark moment for not just his family, but career. Having shrugged off the toga of bereavement, D’banj and his wife welcomed another child last year and it seemed the singer’s career returned to the fore front where it had always been. The award-winning musician and entertainer who celebrates 40 years in age has had a glittering career with plaques home and abroad, mega endorsement deals and a cult following to mention, but a few to show for it. Kokomaster, who is regarded by fans and music lovers alike as one of the pioneers of modern hip-hop, has no less than four studio albums to his credit and in an interview with Joey Akan monitored by Tribuneonline spoke on his journey to stardom and the challenge of sustaining the limelight. On the defining moment of his career, the Fall in love crooner, whose peak period is put by critics to be between mid-2000s and early 2010s, gave credit to a former member of the defunct group, Plantashun Boiz, for keeping him going when it was tough. “There was a show at Maryland. And the biggest artists that came to perform were Olu Maintain and Plantashun Boiz, and I played ‘Redemption Song’ with my mouth organ. “Faze saw me and just held me. And he said ‘hey, you’re the one that played that harmonica right? That’s a spiritual instrument. Hold it, it’s very good. Let me give you something.’ I think he gave me like 500 naira. I wanted to die. See ehn, now that day was pivotal for me. That day, I got the hope I needed in my life, and so I just went on about it.” Many regard ‘The Entertainer’ album as one which cemented D’banj’s legacy as a musical great and further elevated the growing stature of African music and the artiste agrees that it is one of the biggest all-round albums that the trend for Africa. “The ‘Entertainer’ album is probably one of the biggest albums that set the trend for Africa generally to have a body of work. Having it is like having Michael Jackson’s ‘Thriller’ album. “And the way everything was arranged, we had the one that would attend to love: ‘Fall in Love.’ We had the one that’d attend to the church ‘Olorun Maje.’ We had the one that attended to the Igbo people, Igwe.’ And then you had ‘Mo Gbono Feli Feli’ that attended to the youths,” D’banj added. The artiste also revealed that he had a collaboration with Femi Kuti in the offing and fans should expect an Afrobeat classic as he looks forward to another decade. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story Growing Hunger Amidst COVID-19-Induced Inflation, Fallen Income In Nigeria
James Oghene, a middle-aged man with two kids is a chef in one of the popular fast foods based in Surulere Lagos. Every day, Mr Oghene spends an average of N1,000 from his Ejigbo residence to and from work, but since February, he has not received a salary. Neighbours are already gossiping about his wife’s weight loss due to… Read full story 2020 UTME: JAMB Holds Policy Meeting On Cut-Off Point June 16 • Says candidates can now print their result notification
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has scheduled to hold the 2020 policy meeting on June 16, 2020, to determine cut-off points for admissions into all tertiary institutions in the country. Tribune Online reports that the Policy Meeting is to be chaired by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu with… Read full story The Making Of Great Companies
No company ever starts out with the intention of failing. Every company hopes to become so great and successful that not only will it yield heart-warming returns to its owners, but will also become a standard for others. But neither greatness nor success responds to wishes; they are a result of doing what is right consistently… Read full story 7 Important Tips For New Leaders
As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place… Read full story Success Of Nigerian Troops, Product Of Buhari’s Knowledge Of War ― Tsav
Recent series of successes recorded by the Nigerian Armed Forces in the fight against terrorism and insurgency have been made possible by President Muhammadu Buhari’s deep knowledge and experience in asymmetric warfare, former Lagos State commissioner of police, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav has said… Read full story Lagos Govt Tasks Supreme Court On Legality Of Virtual Court Hearings
The Lagos State Government has tasked the Supreme Court on the constitutionality of virtual court hearings. Tribune Online reports that Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) and the National Assembly are the respondents in the suit… Read full story Appeal Court President: Buhari Not A Rubber Stamp, Says Presidency
The presidency has dismissed pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Justice Monica S. Dongban-Mensem as President of the Court of Appeal, saying that the president cannot be a rubber stamp in making judicial and other appointments… Read full story There Are Moles In My Government, Umahi Says
Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has openly acknowledged the existence of moles in his government but insisted that his administration had nothing to hide. Tribune Online reports that Umahi’s position is contained in a social media comment posted on Sunday… Read full story Kaduna Disowns Document In Circulation, Says Lockdown Remains
The Kaduna State Government has disowned a document that has been making the rounds, stating that the Quarantine Law has been reviewed and that a 12-hour lockdown is now in place. The fake document claimed that the lockdown is now from 6pm to 6am, and that interstate travel remains banned… Read full story The Killing Of George Floyd
THE death of George Floyd, a 46-year-old African-American in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, in the hands of a team of four white police officers has yet again left dark clouds around the issues of racial equality and justice on the one hand, and concerns about racially charged police brutality and justice in the United States… Read full story