Veteran musician, Bongos Ikwue, who is famous for his hit evergreen song, ‘Still Searching’ and ‘Cock Crow at Dawn’ on Wednesday, denied ever having an affair with the wife of former military President Ibrahim Babangida, late Maryam Babangida, saying he saw her once in her lifetime. Speaking on a Channels Television programme on Wednesday, Bongos Ikwue, who is now 76, said contrary to speculations in many circles that he dated and even married Maryam Babangida before the woman eventually abandoned him to marry General Babangida, nothing like that happened, saying he only met the woman once. According to him, “I am always amused when people said I sang the song ‘Mariama’ due to my relationship with Maryam (Babangida). It is a false speculation. I wrote the song without anyone in mind. I only saw Mrs Maryam Babangida once in her lifetime. I never dated her not to talk of marrying her. I don’t know where those who were behing it got that from.” According to Bongos Ikwue, he was able to meet Mrs Maryam Babangida when he was invited by the former president to perform at an important function in Abuja. He added that though he felt uneasy over the report of his non-existent marriage to the woman which he said he heard many times, but after he performed at the event, the former president and his wife exchanged pleasantries with him. He added that this was the first time he ever saw Mrs Babangida. On his evergreen songs, including Cock Crow At Dawn, Mariama, Still Searching, Amen, among others, Ikwe, who is from Otukpo, Benue State, said he was paid handsomely by the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) for singing the theme song of the Cock Crow At Dawn, a soap opera of the television station in the 80s. He added that he was still smiling to the bank over royalty of the other songs, but added that he no longer sings at occasions due to an undisclosed ailment he suffered from recently. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE