The leadership of the National Association of Government General Medical And Dental Practitioners (NAGGMDP) has said its members will begin an indefinite strike by midnight of Wednesday. This is contained in a communique made available to newsmen by the secretary of the association, Dr Tunde Olasakinju, on Tuesday in Akure after its congress which deliberated on immediate concerns of its members. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the association had given the state government a 14-day ultimatum which elapsed on June 17, and was extended by extra five days. Olasakinju said that the association had also written several letters and communique in the past months to the government over issues affecting its members with no response from the government. “The State Government has deliberately failed to conclude negotiations on the erstwhile suspended minimum wage and consequential adjustments already enjoyed by the non-medical staff since January 2020. “To our dismay and utter disappointment, as high as 2.5 per cent of our members’ meagre consolidated basic salaries were deducted in May. “That the Special COVID-19 hazard and risk allowance approved for our members that should have commenced from May, which was to serve as a morale booster to our members working assiduously to fight against the spread of the deadly virus, has not been paid. “And that our highly spirited and dedicated members have not been captured in the implementation of the previously negotiated and Federal Government – approved skipping for doctors,” the communique stated. The communique also stated that the decision was made due to inadequate supply of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to most of its members and with six of them testing positive for COVID-19. It added that one week exemption would be given to its members treating coronavirus patients. Olasakinju said that the association would give a grace of 48 hours within which the government could still meet its demands before its members would withdrawal their services in the state. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.