The Advocates of Social Justice for All (ASJA) has raised an alarm over a plot to blackmail Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Farouq, on the proposed Batch-C of the N-Power scheme. According to the group, there is a frantic attempt, to discredit the minister’s efforts as it has done against President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration despite obviously providing employment opportunities for Nigerian youths. The Federal Government officially opened the portal for interested applicants into June 2020 Batch C of the N-Power social investment scheme, on Friday, midnight. Recall that Batch A started in September 2016 while Batch B kicked off in August 2018. Just as thousands of young Nigerians kept vigil to commence registration, a media platform alleged that the exercise had already been hijacked. Contrary to rumours, however, hundreds testified to seamless enrollment, trooping to social media to shower praises on the honourable minister. And in a statement signed by its National President, Comrade Timothy Tiza, on Saturday in Abuja, ASJA said this is another plot by rumour-mongers to dent Hajiya Sadiya’s well-known history of transparency and accountability. The group revealed that the aim is to ultimately make the minister bow to pressure mounted by some despicable elements that are envious of the strides recorded in her ministry. The Advocates of Social Justice for All, therefore, rubbished the claim labelling it as blackmail attempt and a coup against democracy in Nigeria. While calling on Nigerians to ignore the reports it, however, advised those peddling rumours online to turn a new leaf and be guided by the journalism creed that emphasises accuracy and fairness. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story Heartburn While Lying Down
Heartburn occurs as a result of food and acid leaking from the stomach up into the food pipe, or esophagus. Common causes of heartburn while lying down include, consuming particular foods, eating too close to bedtime, and taking certain prescription medications. Heartburn while lying down may also be a sign of… Read Full story Kidnap: Gunmen Abduct Nine Passengers In Ondo
Gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen on Friday evening abducted nine passengers aboard an Abuja bound vehicle. The driver of the Sienna Toyota bus heading to Abuja from Lagos was stopped by the gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen in Isua Akoko in Akoko Northeast Local Government Area of Ondo state… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.