The Lagos State Government on Wednesday marked two new buildings for demolition within the vicinity where a single-storey building collapsed on Tuesday. The notice, which was served by the Lagos State Building Control Agency, also gave the occupants of the building two days within which to vacate the premises. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the building at Ijaye Bus Stop in Alagbado on Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway collapsed on Tuesday with many of the occupants trapped in the rubbles. The building, mostly occupied by traders who deal on building materials, was said to have collapsed at about 3.30 p.m. NAN gathered that nobody died in the collapsed building, but only a pregnant woman was injured as she jumped to safety. ALSO READ: We thank President Buhari for not forgetting us ― Sultan of Sokoto It was learnt that the woman, who bled profusely, was recuperating at the General Hospital, Ile Epo in Oke Odo Local Council Development Area. An official of the agency, who preferred anonymity, told NAN that the buildings had no development permit. The official added that uncompleted building in the premises would be demolished later in the day. According to the official, the other two buildings within the collapsed building would be demolished at the end of the expiration of the two-day notice. The notice read in parts: “Upon inspection of the property at the above address, it appears the provisions of the agency regulations made in pursuant to the Urban Regional Planning and Development Law, 2010 had been contravened. “If you dispute the above contravention, you are requested to bring all documents in support of your case, including the building development permit, to the undersigned within 24 hours of the service of this notice… “Or the other buildings would be demolished within 48 hours.” The building, said to have been built and completed in the last four months, was officially declared open on Monday. Some of the occupants were full of praises to God that no one died in the incident, except for their wares that were trapped in the rubbles. One of them, who simply identified himself as Qasim, told NAN that they were particularly happy that the pregnant woman survived. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Names Ajimobi Acting Chairman
The National Working Committee (NWC) of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), on Tuesday, announced Senator Abiola Ajimobi as its acting National Chairman. This followed affirmation of the suspension of National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole, by an Appeal Court… Read Full Story FG Threatens To Sack Striking Doctors As Meeting Ends In Deadlock
Following the failure of the marathon meeting between the Federal Government and the doctors under the auspices of National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) to reach a compromise, the government on Tuesday threatened to sack all striking doctors who fail to report to work on Wednesday… Read Full Story I’ll Protect Children Against Sexual Violence ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has pledged the commitment of the government to protect children from sexual violence, domestic abuse and exploitation as Nigeria join the international community to celebrate the Day of the African Child… Read Full Story Osinbajo’s Committee Did Not Call For Suspension Of NYSC ― Laolu Akande
Contrary to reports circulating in the mainstream media, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo did not call for the suspension of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Tribune Online reports. Osinbajo’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Laolu Akande, made this known on Tuesday on Twitter… Read Full Story Attempt To Link Me With Naira Marley’s Flight Ridiculous ― Fashola
The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola on Tuesday described as ridiculous, attempts to link him with a flight that conveyed hip-hop star, Azeez Fashola is popularly known as Naira Marley, to Abuja for a concert last… Read Full Story Nigeria Lost N27.5bn To Oil Pipeline Vandalism In 2018 ― Audit Report
The newly published oil and gas 2018 audit report has revealed that a total of N27.551billion was lost to pipeline vandalism within the year. It stated that a total of 1,894 breaks were recorded with a loss of 204,397.07 cubic metres of crude product… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints 12 New Permanent Secretaries
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of 12 new permanent secretaries in the federal civil service. The new permanent secretaries are Akinlade Oluwatoyin (Kogi), Alkali Bashir Nura (Kano), Anyanwutaku Adaora lfeoma (Anambra), Ardo Babayo Kumo (Gombe), Belgore Shuaib Mohammad Lamido… Read Full Story US Government Declares Six Nigerians Wanted Over Internet-Related Crimes
The US government, on Tuesday, declared wanted six Nigerians who are currently on the run after they were indicted and charged for internet-related crimes. According to the US Department of Justice, the six Nigerians were indicted by both the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the US Attorney’s Office in… Read Full Story Edo 2020: Shape Of Things To Come
It is increasingly becoming well-defined some key factors that are bound to shape the 2020 governorship election in Edo State. With the main combatants not ready to yield ground on their individual and class interests, ongoing alliances and realignments of forces come in another scene in the script being acted by the… Read Full Story Boko Haram’s Ceaseless Killings
LAST week, Boko Haram reportedly attacked Faduma Kolomaiya community in Gubio Local Government Area of Borno State, killing 81 persons. Residents told Governor Babagana Zulum during a condolence visit to the area that the village head and six other persons were abducted by the marauding terrorists… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. You will be paid daily.
click here link to be part of it.