Ahead of the 2020 governorship election in Ondo State, the State Council of Traditional rulers on Thursday, threw their weight behind the second term aspiration of the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, saying “the governor has performed beyond expectations.” The first-class monarchs in the state said the endorsement became necessary to appreciate Akeredolu’s dedication and hard work in the three and half years of his stewardship in the state. The traditional rulers said the endorsement is also to encourage him to work more towards the development of the state. Speaking on behalf of the traditional rulers, the Chairman of the group and the paramount ruler of Ugbo Kingdom, Oba Frederick Obateru Akinruntan, the Olugbo of Ugbo, said Akeredolu has done well in the state and deserves a second term. According to him, those who are planning to contest against the governor are wasting their time and resources, saying there was no need for heating up the polity when the incumbent governor has performed creditably well. He said “We have not done this for any governor before. These are the Obas from the 18 local government areas of the state. We have set up a Senatorial committee to work for the Governor. “Those who are contesting with the Governor are wasting their time and resources. They should wait for him for another four years and let Akeredolu finish his second term. “We looked at the things he has done. Look at the roads in Akure. In Okitipupa, in Akoko. We have three senatorial districts. ALSO READ: NYSC refutes plans to reopen orientation camps “On the 10th of July, we are coming here for a meeting to talk about how Akeredolu will emerge. He will complete his 8 years in office. “ Also speaking, the Olubaka of Oka, Oba (Dr) Yusuf Adebori Adeleye, said traditional rulers across the state have taken time to access the various life-changing interventions of the Akeredolu administration in the northern senatorial district and other areas across the state. Oba Adeleye said the multiplier effects of road infrastructures both completed and ongoing across the northern senatorial district, remodelling of schools, bringing quality Healthcare to the people and the monumental efforts at the Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko is unprecedented. Also speaking on behalf of his fellow Obas in the south senatorial district, the Abodi of Ikale, Oba Babatunde Faduyile said the resolve to support Akeredolu for a second term in office as governor of Ondo State is well-thought-out in the interest of the people of his people and the state in general. The royal father said with leans resources, Akeredolu is bringing development to the doorsteps of his people at a pace less expected, adding that the southern senatorial district cannot afford a truncation of the various laudable projects in the works for the area. The Deji of Akure, who spoke on behalf of royal fathers in the central senatorial, described as iconic the performance of Governor Akeredolu adding that all the efforts are verifiable and salutary. He said much as he would not discourage any aspirants from showing any aspirations, he would speak up at such fora on the performances of Governor Akeredolu. Responding, Akeredolu appreciated the monarchs for their endorsement, saying this will spur him to do more for the state if reelected. The traditional rulers include the Deji of Akure, Oba Aladetoyinbo Aladelusi; Olowo of Owo, Oba Gbadegesin Ajibade Ogunoye III, Olukare of Ikare, Oba Akadiri Momoh; Olubaka of Oka, Oba Yusuf Adebori Adeleye, and Abodi of Ikale land, Oba Babatunde Faduyile. Others include Jegun of Idepe in Okitipupa, Oba Micheal Obatuga Adetoye and the Kalasuwe of Apoi land, Oba Sunday Adejimola Amuseghan among others monarchs from across the 18 local government areas of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.