The Police High Command on Monday in Abuja paraded 24 suspected criminals including four men who specialised in using fake bank alerts to pay for goods and also for the services of commercial sex workers. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police, also warned members of the public against false bank alerts being generated and forwarded to defraud them of their money. According to him, the first batch of those paraded was made up of a four-man gang who specialised in generating and sending of fake and false bank alerts to unsuspecting members of the public. He said the syndicate before the arrest was using such fake alerts to pay for goods and services including payment for services of commercial sex workers The FPRO, however, appealed to the members of the public to be careful of people coming to their business outfits to buy goods and wanting to do online payments The leader of the syndicate, who spoke with newsmen about the activities of his group before the arrest, confirmed that such alerts normally lasted for about few minutes before they would disappear. Mba also paraded three brothers described as serial fraudsters who reportedly created a fake Frank Mba Foundation in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic to solicit funds in a fake Facebook created to deceive the unsuspecting highly-placed members of the public through a bank account opened in a third-generation bank According to him, “the brothers are serial fraudsters, they have been in and out of courts, they have been in and of police stations and they have also been in and out of correctional centres.” The FPRO also paraded another batch of 14 suspects who specialised in online dating otherwise known as romance scan where by they would present themselves as American citizens, British citizens and other nationals working in multinational companies. Also paraded was a 58-year-old man who was using the name of the widow of the late Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, to solicit for funds from members of the public in pretext that he wanted to organise a befitting prayer for the deceased The exhibits recovered from the suspects included 16 laptops, 37 mobile phones of different makes, 11 SIM cards of different networks, dried weeds, fake United States dollars and other foreign currencies.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!