The International Lawyers Assisting Workers network (ILAW), Nigeria Chapter has called on the Federal Government to speedily ratify the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention No. 190 on Violence and Harassment in the world of work. Identifying with the organised labour in Nigeria, the lawyers said the call for ratification of Convention No. 190, is one of the most effective ways to mark this year’s International Day for the elimination of sexual violence in conflict. In a statement signed by Femi Aborisade on behalf of ILAW (Nigeria), the international lawyers said Nigeria would be making history if it promptly ratifies ILO Convention No. 190. An adopted ILO Convention is only expected to come into force twelve months after ratification by two-member states of ILO. Following the adoption of Convention 190 at the International Labour Conference in June 2019; Uruguay became the first country to ratify in January this year. To this end, it remains the only country that has ratified the Convention and the ratification by Nigeria, the lawyers said would make Nigeria the second ratifying country and it would enable the Convention to come into force, twelve months after. “Is Nigeria ready to make history and be counted among ILO member states that set the pace for establishing a framework for human progress and scoring victory for humanity on an international basis? This is the critical historical challenge that ratification or non-ratification of Convention 190 poses to the current Federal Government of Nigeria,” the lawyers said. ILAW (Nigeria), therefore urged the Federal Government to ratify ILO Convention No. 190, by Executive action, without any further delay. The statement read: “Benefits of ratification of The Violence and Harassment Convention No.190 and the accompanying Recommendation No. 206 are the first international standards, which seek to protect the right of everyone to a world of work free from violence and harassment. “The Convention recognises that behaviours that subject the other person to violence and harassment constitute human rights violation issues. It thus provides a framework to prevent, remedy and eliminate violence and harassment in the world of work, including gender-based violence and harassment.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!