These are, undoubtedly, not the best of times for individual and corporate economies. The advent of the Corona virus pandemic, and its continued spread, has continued to take its toll on  businesses and nations’ economies. But, more worrisome, for many, is the fact that  despite the continued rise in the number of people, infected  with the highly contagious pandemic, the skepticism  among some Nigerians, especially those in the rural areas, is still very huge. This, no doubt, constitutes a source of concern for many; since they believe such attitude and belief must change, for the  country to effectively overcome the rampaging pandemic. Therefore, the decision of the Coalition Against Covid19 (CA-COVID),  a group of more than 50 private sector corporations in Nigeria, to initiate a grassroots awareness campaign to reach out and educate Nigerians,  especially those in the rural communities, on their personal responsibility to stay safe at this time of the pandemic, is no doubt seen by many as a welcome development. With a clear mission to educate people in the rural areas, CACOVID recently flagged-off the pilot phase of the campaign in Lagos, Rivers and the Federal Capital Territory. The mandate was  to take the message of hand-washing, social distancing and wearing of face masks to the door steps of people in the rural and semi-urban communities, thereby complementing the efforts of both the federal and state governments at keeping Nigeria COVID-19 free. From Ajah, to Ogombo, Oko-Oba, Makoko, Okooba/Abatoir, Aginliti, Isawo, Mosafejo/Amukoko, the team of campaigners, in Lagos, led by Arthur Chima, continues to traverse the length and breadth of the state, with a single and simple mission of engaging the grassroots. The multidisciplinary team of about 20 professionals, armed with sound understanding of the disease and its spread along with instructional posters and banners, is only a small sub-team of the Coalition Against Covid19 (CACOVID). A CACOVID-19 Communications Coordinator, Mr. Tony Chiejina had, at the flag-off of the awareness campaign, recently, explained that the sudden realization that the efforts of CACOVID team, in the past few months, had not fully resonated with the people at the grassroots,  actually informed the new  campaign. According to him, the campaign is designed to directly engage and address every misconception about COVID-19 and its transmission. “The realization that our communications efforts so far have not successfully reached our semi-urban and rural communities, triggered the CACOVID Grassroots Awareness and Mobilisation Campaign, to directly engage and address all of the misconceptions about COVID-19 and its transmission. It is to also encourage immediate adoption of safe personal hygiene practices,” he stated. Since the flag-off in Lagos, Rivers and the FCT, the campaign train has made substantial gains as they continue to directly engage with the people. In most of the communities visited, the teams were able to put out the right information to correct misinformation and fake beliefs that hot alcoholic drinks could cure the disease. Jimoh Ifafiyebi, a driver in Ifako area of Lagos metropolis, said though he was yet to come across anyone infected with the disease, he however believed the virus was real. He also commended CACOVID for the grassroots awareness, adding that the campaign would go a long way in convincing some people to take responsibility, while also confirming the fact  that the virus actually existed. The community leader, the Baale of Ifako, Chief Afolabi Akerele also shared same line of thought. While commending the CACOVID Team for the initiative, Chief Akerele noted that such campaign had become imperative, especially for the nation’s senior citizens, mothers, aunties and all caregivers, who might not have access to quality information from other sources. “This kind of reminder is what we need at this time and we need it as often as possible,” the community leader stated. As Arthur’s team buses moved through places where social distancing was hardly being observed, the obvious gains of the exercise could be observed. Many  who had only held their nose masks in their hands or pockets, were quick to bring them out and wear them appropriately. The story is same across Rivers State and the FCT, as the campaign reached communities in Abuloma, Bundu, Agbonchia, Omarelu, Onne, Elele in Rivers State and Nyanya, Kutunku, Mpampe, Gwarinpa and Kubwa in the FCT. Since its inauguration early this year, CACOVID, in partnership with the Presidential Taskforce on Covid-19, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) the UN System and the World Health Organisation (WHO), has been in the forefront of uniting the organised private sector to execute initiatives aimed at combating community spread of the global pandemic in Nigeria.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story Panic, Gloom… •Experts Reveal What COVID-19 Pandemic Portends For Nigeria’s Economy
WHEN Nigerians, at the beginning of the year, expressed their reservations about the 2020 budget, especially the signing of the Finance Bill, which, they argued, would further impoverish the common man, little did they envisage the advent of a public health crisis, in form of COVID-19, throw economies of individuals… Read Full Story COVID-19: EU, UN Hand Over Medical Supplies To Nigeria
European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have received and handed over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read Full Story I Did Not Stop Investigation Of NIRSAL ― Malami
The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has denied an online report that he stopped the investigation of the Nigeria Incentive-based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)… Read Full Story Security: It Is Buhari’s Call, Not Buratai’s 
President Muhammadu Buhari, last Thursday, gave a damning verdict on the nation’s security and intelligence chiefs when he told them that their best was not good enough for the nation and that he would no longer take any excuse from them for the rising insecurity in the land. According to the National Security Adviser… Read Full Story Edo: Of Oshiomhole, Saraki’s Snail And Naked Masquerade Allegories
COURT-SUSPENDED All Progressives Party (APC) Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, a few days before his court ouster, subtly flexed his power muscles and demonstrated a commendable grasp of African proverbs and aphorisms. Taking to his Twitter handle to do this, Oshiomhole had aptly announced that his smallish… Read Full Story 90 Days Of Pandemonium: A Nation At War With COVID-19
WHEN the Nigerian Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19 was constituted on Tuesday, March 17, the mandate was clear. With a timeline of six months, the body was assigned to “strengthen the national response strategy, particularly in the areas of testing, containment and management… Read Full Story Resident Doctors Set To Call Off Nationwide Strike, As NGF Intervenes
The leadership of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday night communicated its resolve to suspend the ongoing nationwide strike which commenced on Monday, 16th June 2020… Read Full Story Alleged Rape Saga: D’banj May Lose UN Ambassador Status
Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled against him… Read Full Story Nigeria’s New Rapeublic: Where Repulsively Rapacious Men Prey On Female Gender
TWENTY-TWO-YEAR-OLD Vera Uwaila Omozuwa had hoped to become an evangelist due to her passion for the gospel of Christ. Since the lockdown and closure of places of worship occasioned by the dreaded coronavirus pandemic began, the young lady had always sought the quietude of her church premises to study… Read Full Story 76 Nigerians Killed By COVID-19 In One Week
SEVENTY-SIX Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!