The Federal Government has concluded arrangements to make the Integrated National Security and Waterways Protection Infrastructure, also called the Deep Blue Project, the central security structure for all anchorage areas in the Nigerian maritime domain. In a statement signed, on Tuesday, by the Spokesman of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Philip Kyanet, this will reduce the cost of shipping of goods into the country. According to the statement, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), Ms Hadiza Bala Usman, was quoted as stating this in Lagos after a meeting with the Executive Management of NIMASA led by its Director-General, Dr Bashir Jamoh, at the Agency’s Headquarters in Lagos. The NPA MD also disclosed that both Agencies have agreed to work out modalities for effective removal of all wrecks and derelicts that may hinder navigations in the Nigerian waters. According to the NPA MD, NIMASA and NPA are sister agencies and should be seen to be collaborating more for the growth of the maritime industry and the country generally. She also disclosed that arrangements are in top gear to berth the NIMASA floating Dockyard permanently in order for it to commence operations in July. ALSO READ: Ondo deputy governor alleges impeachment moves as Police invade Assembly “We had a range of discussions bordering on the Secure Anchorage Area which our supervising Ministry desires the Deep Blue Project to provide security for all anchorage areas in the country. Aside from saving the country a lot of money, it will ensure that the security of the Nigerian Maritime domain is given focal attention. “We have the C3i Command, Control and Intelligence centre at NPA and NIMASA has the c4i while the Navy has falcon eye. We need to interlink these facilities and we believe that this would assist the country in response to maritime security threats,” the NPA MD stated. Corroborating Hadiza’s stance, Dr Bashir Jamoh reiterated the fact that there was a need to harmonise most of the working models amongst all maritime Agencies to avoid duplication of duties which also leads to more costs. Jamoh said the Secure Anchorage Area which has been a subject of debate amongst stakeholders would now be covered under the multi-spectrum security architecture popularly known as the Deep Blue Project. In his words, “There is absolutely no need for us to have private security in our maritime space. You are aware that this increases the cost of Shipping in our country. By the time the Deep Blue Project becomes fully operational, the cost of shipping would drastically reduce.” The NIMASA DG also pointed out that barring any unforeseen circumstances, the floating Dockyard should be operational by the end of July. A facility he said will employ hundreds of Nigerians directly and also earn huge amount in revenue for the country. “We are finalising arrangements with the NPA to get a permanent berth for the floating Dockyard and by the end of July, this facility should be operational. The interesting thing is that aside from earning a huge amount of revenue, it also has the capacity to employ over 300 Nigerian youths directly,” the NIMASA DG added. The meeting is seen as a major step towards effective collaborations by both agencies to enhance security in the Nigerian maritime domain in order to achieve growth for the industry. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.