Yet-to-be-identified persons, on Monday, attacked two residents of Alaja community, Moniya, in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state, leaving them with machete cuts. The hoodlums reportedly made their way into the house of their victims via the roof, carting away their phones and hitting them with a machete. The victims of Monday’s attack are 45-year-old Mrs Adeola Bamidele and her daughter, Dolapo Bamidele, who is 23 years old. Narrating the incident, Mrs Bamidele said she and daughter were struck by the machete as she resisted attempts by the hoodlums to rape her daughter, Dolapo. Neighbours, subsequently, helped the two women to the hospital while the incident was reported at Moniya police station. Akinyele has been the hotbed of crimes in recent weeks with no fewer than five persons killed in the past three weeks.
Confirming Monday’s attack to Tribune Online, state Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Gbenga Fadeyi, said the investigation had begun into the incident. “The Police personnel at Moniya Police Station were raised to the scene while the hoodlums had eloped. “The victims were taken to the hospital for treatment while investigation has commenced into the matter,” Fadeyi said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets
It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours
No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque
Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!