Gombe state chapter of the Small Scale Women Farmers Organisation in Nigeria (SWOFON) has decried the non-release of fund allocated for SWOFON in the 2020 state budget. The lamentation was made on Monday by the leadership of SWOFON while Addressing a press conference in Gombe through its chairperson, Mrs Airudia Mamman who said that in 2020 state budget, the sum of N35million was allocated to SWOFON but they have not had access any amount from the fund. During the press conference held in conjunction with a Gombe bases Non-Governmental Organisation, Hope Foundation for the Lonely (HTFL), Airudia Mamman said that the raining season has stabilized and farmers need all the necessary inputs and implement for a successful cropping season. The chairperson further lamented that, even before the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, SWOFON members were faced with low and difficulty in accessing credit facilities from the banks, essential inputs, improved seeds, seedlings as well as organic and non-organic fertilizers. ALSO READ: Airforce strikes hit Boko Haram terrorist camp again, destroy structures, kill scores of fighters in Borno She further said that the spread of COVID-19 further compounded the situation as they now fear the possibility of no access at all, commending the State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya for boosting Agricultural activities in the state through the timely Flag off of the distribution of fertilizer in the state. The SWOFON Chairperson said that “We are commending Governor Yahaya’s effort for boosting Agricultural activities in Gombe. We are also appealing for timely disbursement of the N35 million allocated for SWOFON in the 2020 state budget”. “The amount allocated for SWOFON if released will go along way in boosting food production in the state particularly among women who produced over 60 per cent of the food consumed in the state,” she said. Also speaking, Executive Director of HTFL Mr Mansa Musa, said that the nation depends on Agriculture for daily sustenance hence the need for Government to support SWOFON. According to him, over 70 to 80 per cent of the state population is involved in Agriculture both small and large scale particularly the small scale farmers including the women farmers who are very much involved in food production in the state. He, however, appreciated the government for its good policy frameworks that all will use towards the improvement of Agriculture and other components for sustenance.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!