The African Regional Commission for Certification of Polio Eradication, (ARCC), has accepted Nigeria’s Wild Polio Virus Free Documentation. Executive Director/CEO, National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA), Dr Faisal Shuaib, disclosed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria(NAN), on Friday in Abuja. He said the commission assessed the documentation of the progress made so far as submitted by the NPHCDA and found that it tallies with the reality on the ground, and therefore congratulated Nigeria on the feat. He stated that the indication was given by the ARCC Chairman, Prof Rose Leke, in a meeting with the Nigeria team. The executive director said that the commission, an organ of the World Health Organisation, (WHO), had for the past years assessed the performance of the NPHCDA in polio eradication and the results have been impressive. Shuaib further said that he had gone to the field with the commission and saw the happenings all these years, adding that, “the ARCC had listened to Nigeria’s documentation, presentation and exhaustive responses to all those questions that were put. He stated that ARCC commended the NPHCDA for achieving the milestone after years of battling with the Wild Polio Virus. Shuaib noted that it was an amazing moment in history to have had the polio eradication documentation accepted by the ARCC. He said that the acceptance paved way for the country’s polio-free status to be officially declared in July at a meeting of Ministers of Health in Africa. He, however, commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his support and foresight, saying “the leadership provided by Mr President is mainly responsible for the rare achievement.” Shuaib also commended traditional and religious leaders, partners, past presidents, ministers, executive officers of NPHCDA/NPI, leaders in the public health space, the media, polio victims, parents and others for being the constant driving force and motivation behind the efforts of the frontline workers. NAN reports that the certification process requires data collection and verification of the eradication of wild poliovirus by independent bodies at the national, regional, and global level. In countries, data collected and polio eradication activities conducted are assessed and verified by National Certification Committees (NCCs). Certification of poliomyelitis eradication is done at regional Level by the Regional Certification Commission of the six WHO regions respectively. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.