No fewer than 14 programmes of the University of Abuja have been accredited by the National Universities Commission (NUC). The Computer Science offered in the University got denied accreditation while ten (10) academic programmes were given full accreditation, four (4) had interim accreditation. Head, Information and University Relations, University of Abuja, Dr Habib Yakoob, made this known in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. According to him, the programmes with full Accreditation include Public Administration, Education Arabic Studies, Education Christian Rel. Studies, Education English, Education Geography, Education Islamic Rel. Studies, Guidance and Counselling, Law, Chemistry and Microbiology, while those with Interim accreditation are Banking and Finance, Education Physics, Educational Administration and Planning, and Primary Education Studies. “Computer Science was however not yet accredited,” Yakoob said. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: PDP, APC aspirants approach SDP as alternative platform He quoted the Vice-Chancellor of the University, Professor Abdul-Rasheed Na’Allah as disclosing this in an email to the University of Abuja community on Sunday, saying, “Just a few days ago, your University received the results of the November 2019 National Universities Commission (NUC) accreditation visit to the University of Abuja of Nigeria; and out of 15 (fifteen academic programs visited), it is only one of them, Computer Science, that we have difficulty in, which Academic Planning Office, working with the academic department concerned, would prepare an appeal for a revisit and a re-evaluation.” He assured the University community that the institution had the necessary facilities to ensure that the course got accreditation. He congratulated all remaining academic departments, their Heads of Departments, Deans, teaching and non-teaching staff, the Registry, the Bursary, students in all the various departments, and the entire university community on this good news. The Vice-Chancellor said the Management of the University was working round the clock, with all faculties and academic departments, to lift the University to world-class standards. “Ladies and gentlemen, your University is a proud University and our distinguished staff and students would continue to show excellence and raise the banners of academic excellence as the No. 1 University in Nigeria,” Professor Na’Allah said. He said further, “We are in the middle of laying a solid Internet infrastructure (fybriotics) in all our campuses. Your University is establishing computer laboratories across faculties and departments where students and staff would easily walk in when they need to use computers. Several of our classrooms are in the program of now being converted into smart classrooms where learners and instructors can use cyber technology. “Your University has already built and is perfecting its UniAbuja Virtual classroom system and many students are currently taking some courses online in a Pilot study of our Virtual Classroom system, and the Centre for Sponsored Projects, the Centre for Undergraduate Research, the University of Abuja International Centre, the Entrepreneurship Centre, the General Studies unit, and more, are all mobilizing staff and students to explore world-class academic, research and global citizenship opportunities provided in the great University of Abuja, Nigeria.” The Vice-Chancellor also revealed that the University had now created a Rape and Sexual Harassment Reporting Platform on the Main University website. He said the platform would provide the opportunity to “any student who felt she or he has been harassed, however long this has happened to her or him, can report to the University authority, and such report will go directly to the designated officer and the Vice-Chancellor, where every legitimate process would be followed to thoroughly follow up and get to the bottom of the allegation while also protecting the victim at the highest level.” He added that the report to this platform would receive prompt and spontaneous and immediate attention including maximum protection and security, and on the spot intelligence actions. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.