Pretty much everything you do in your everyday life from getting married or buying a home to shopping online or liking a page on Facebook leaves a huge paper trail, and data brokers are getting that information. Data brokers are entities that collect information about consumers and then sell it on to companies, individuals, or other data brokers. They do not usually have a direct relationship with the people that they are collecting this data on, leaving many individuals completely unaware that their data is being collected at all. Even when a consumer is aware that data brokers exist and the extent of the data being collected on them, it can be difficult to figure out which data they can control. So, what do data brokers hold on consumers, and do they pose a threat to users? The data broker industry is divided into three categories. People search sites allow users to input some data such as a name or phone number and get more information on that person for a small fee. Nuwber is a data broker offering this service which can be very useful if you need to find something out about an individual, such as identifying an unknown caller or suspicious email sender. The information that people search sites may hold on consumers can vary, but it can include birthdates, address history, employment details, education information, marital status, bankruptcy, social media profiles, property records, aliases, and even details on relatives. Some data brokers are focused on marketing, developing dossiers on individuals which can be used to tailor marketing strategies. These data brokers tend to place consumers in various categories based on demographics such as age, education level, income, number of children, interests, and ethnicity. Companies then purchase lists of names, email addresses, offline activity, and interests in order to assist in better marketing their products and services to these individuals. Some data brokers offer risk mitigation products in order to help detect fraud and verify identities. Typically, these data brokers pose the least risk to consumers, as they do not usually sell the information for marketing purposes or make the data publicly available online. However, if the information held on a consumer is incorrect, it can cause issues. It may be difficult to fix inaccuracies, for example, if a lender uses a risk mitigation product to determine whether a mailing address has been used for fraud, it could stop consumers from matching addresses who have not committed fraud from being able to complete a transaction. For the most part, data brokers are ethical when it comes to sharing data and in cases such as people search sites and risk mitigation products, it can actually help to keep you safer online. However, the information collected on individuals can be used in nefarious ways by cybercriminals, such as to carry out identity fraud. If you can get enough information on somebody online, you may be able to use this information in order to steal their identity or use their credit history, or even hack their online accounts. And, if companies that are collecting data on individuals are vulnerable to security breaches, the data that they are collecting might end up in the wrong hands. Most of the time, data brokers collecting information about you comes at a low level of risk, but it’s always important to be vigilant about the amount of information that you share online.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Why Schools Must Remain Shut For Now ― Minister
PARENTS and school children anxious for reopening schools will have to wait a little more as the Federal Government on Monday insisted that the schools remain shut for now. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, speaking on Monday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 news briefing described as fake news timetables purported released from the Ministry of Education on the conduct of West African Examination Council examinations being circulated on the social media… Read full story After Pressure From Govs, Buhari Delays Gazetting Of Executive Order On Autonomy For State Legislatures, Judiciary
Pressured by state governors, President Muhammadu Buhari has agreed to delay the gazetting of Executive Order 10, which he recently signed, to grant autonomy to state legislature and judiciary… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 315 New Cases, Total Now 12,801
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 315 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 12,801… Read full story 60% Of 979 Mysterious Deaths In Kano Due To COVID-19 ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) said on Monday that a total of 979 deaths were recorded in April in Kano, during what was popularly known as Kano mysterious deaths. The Task Force, however, revealed during its daily briefing on Monday that 50 per cent to 60 per cent of the mysterious deaths were due to… Read full story Nigeria’s Economy To Contract By 3.2% As Global Economy Shrinks By 5.2% ― World Bank
The World Bank, on Monday, projected a 3.2 per cent contraction for Nigeria’s economy even as it said that the global economy would shrink by 5.2 per cent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Tribune Online reports that the World Bank’s projection is 0.2 per cent lower than the one announced by the Federal Government in… Read full story AfDB: Organised Labour Calls On US, World Powers To Respect African Choice
The Organised Labour has unanimously called on the United States (US) and other world powers with interests in the African Development Bank (AfDB) to allow the will and choice of African countries who are satisfied with the stewardship of Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, as President of the bank… Read full story As COVID-19 Bites Harder, Nigeria Risks Food Crisis
No doubt, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has had a great impact on global food production where farmers find it difficult to access their farms and inputs due to lockdown or fear of being infected. Some international food organisations in the recent past had raised alarm over the looming food crisis if… Read full story Gov Sule Sacks SSG
Gov Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has sacked the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Aliyu Ahmed-Tijani.Ahmed-Tijjani was Commissioner for Education in the administration of Sen. Umaru Al-Makura, immediate past governor of the state… Read full story Provide Corruption Evidence Against NASS Members, Group Tells NDDC
A group of concerned youth in Delta State under the auspices of Progressive Delta Youths (PDY) has challenged the management of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to make public the evidence of corruption linking members of the National Assembly to any form of fraud in the Commission… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Has Carried Out 80,000 Tests ― PTF
After 100 days Nigeria recorded its index COVID-19 case, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic said it had tested 80,000 citizens for the infection. It has also built its testing laboratory capacity from two to 30 with a laboratory in every geopolitical zone in the country, providing increased access to testing… Read full story Delta Cleric Charged With Alleged Rape As Victim Narrates Sexual Encounter
The Founder/General Overseer of Victory Revival Fasting and Prayer Ministry, Bishop Elijah Orhonigbe, was on Monday in Warri, Delta State arraigned in court for the alleged rape of a teenage girl in the church auditorium. The nineteen-year-old girl (name withheld) was allegedly raped during a private deliverance… Read full story Nigerian Students Deny Harassment Claims Against Chinese Government
A group of Nigerian students studying in China under the auspices of Coalition of Nigerian Students in China (CNSC), has denied claims that Nigerians in the country are being harassed the Chinese government. President of the group, Umar Abukabar, in a statement made available to the media on Monday, in Abuja, denounced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Barakat Bello: Yet Another Rape Killing
WHILE Nigerians were still reeling in shock over the case of Vera Omozuwa, a year-one student of Microbiology at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Edo State, who was raped and then bludgeoned to death by her assailants with a fire extinguisher while studying at the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Benin, their sensibilities were again assaulted by yet another barbaric incident… Read full story