THE third sovereign Sukuk bond auctioned by the Debt Management Office (DMO) on behalf of the Federal Government of Nigeria was well received as investors put in N669.1 billion for the N150 billion bond, representing a subscription level of 446 per cent. At the exercise, the debt office offered N150 billion to investors, but it was observed that the sale attracted a very high level of subscription from market participants. Despite the market and economic uncertainty due to the coronavirus pandemic, investors expressed a lot of confidence in Nigeria’s debt market. In a statement, the DMO said it allotted N162.6 billion to investors in the third sovereign Sukuk, with proceeds to be used to finance 44 critical road projects across the six geopolitical zones of the country. “This impressive demand for the Sukuk came from a wide range of investors which included Ethical Funds, Insurance Companies, Fund Managers and Retail Investors amongst others. This participation by a wide range of investors is in line with the DMO’s objectives of diversifying the investor base for Government Securities and promoting financial inclusion. “The issuance of the third Sovereign Sukuk, which followed the debut issuance of N100 billion in September 2017 and a second issuance of another N100 billion in December 2018, is based on the DMO’s commitment to using borrowed funds to finance infrastructure. The Sukuk issuances are project tied and are used to finance specific projects which are disclosed to investors.” The benefits from the earlier Sukuk issues, which were also used to finance roads, include improved safety on the roads, faster travel times, access to markets for farm produce and opening up parts of the country for development. Other important benefits of using Sukuk to finance road projects are job creation and increased level of activity for service providers, many of whom are small businesses. The DMO said it expects to continue to raise funds through Sukuk to support improvement in infrastructure and development of the domestic capital market.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock
MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC
A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock
THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story APC Appeal Committee Validates Obaseki’s Disqualification
Governor of Edo State and aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki may have reached the end of the road in his quest to fly the gubernatorial flag of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming September 19, 2020 election in Edo State… Read full story Aso Rock Crisis: Shots Fired To Stop Buhari’s PA’s Getaway Car —Sources 
THERE were indications Saturday that shots that were reportedly heard inside the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday evening, were fired in an attempt to stop Sabiu Tunde Yusuf from fleeing in a getaway car after refusing to self-isolate on return from a trip as required for COVID-19 containment protocols… Read full story Havoc In The Air! COVID-19: Aviation, Tourism Sectors In Disarray • 124,500 travel agencies jobs threatened
WHEN coronavirus broke out in Wuhan, China late last year, not many countries took notice, but by the turn of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of the year, the whole world had not only taken notice: millions of the citizens had become victims of the virus… Read full story Ordering Controversy: The Pros And Cons Of Buhari’s Executive Order 10
Save for President William Henry Harrison, all United States presidents, beginning with George Washington in 1789, had issued one executive order or the other, and the practice of using such executive power also has its origin in the same United State, with the first ever executive order, issued on June 8, 1789 by… Read full story Stop Nepotism, Embrace Others, Clark Tells Buhari
Elder statesman and convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Clark, on Friday, admonished President Muhammadu Buhari to drop the toga of nepotism and injustice against the South South, saying “things cannot continue this way… Read full story Ibadan Records Third Killing In Two Weeks As 21-Yr-Old Lady Is Macheted To Death
One Grace Oshiagwu was macheted to death on Saturday by yet-to-be identified persons, in Ibadan, Oyo State. The deceased, a 21-year-old lady was killed in a church mission building at Idi-ori Area,Shasha, off the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway… Read full story Pulling Down Christopher Columbus’ Buhari Statues
YOU may not like their reckless consumption of drugs, the airs they put on as “stars” and the pumped-up peacock ego sometimes exhibited by them at their apogee of stardom but the reality is that, popular culture musicians, that is indigenous African musicians and even Africanist musicians among them, are prophets of… Read full story Do Black Lives Matter In Nigeria?
The sheer wickedness of his murder by the police turned George Floyd into a global figure as the world rose in one accord to condemn the inhuman treatment meted to him which resulted in his death. As soon as the video of Derek Chauvin, a former Minneapolis Police Department officer, kneeling on the neck of… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!