The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has said it is fully prepared and ready to conduct this year’s suspended school-based West African Senior Secondary School Examinations (WASSCE) once the Federal Government reopens schools and declares them safe for use. Recall that the organisation suspended the conduct of the exam in March after all schools nationwide were closed down and students were asked to go home indefinitely due to Coronavirus pandemic in the country and globally. The Head of Public affairs unit of WAEC Nigeria, Mr Demianus Ojijeogu, gave this hint on Sunday in an exclusive interview with our correspondent. He said though, WAEC is fully ready with all the protocols and logistics to conduct the exam, it would not do so in a hurry after schools’reopening. According to him, there would be a guideline towards the conduct of the exam that would properly factor in all involved stakeholders as well as exam venues and a new timetable. ALSO READ: Oyo APC gives reconciliation committee four terms of reference While noting that even though candidates were expected to make good use of the online study materials provided by WAEC and those by various governments to help them prepare well for the exam while at home, he reemphasised that the organisation would not rush them to do the exam. According to him, a new timetable would be released and it would give candidates significant time to prepare for their papers. Mr Ojijeogu added that “WAEC would also give school principals, teachers and even government time to do whatever they would need to do to guarantee the safety of people that would be involved before the commencement of the exam. “WEAC is not only interested in the conduct of the exam, but also in the safety of all that would be involved. “So, we would be liaising with the federal ministry of education and that of the state in order to ensure we all have a hitch-free exam,” he stressed. Nigerian Should Always Do Fact-Check On Politicians —Sani
Anthony Sani, the immediate-past Secretary-General and former Publicity Secretary of the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), now a member of the Governing Council of Sir Ahmadu Memorial Foundation and of Northern Media Forum, speaks on 21 years of civil rule in the country and other issues … Read full story I Still Have So Much To Offer – Ronke Oshodi-Oke
Ronke Oshodi-Oke is a household name, especially in the Yoruba movie industry having graced the screens for decades. The veteran actress, who is undergoing a rebranding process shares some of her plans on movie and music… Read full story Majek Fashek And The Curse Of Drug Addiction
THE death of Nigerian singer-songwriter, guitarist and reggae music lord, Majek Fashek, in New York, America, last week threw Nigerians into a nostalgic mood. It brought into memory the exact picture of a musical icon who the country lost to the icy pincers of death. Reports of his passage sauced his strides on the dancehall… Read full story Why Governors Are Jittery Of Financial Autonomy To State Legislature —Kaze
The autonomy of the judiciary and legislature is very important, I am proud of the 6th and 7th National Assembly because at a point in time the National Assembly both the Senate and House of Representatives actually voted for the financial autonomy of the state legislature but that bill failed at the state level because… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE