The police command in Lagos State has arrested a woman, who aided her son’s escape, after he raped a 9-year- old primary 4 pupil in the Epe area of the state. The woman, a resident of Sade Street prevented her son from being arrested by youths of the area and community leaders, who wanted to arrest him. Tribune Online gathered that the runaway suspect reportedly defiled the primary school pupil on Wednesday. The mother of the victim of the rape incident raised the alarm, which attracted residents to Sade Street in Epe. The suspect was confronted with the fact of the matter, which according to eyewitnesses, he did not deny . Residents attempted to take him to the police station but he hid behind his mother, who prevented him from the arrested. Policemen from Epe police station were invited to the scene but the suspect had escaped through the back. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the arrest of the woman to Tribune Online and added that she was picked up by the police for aiding his son’ s escape. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Expresses Shock Over Boko Haram’s Attack On Gubio
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed deep shock at Boko Haram’s attack on Gubio village, Borno State in which the terrorists killed many people. A statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday night by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) said as news of “one the most brutal terrorist… Read full story Foreign Herdsmen: No Law Stopping Cross-Border Movements ― FG
Despite the menace posed by foreign herdsmen, the Federal Government has said that there are currently no laws preventing cross-border movements. The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, who stated this on Wednesday at the end of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the Presidential Villa in Abuja, however… Read full story Police Arrest Man For Raping 40 Women In Kano
The Police Command in Kano State has arrested a 32-year-old man, Muhammad Alfa, for allegedly raping 40 women in the past one year in the state. The Spokesman of the Command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, confirmed the arrest in a statement on Wednesday in Kano… Read full story I Have No Problem With Makinde ― Alaafin
The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, on Wednesday, said he held no grudge against Governor Seyi Makinde. There had been insinuations that Oba Adeyemi had ill-feeling towards Makinde following the recent siting of a mobile police force squadron in Ago-Are, Oke-Ogun area of the state… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE