Reminiscences of the life and times of the late former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi continued on Tuesday at a special plenary held in honour of the former governor by the State House of Assembly. For each lawmaker who rose to speak on the floor of the Assembly, it was all glowing tributes in honour of a man with unprecedented achievements, one who lived a fulfilled life and cemented his footprints in the history of Oyo State. Leading the session of tributes, Speaker of the Assembly, Honourable Adebo Ogundoyin praised Ajimobi for bringing to bear his supernatural wisdom and intelligence in governing the state. As helmsman of the state, he noted that Ajimobi stood out in several infrastructural development projects, environmental sanitation, improvement in the security of lives and properties, positively impacting many lives especially his political associates. While also noting Ajimobi’s high sense of humour, Ogundoyin said the nation, especially the All Progressives Congress (APC), had lost a man with a huge wealth of experience. Rising to contribute, Honourable Olusola Owolabi representing Ibadan North East II, bemoaned the loss of a workaholic, political juggernaut and one who encouraged hard work. Owolabi pointed out that the late Ajimobi’s legacies, for eight years as governor, will be unmatched in the next 10 years, at least. On his part, member representing Afijio constituency, Honourable Seyi Adisa said the state had lost a legend, an enigma, a visioner, an assertive and courageous leader. Echoing Ajimobi’s appellation as the architect of modern Oyo State, Adisa said the former governor left achievements that cannot be erased in the history of the state. ALSO READ: Appeal Court dismisses Oshiomole’s suit challenging his suspension On his own part, Minority Leader, Honourable Asimiyu Alarape described the loss of Ajimobi as most sensitive to the Oyo APC coming at a time when the party was trying to mend fences. He described Ajimobi as an enigma, icon, colossus, master strategist, a courageous and outspoken man. Though he described the loss as sad and painful, Alarape said his solace was in the fact that Ajimobi lived a fulfilled life. In rendering his tribute, Honourable Bamigboye Jacob representing Oriire constituency asked the Governor Seyi Makinde government to immortalize the former governor by naming of the state’s public institutions after him. He regarded the late Ajimobi as an administrator per excellence going by unprecedented achievements in infrastructural development, peace and security. Lauding Ajimobi as one who understood the nitty-gritty of Oyo politics, Bamigboye described the death of the former governor as devastating to the Oyo APC. Representing Ogbomoso North constituency, Honourable Wumi Oladeji recounted meetings where Ajimobi showed a high sense of humility, understanding and possession of a large heart. Oladeji pointed out that the late former governor cherished persons with 100 percent to their benefactors or political leaders. Chairman, House Committee on Education, Honourable Olufemi Oluwafowokanmi said Ajimobi served the state with pure intentions, evident on his utterances. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!