Lagos State Traffic Management Agency (LASTMA) on Thursday disclosed it had concluded an investigation into a viral video showing some of its officials receiving bribe money from traffic offenders. In what suggested a guilty verdict, the agency on its verified Twitter handle @followlastma, said the affected officers would face Lagos State Civil Service Disciplinary Panel. At that level, the officers are likely to be dismissed from service. A viral video had shown a couple of officers, collecting money from arrested traffic offenders allegedly on the order of a senior officer, with the face of a lady, consistently showing on the screen, counting the said money. ALSO READ: NIS recruitment: Court frees ex-minister, Abba Morro, of seven charges The alleged offender who made the post claimed hundreds of thousands of Naira were collected from about five offenders without receipts to show that the fine monies had been paid into government’s coffers. In the tweet by LASTMA, three officers were paraded, two ladies and a male.
The post, signed by the agency’s management read, “Investigation into the recently published allegation of extortion against some LASTMA officers has been concluded. Some revelations behind the nuances of the video footage were unearthed. “Incidentally, during the preliminary investigation, the offender that made the post declined all entreaties for him to come forward to substantiate his claims and clarify some grey areas. “However, the identified LASTMA officials will definitely face the Administrative Disciplinary Panel after it was resolved that the matter should be escalated to higher authority in the Public Service. “Updates on the disciplinary process will be provided as it progresses. We continue to encourage anyone with any complaint or report to reach us via our published contacts and various social media channels.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.