Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown, an environmental health expert, Professor Godson Ana has told mothers that falls and poisoning from medicines in children remain major problems that they should guard against. Professor Ana, president, Child Health, Environment and Safety Thrust, spoke at the Child Safety Week 2020 with the theme ‘Safety makes sense’ organized in Ibadan to sensitise mothers on how to ensure their children stay safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. Ana stated that mothers need to secure a safer environment for children of all ages, so that they can live life to the fullest while they should be protected from serious injury or death. According to him, housing is key to health and quality of life, and globally, home accidents are a leading cause of preventable disabilities and death among children and young people. Noting that unintentional injuries are the leading cause of deaths for children, professor Ana said there is an increased risk of accidents or injuries among children living in homes with unsafe conditions because of parents’ inadequate supervision of children. While children stay more at home as a result of COVID-19 pandemic, Ana advised that medicines be kept away from their reach while they are kept away from kitchen area to prevent burns. He advised that mothers also teach their children proper hand washing with water and soap, avoid handshakes, touching of eyes, mouth and nose with hands, wearing of facemasks and observe social distancing to protect them from contracting COVID-19. He stressed the need for increased intake of properly washed fruits and vegetables to help the body remain healthy this season. The don told mothers that hand sanitizers should not be used before handling fire or cooking because they are flammable, and under no circumstance should they allow children to swallow it. At the occasion, the women had opportunity of having medical checkup. They were also provided face masks and hand santizers to avoid contracting coronavirus.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story Reps Halt Sale Of NECO Buildings, TSB, International Trade Fair
The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, directed the supervisory Boards of Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS), International Trade Fair Complex, as well as management of National Examination Council (NECO) to halt the sale and concession of all properties within and outside the country, pending the conclusion of the… Read full story CEO Tonimas Oil And Gas, Anthony Enukeme Is Dead
The Chief executive officer of Tonimas Oil and Gas, Chief Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme is dead. Chief Enukeme, who is also APGA board of trustee member passed on at the early hours of Monday… Read full story Court Declares Aguma Rivers APC Acting Chair
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared Hon Igo Aguma, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The court also compelled the party to allow all members of the party loyal to Sen Magnus Abe, who purchased from for the congresses of the party in 2018 to take part in the process… Read full story COVID-19: Gombe Taskforce Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Positive Cases, Cry For Lack Of Funds To Operate
In his periodic update on the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state, Chairman of the Gombe State COVID-19 Taskforce, Professor Idris Mohammed, has raised an alarm of community spread of the infection… Read full story EDITORIAL: Bandits On The Prowl
LAST week, Katsina State governor, Honourable Aminu Bello Masari, vowed that he would no longer negotiate with bandits in the state. His grouse was that they had reneged on an agreement reached with the state government. According to him, they promised to repent and leave the North-West, but “they did not… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE