A former lecturer with the Waziri Ummaru Federal Polytechnic, Birnin Kebbi, Kebbi State, Mohammed Sani Nuhu, has been arraigned in court by the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC) for allegedly pocketing N6 million given to him by the school to attend a conference in the United Kingdom and pursue a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D) programme in Malaysia. The ICPC, in a four-count charge filed before Justice Usman Hassan of the Kebbi State High Court, on Monday, accused Mr. Nuhu of abuse of office when he allegedly diverted N6 million meant for attending a conference and paying for his doctoral programme into personal use. Counsel to ICPC, Mashkur Salisu, told the court that his offence violated Section 19 of the Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Act, 2000 and Section 311 of the Penal Code. The court was told of how the sacked lecturer was given N6 million grant by the polytechnic in 2017 to enable him to attend an international conference in the United Kingdom and also pursue a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) programme in Malaysia. He was alleged to have failed to attend the conference as well as declined to embark on the doctoral programme after he was paid. The accused pleaded not guilty when the charge was read to him and his counsel, S. M. Danyaro, prayed the court to grant him bail on liberal terms. Counsel to ICPC who did not oppose the bail application however prayed the court to grant him bail on terms that would enable the accused to attend trial without fail. Justice Hassan, while ruling on the bail application, granted the accused bail in the sum of N100,000 and surety in like sum. The judge said the surety must be of good character and resident in Kebbi State while the matter was adjourned for commencement of hearing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!