Deputy Governor of Benue State and Chairman of the State Committee on COVID-19, Benson Abounu, has disclosed that five medical doctors, two ambulance drivers and one emergency worker were among the people who tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. The deputy governor who disclosed this to newsmen yesterday said that the state recorded the first fatality on Monday. Abounu said that the deceased had a serious surgical operation at the Teaching Hospital in Makurdi two weeks after, he started coughing three days to his demise. The cough, according to the deputy governor made the team take his samples to Abuja for testing which returned positive. ALSO READ: Kogi govt pledges to reinforce guidance, counselling in schools He, however, said that over 100 people who have had contact with the deceased had been traced. According to the deputy governor, “The issue of the person reported to have died as a result of COVID-19 in the state, I read about it on Facebook. “But the case been referred was not managed for Covid19, it was a serious ailment, 20 days ago he had a major surgical operation opened from neck to abdomen. The gentleman in question had cancer of the bone marrow. “And when diagnosed for such ailment, hardly, can the person live up to five years. “But three days to his demise, he started coughing and his samples were taken and sent to Abuja and came out positive. ‘So, It is possible that the deceased who was not in isolation centre must have had contact with coronavirus victim through those who were visiting him in the hospital. “So, it is difficult at this stage to say that what really killed him was COVID-19. “The team has been able to trace all those who had contact with the deceased, 57 health workers, relations and family members who visited him while in the hospital over 100 of them have been traced. “So far, three doctors working with the state government were positive, there are two other doctors who tested positive in other outfits, also were two drivers of our ambulance and one emergency worker and two doctors in other outfits,” Abounu said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.