As the world celebrates the World Environmental Day 2020, the Food and Beverage Recycling Alliance (FBRA) has called for increased stakeholders’ collaboration towards restoring biodiversity and preserving the environment. The Alliance, in a statement commemorating this year’s World Environmental Day themed “Celebrate Biodiversity,” reiterated the crucial role of recycling in preserving the environment while urging consumers to imbibe a culture of proper waste disposal. The World Environment Day is an annual event designed to engage people, communities and governments to raise global awareness and action for the protection of the environment. The event is expected to galvanise global efforts and initiatives that address the growing concerns around the environment such as global warming, food security, climate change and water supply. FBRA was established in 2018 as the Producer Responsible Organization (PRO) for the food and beverage sector with a focus on enabling the collection, recovery and recycling of the post-consumer packaging waste in compliance with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) guidelines. Since inception, the group has continued to support the waste potentials in Nigeria through various initiatives such as community recycling education, buy-back schemes and engagement of stakeholders in the waste value chain to promote circular economy. According to the Chairman of the Alliance, Matthieu Seguin, the theme of this year’s celebration “Celebrate Biodiversity” is timely at a period when over one million species including plants and animal are at a risk of extinction essentially due to human activities and environmental threats posed by climate change, pollution, industrialisation, land-use change and deforestation. “Beyond the modest gains recorded in terms of significant reduction in pollution around the world, the year 2020 remains a critical moment for us, being the curtain raiser for the UN Decade on Ecosystem Restoration. We are using this opportunity to call for the need to scale up consumer education, recycling efforts and stakeholders’ support in promoting sustainable consumption and production to preserve the environment,” “The FBRA coalition, is predicated on the strong commitment of its member organisations to deliver on goals that will amongst other things, have a significant impact in the promotion of environmental sustainability. We will continue to lead this change as well as the adoption of practices and partnerships to advance this important mandate,” Matthieu said. FBRA consists of eleven forward-thinking companies namely Nigerian Bottling Company Limited/Coca-Cola Nigeria Limited, Nigerian Breweries Plc and Seven-Up Bottling Company Limited. Others are Nestle Nigeria Plc, Guinness Nigeria Plc, Intercontinental Distillers Limited, International Breweries Limited, Tulip Cocoa, Prima Caps and Preforms, DOW Chemicals and Tetrapak West Africa. Together, member organisations are committed to taking deliberate actions in providing sustainable solutions for post-consumer packaging waste recovery, environmental preservation and promotion of biodiversity in Nigeria.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Expresses Shock Over Boko Haram’s Attack On Gubio
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed deep shock at Boko Haram’s attack on Gubio village, Borno State in which the terrorists killed many people. A statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday night by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) said as news of “one the most brutal terrorist… Read full story Foreign Herdsmen: No Law Stopping Cross-Border Movements ― FG
Despite the menace posed by foreign herdsmen, the Federal Government has said that there are currently no laws preventing cross-border movements. The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, who stated this on Wednesday at the end of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the Presidential Villa in Abuja, however… Read full story Police Arrest Man For Raping 40 Women In Kano
The Police Command in Kano State has arrested a 32-year-old man, Muhammad Alfa, for allegedly raping 40 women in the past one year in the state. The Spokesman of the Command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, confirmed the arrest in a statement on Wednesday in Kano… Read full story I Have No Problem With Makinde ― Alaafin
The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, on Wednesday, said he held no grudge against Governor Seyi Makinde. There had been insinuations that Oba Adeyemi had ill-feeling towards Makinde following the recent siting of a mobile police force squadron in Ago-Are, Oke-Ogun area of the state… Read full story Africa’s COVID-19 Cases Over 200,000 ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO) says confirmed novel coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in Africa are more than 200,000. The WHO Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, gave the update on its official twitter handle @WHOAFRO… Read full story UPDATE: FEC To Initiate Tougher Action Against Rapists
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has announced that more decisive action is to be taken against rapists henceforth as the government has expressed worries about the upsurge in the menace. This followed a presentation by the Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Pauline Tallen, to the council meeting presided over… Read full story Nigeria, India, DR Congo Home To Over 33% Of World’s Poorest, Says World Bank
The World Bank has said that more than a third of the world’s poorest people live in Nigeria, India and Democratic Republic of Congo, even as the COVID-19 pandemic pushes about 100 million people into extreme poverty. Those who live on less than $1.90 per day are categorised as being in extreme poverty… Read full story COVID-19: Kogi Directs Workers On Levels 01-10 To Resume
Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has directed civil servants on Salary Grade Levels 01-10 to return to work on June 15. The directive was contained in a statement issued in Lokoja on Wednesday by the state Head of Service, Mrs Deborah Ogunmola… Read full story COVID-19: Kogi directs workers on Levels 01-10 to resume  Another Death In Aso Rock As Aisha Buhari Loses Protocol Officer
Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha Buhari, on Wednesday, announced that she lost a protocol officer, Sani Yekini, after battling with diabetes. Aisha, who made the announcement in a tweet on her official Twitter handle, described Yekini who has been working with her for four years as “a very committed… Read full story COVID-19: Senator Ndume Advocates Part-Time Status For Lawmakers, Reduction In Salary
Senator representing Borno south and Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, has advocated part-time status for lawmakers in the country due to the dwindling effect of COVID-19. In a statement made available to newsmen on Wednesday, the lawmaker who sought for the office of Senate President last… Read full story N2.2bn Land Scam: Deposed Emir Sanusi Appeals Judgment
The deposed Emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi II, on Wednesday, appealed a judgment delivered by a Federal High Court dismissing his right of fair hearing against the Kano state Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission. Counsels to the emir, Messrs Dikko and Mahmoud, filed the appeal on Wednesday… Read full story Orange Juice Excellent For Tooth Disorders, Heart Diseases —Experts
THE orange contains a variety of health-promoting properties. The fruit is a rich source of protective food ingredients like vitamin A, B, C and calcium. Recent studies have proven its superiority to any other fruit as a source of calcium. The orange also contains sodium, potassium, magnesium, copper, sulphur and chlorine… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Story Of Majek Fashek
BY the time he died on June 1, aged 57, Majekodunmi Faseke, or simply Majek Fashek to his distraught fans all over the world, had lived his life to full circle. Of course, he was not an old man, but he had arguably seen it all. From the low, deprived, humble beginnings of childhood and the boisterous struggling years of adolescence to the peak of prominence and global fame, then back to the ebb of existence, Majek Fashek had seen it all. Not many older persons could claim to have fumbled and tumbled through life than the man fondly referred to as the Rainmaker… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING