An Osun State High Court sitting in Osogbo on Wednesday declared that Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has no constitutional right to disconnect customers’ electricity without written notice. In a suit filed against IBEDC by two lawyers, Mr Kanmi Ajibola and Mr Olayinka Sokoya, who were the former chairman of the Nigeria Bar Association (NBA), Ilesa branch, Justice M.O Agboola also awarded N500,000 as general damages against IBEDC. The court granted all the reliefs sought by the claimants and equally awarded the sum of N500,000 as general damages against IBEDC for disconnecting electricity supply of the entire Ijesaland without compliance with the provision of the Electric Power Sector reforms Act which requires the IBEDC to give statutory notice in writing before disconnection.
The plaintiffs had submitted the following questions for the determination before the court: whether having regards to the NERC’S guidelines and the Provision of Electric Power Sector Reform Acts 2005, the plaintiffs being customers of the defendants are entitled to electricity service and supply in a safe and reliable manner. “Whether having regards to the NERC’S Guidelines and the Provision of Electric Power Sector Reform Act, 2005 the defendants can disconnect or shut down electricity supply to the plaintiffs without informing the plaintiffs in writing. “Whether the defendants having disconnected the electricity supply to the plaintiffs without informing the plaintiffs in writing the plaintiffs are not entitled damages and compensation.” The duo had dragged IBEDC to court for shutting down electricity supply to Olorunlagbala and Bolorunduro community of Ilesa in March 2019, saying the action of the company badly affected them as they had to forcefully look for alternative means of getting electric power for their homes and businesses. According to Justice Agboola, going by the Power Reform Sector Acts which is the legal framework and other rules guiding the power industry, it is the duty of IBEDC to supply power to their customers unhindered. While citing several relevant sections of the Acts, the judge noted that IBEDC was expected to give at least 24 hours of notice to customers before switching off the light and this must be done in writing as electricity cannot be cut off without justification. He faulted the argument of IBEDC counsel, Mr Adegbite Adeniyi, on some of the reasons he adduced to why electricity to the said areas were cut off, while noting that it is against the law for IBEDC to disconnect power at will. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Reps Approve $22.799bn External Loan, Revised 2020-2022 MTEF-FSP Amidst Protest
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved Federal Government’s request to borrow $22.799 billion external loan and the revised Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Policy Paper (FSP), as South-East lawmakers protested exclusion from the new borrowing plan… Read full story We Have Not Relaxed Ban On Religious Activities, 8pm To 5am Curfew Still In Force, Says Oyo Govt
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, headed by Governor Seyi Makinde, stated on Tuesday that it was yet to relax the ban on religious activities and the curfew imposed as a result of the pandemic. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the Task Force made its… Read full story I Expect Police To Bring UNIBEN Student’s Killers To Justice Quickly, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Uwaila Omozuwa, the University of Benin undergraduate who was raped and later died last week, saying he expected the Nigerian Police to speedily investigate the case and ensure the culprits are brought to justice… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!