The Founder/General Overseer of Victory Revival Fasting and Prayer Ministry, Bishop Elijah Orhonigbe, was on Monday in Warri, Delta State arraigned in court for the alleged rape of a teenage girl in the church auditorium. The nineteen-year-old girl (name withheld) was allegedly raped during a private deliverance session on May 20 in the church auditorium in Warri after she was allegedly drugged by the cleric. The victim, who narrated her ordeal on Monday to journalists, said the suspect had asked her mother to bring her for a deliverance session following a frightening vision that she slept with an internet fraudster, who cleaned her up with a handkerchief for ritual purpose. She said when she got to the church, which she had stopped attending for some reasons before then, the cleric gave her a bottle of olive oil to drink from and also asked her to anoint her private part herself. Thereafter, the bishop asked her to undress and lie on a mat in the church auditorium after which the man of God closed the slide door and louvre and began to have carnal knowledge of her. “He started making love to me from the back. That was all I could remember. There was semen all over my body. I shouted! “He even said I should come again. I want to be the last he will do this to,” she quipped. ALSO READ: APC displays 6 Edo governorship aspirants’ credentials for screening Distraught mother of the victim, Mrs Taye Edema, also corroborated the claims of her daughter, saying her daughter was raped and demanded justice. On his part, embattled Bishop Orhonigbe, who’s now cooling off at the police cell in A Division, Warri, denied the allegation before journalists while he was being taken to the court. According to him, “she came to church on that fateful day, May 20. The mother brought her to the church for deliverance and I prayed for her in front of the altar in the presence of three persons. “Immediately after the prayer, she left the church around 12 noon. She came back at 5 o’clock with policemen and a crowd, saying ‘this is the man’. If not, I did not rape her.” Police authorities at the Warri Area Command, however, accused the suspect of evading arrest since the incident occurred on May 20 until he was eventually apprehended Friday, June 5. Speaking on the incident, the Warri Area Commander, ACP Mohammed Garba, said the arrest of the suspect was informed by the complaint brought by the victim’s mother who’s also a member of the church. He said medical investigation carried out on the girl after the alleged rape saga corroborated the veracity of the incident. “She said the pastor had a dream that death is hovering in their house and for peace to reign, she should bring her daughter for prayers. And the woman took the lady to the church. “I think what really happened is that the pastor drugged that lady and raped her. I personally took the lady to the hospital because she was in a coma for two days. “We looked for this pastor for the past two weeks. Later on, I used my detectives to trace where he hid. I got him arrested and I am charging him to court now. “We have evidence to prove rape and we have established that this pastor has raped that girl. We have pictures. We have examined her. I took her to the doctor. He has examined her private parts and we have everything to charge this man to Court,” Garba insisted. Meanwhile, the Delta State Commissioner of Police, Mr Mohammed Hafiz Inuwa, who also confirmed the development, described the case as that of suspected druggery and rape against the cleric, adding that justice would be served appropriately. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story Growing Hunger Amidst COVID-19-Induced Inflation, Fallen Income In Nigeria
James Oghene, a middle-aged man with two kids is a chef in one of the popular fast foods based in Surulere Lagos. Every day, Mr Oghene spends an average of N1,000 from his Ejigbo residence to and from work, but since February, he has not received a salary. Neighbours are already gossiping about his wife’s weight loss due to… Read full story 2020 UTME: JAMB Holds Policy Meeting On Cut-Off Point June 16 • Says candidates can now print their result notification
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has scheduled to hold the 2020 policy meeting on June 16, 2020, to determine cut-off points for admissions into all tertiary institutions in the country. Tribune Online reports that the Policy Meeting is to be chaired by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu with… Read full story The Making Of Great Companies
No company ever starts out with the intention of failing. Every company hopes to become so great and successful that not only will it yield heart-warming returns to its owners, but will also become a standard for others. But neither greatness nor success responds to wishes; they are a result of doing what is right consistently… Read full story 7 Important Tips For New Leaders
As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE