The Police High Command on Monday finally confirmed the arrest of the two members of a kidnapping gang who kidnapped and murdered a Benue State-based medical doctor, his son and a family friend after receiving a ransom of ₦7.5m. Parading the suspects in Abuja along with 25 others over alleged offences ranging from kidnapping, armed robbery to unlawful possession of firearms, the Force Public Relations Officer FPRO, Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP, said that the suspects were picked up from their hideouts by the crack detectives attached to the Inspector General of Police, Intelligence Response Team, IGP-ITR led by Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP Abba Kyhari. He explained that the gang members confessed to having kidnapped the trio at a location in Benue State on their way to Abuja on a fateful day and took them to an unknown destination and then sent words to the family of the victims for ransom to be paid before their release The FPRO, however, lamented that despite being able to raise a cheque for ₦500,000 while in the custody of the suspects in addition to the ₦7m paid by the family, the suspects still killed the victims and buried their remains in a shallow grave. The suspects in their separate interviews with newsmen confirmed the receipt of the sum of ₦7.5 m as ransom before the victims were killed but said that it was their fleeing boss that carried the act. One the suspects confirmed of cashing the ₦500,000 cheque behind the counter in Makurdi after it was brought to him by another suspect. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Wike says more testing will save lives Another four suspected kidnappers were paraded for kidnapping and murder of one Mrs Veronica Agboh in Benue State while another group was paraded along but the group reportedly spared the life of the victim identified as Like who married to a Benue man. In a related development, three kids between ages four and six rescued from traffickers whose their biological parents remained unknown were brought before the Press during exercise. The FPRO said that the rescued kids were initially six and that three of them had been reunited with their parents after the IGP-ITR burst the child Trafficking chain while no one has come up for the rest till date He urged the members of the Public whose kids were missing to show up to check out as the kids might have been stolen at much younger ages from their ages now. Also, six suspects were paraded for incessant armed robbery incidents in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja and its environs. Speaking on the kidnapping activities in Benue State, the IGP-ITR Commander, DCP Abba Kyhari sent a final note of warning to the most kidnap kingpin in the state identified as Gana to surrender in his own interest as the Squad would do everything humanly possible to pin him down wherever he might be hiding in a matter of time. Exhibits recovered from all the suspects paraded before the Press include six AK 47 riffles, three pump-action rifles and seven other weapons as well as household items.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets
It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours
No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque
Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story How To Avoid Sliding From Success To Failure
When former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) governor, Chukwuma Soludo, directed banks to shore up their capital base to N25 billion in 2006, Intercontinental Bank was one of those that had no problem complying. The bank had built such a solid reputation for itself that when it issued its initial public offer, it enjoyed good subscription… Read Full Story AMCON Takes Over Assets Of Unicorn Place Over N1.3bn Debt
THE Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has taken over assets belonging to Ike Nwabuoku, the Chief Promoter of Unicorn Place & Leisure Services Limited over-indebtedness of over N1.3billion… Read Full Story APC NEC Meeting: Apologise, Stop Denying Your Wrong Deeds, PDP Tells Presidency
Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has flayed the President Muhammadu Buhari administration for denying the use of the Federal Executive Council Chamber for partisan purposes like playing host to the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story LAUTECH Resident Doctors Begin 5-Day Warning Strike Monday
The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital chapter, has called on its members to embark on a five-day warning strike from Monday, June 29… Read Full Story Buni’s Appointment Constitutional ― Giadom
Immediate past Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Victor Giadom has dismissed views by some critics that the appointment of the Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni as Chairman, APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Committee was in breach of the party’s constitution… Read Full Story Revenue Collection: Court Fixes July 6 For Borehole Drillers Case Against Oyo Govt, Consultant
Justice Lateef Ganiyu of the Oyo State High Court sitting in Ibadan has fixed July 6, 2020, for hearing in a case filed by some aggrieved members of the Association of Water Well Drilling Rig Owners Practitioners (AWDROP) and Borehole Drilling Association of Nigeria (BODAN) against the Oyo State Government over the… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (II)
They understand that they are responsible for their success and that good luck is not something that magically happens. “Luck” is simply the result of hard work and identifying opportunities. They know that one must earn the right to be successful. Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill states, “You are the master of your destiny… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Killings In Akinyele
AKINYELE Local Government Area in Oyo State is fast becoming a slaughter slab for innocent citizens. In the last month, five persons have been reportedly slain in cold blood in the area. Citizens Bello Barakat, Azeezat Shomuyiwa, Grace Oshiagwu, Mojeed Tirimisiyu and a yet to be identified young woman have all been… Read Full Story Obafemi Awolowo And The Struggle Of The Middle Belt
A fortnight ago, a bill was proposed by Honourable Kpam Sokpo (PDP, Benue) for enshrining the Six Geopolitical Zones into law while renaming the North Central as “Middle Belt”. Knowing what we know, this bill is a rather tall order. But it raises issues that the educated public needs to understand. The peoples of the Middle Belt… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!