No fewer than 10 people have been killed while several others were seriously wounded when a communal clash broke out in Zadawa village of Misau LGA in Bauchi State. Reports have it that the clash was over ownership of land in the surrounding settlement where herders are occupying for grazing over the years, but which was to be converted to farmland by the authorities, a development that did not go down well with the herders. A source in Misau told Nigerian Tribune that the issue has been lingering for a long time with the herder Fulanis resisting the move to make the area a farming land. Not even the assurance of a grazing section for them could pacify them. The source narrated that sometime last week, the local government authority went to the area to mark out the two portions for the herders and the farmers, but the herders resisted and chased them away a development that sparked violent reaction but the people went back. On Monday, the LG officials went back to the place with security backing but the herders were said to have violently reacted and a clash erupted leading to deaths and serious injuries from machete and other sharp objects. Another source revealed that the Emir of Misau, Ahmed Suleiman had on few occasions called the warring parties for truce in his palace as father to all, but they refused to listen to the appeal. Chairman of Misau LGA, Yarọ Mohammed Gwaran, while speaking with journalists via telephone interview confirmed the violent clash in the area, but assured that security personnel have since taken control of the situation and calm is gradually returning. Also, the member representing the area in the State House of Assembly, Hon Bakoji Aliyu Bobbo, in a telephone interview confirmed the clash and the casualties saying, however, that the situation has been bought under control as security agents have been drafted to the area to keep the peace. Bakoji Bobbo added that a stakeholders meeting was ongoing, as of the time he spoke, on how to amicably resolve the issue considering that it is a minor misunderstanding between brothers. When contacted, Bauchi State Police Command confirmed the clash through the PPRO, DSP Ahmed Wakili who said that from the sketchy report available, nine people were confirmed dead while six were injured and presently receiving treatment. The PPRO, however, said that the situation has been put under control as Police personnel and other security agents have been drafted to maintain peace in the affected areas as well as avert reprisal attacks.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!