The management of Executive Jets Services has commenced investigations into what transpired on the controversial airlift of the popular hip-hop musician, Azeez Fashola alias Naira Marley, on June 13, 2020, in contravention of the government rules against the spread of COVID-19. The management of the airline had earlier apologised to the government, attributing the airlift of the artist to what it called a mistaken identity as the name of the artist tallies with the name of the Minister of Works, Mr Babatunde Fashola. The airline management while regretting the mix up in the operation of its flight on Saturday, 13 June 2020 declared: “We have since realised the mistake made by our ground crew and a full-scale investigation has been launched to determine what transpired with a view to avoid such mistakes going forward. “We have also sent a letter of apology to the Honourable Minister of Aviation who had graciously granted us a permit ref: FMA/ATMD/0175/v/v/1268 dated 11th June 2020. “It is necessary however to state as follows: The flight was originally billed to ferry Judge Adefope Okojie to Abuja on Sunday 14th, June 2020 as requested and permit was granted based on the application. Early on Saturday, 13th June, 2020, we got information that owing to exigencies of duty, the Honourable Justice Okojie had departed Lagos for Abuja by another flight. “A few moments later, our airport staff reported that there is a charter flight to Abuja and that the passengers were already at the lounge. The passenger manifest had 10 names, including FASHOLA, BABATUNDE, which name bears resemblance to that of the Honourable Minister of Works. The minister is a Lagosian and our staff reasonably assumed he was going to Abuja along with his aides and officials. “With the benefit of hindsight, we were too eager to fly a minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, apparently without strictly observing all necessary protocols. “We express sincerely apologise for this oversight as we promise that this would not happen again. “The management of Executive Jets has no issues with Naira Marley and his team. Indeed, we hold all our fliers in very high esteem at all times. The seemingly disparaging reference in the letter to the minister was inadvertent and regrettable.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 573 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 16,658
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has announced 573 confirmed new coronavirus cases in the country on Sunday. This brings the total number of confirmed cases to 16,658…Read Full Story Naira Marley Saga: FG Suspends ExecuJet Indefinitely
The Federal Government has suspended flight operations of ExecuJet for flying a hip-hop artiste, Azeez Fashola, aka Naira Marley, from Lagos to Abuja for a musical concert. The Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced the suspension at the daily briefing by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19…Read Full Story UPDATE: APC Governors, NWC Meet With Gambari In Aso Rock •Obaseki not guaranteed victory as incumbent ― Oshiomhole
In an apparent bid to resolve the crisis arising in the run-up to the primaries in Edo and Ondo states, the chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Governors Forum and Governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu and the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) led by Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, met with the Chief of Staff…Read Full Story Lagos Govt Condemns Opening Of Private Schools, Threatens Sanctions On Recalcitrant Schools
The Lagos Government, on Monday, condemned the intentional flouting of rules by some private school owners in the state that have opened their schools to students despite the government’s directives to close schools in a bid to curb the spread of coronavirus…Read Full Story Show Empathy, Lost Lives Not Replaceable, Health Minister Tells Striking Doctors
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, told the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Monday that they cannot go on strike during a very difficult situation like this, when the country, like other nations of the world, are battling the COVID-19 pandemic…Read Full Story Ibadan/Oke-Ogun Road: Sure Route For Smugglers, Illegal Immigrants
THE Oke-Ogun region of Oyo state is one of the richest in Nigeria in terms of natural deposits and agricultural production and is acclaimed to have contributed a lot to the development of the state and Nigeria; but for many reasons, it has remained the most undeveloped and marginalised…Read Full Story NBET Gets New MD As Buhari Approves Amobi’s Removal
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the removal of Dr Marilyn Amobi as Managing Director (MD), Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading Plc (NBET), to be replaced by Dr Nnaemeka Eweluka. The Minister of Power, Saleh Mamman, made the announcement in a statement issued by his media aide, Aaron Artimas on Monday…Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Tackling Rape Epidemic
This is a season of anomie judging by the spate and frequency of cases of sexual assault, defilement and paedophilic actions in the country lately. These criminal vices are pervasive and have become a daily occurrence. The cases are legion: a 100-level university student was allegedly raped and killed at a religious centre in Benin City, Edo State; a man reportedly raped 40 women in…Read Full Story NITDA Alerts Nigerians On Fake Websites Pledging FG’s Lockdown Funds
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), has drawn the attention of the general public, especially those in the cyberspace, to the existence of fake websites in circulation, trying to capitalise on the COVID-19 pandemic to defraud unsuspecting Nigerians…Read Full Story Important WASH Practices To Stay Free Of COVID-19
WASH in the field of environment stands for Water, Sanitation and Hygiene. It goes without saying that appropriate WASH practices are key to halt the continued spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). In a presentation made by Professor Mynepalli Sridhar during the recent World Environment Day held at the…Read Full Story APC And The Price Of Impunity
The All Progressives Congress, APC, is fast becoming a house of commotions, where things seem to have fallen apart and the centre can no longer hold. Or how else do we describe the present situation in Edo and Ondo States, where the ruling party is at loggerheads with itself over its flag bearers for the coming gubernatorial…Read Full Story PHOTOS: At The Age Of 35, 30, They Are Parents Of 11 Children
A couple who never planned to have any children have revealed they now have a huge brood of eleven, the Daily Mail of UK reported. Joseph Sutton, 35, and wife Nicole, 30, live with their eight daughters and three sons in their three-bedroom home in Aspatria, Cumbria, England…Read Full Story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!