Justice C. C Ogunsanya of the Ogun State High Court, Sagamu Judicial Division, has dismissed the claims filed by Prince Oluwayomi Ademola Adeyiga, asking the court to declare that the nomination, selection and appointment of Oba Adeyinka Onakade as the Alakenne of Ikenne as illegal, null and void. The court in its judgment which was earlier scheduled to be delivered on April 9, 2020, but was shifted due to the COVID-19 lockdown and was delivered on June 3, further set aside the purported nomination and selection of Adeyiga by the Obara Ruling House as the Alakenne of Ikenne Elect on February 2018. Justice Ogunsanya further gave a declaration that the stool of the Alakenne of Ikenne was filled on May 25, 2011, when the executive council of Ogun State approved the nomination and selection of Oba Adeyinka Onakade as the Alakenne of Ikenne. In addition, the court granted an order of perpetual injunction restraining the claimant, Prince Oluyomi Ademola Odeneye-Adeyiga from parading himself as the Alakenne of Ikenne. Prince Adeyiga had filed a suit delineated HCS/62/2018 before the Ogun State High Court 2 sitting at Sagamu against Oba Mosudi Adeyinka Onakade and two others; the Governor of Ogun State and the Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, asking the court to declare that the Alakenne of Ikenne Chieftaincy Declaration Edict 1998 regulating the appointment of the Alakenne of Ikenne Chieftyaincy approved on July 15, 1998, and registered on July 17, 1988 is the only valid declaration for the Alakenne Chieftaincy. He also asked for a declaration of the court that the selection and appointment of Oba Onakade as the Alakenne of Ikenne is contrary to the provisions of the Alakenne of Ikenne Chieftaincy Declaration Edict 1998 and is illegal, null and void as well as an order setting aside his nomination, selection and appointment. Further, he asked the court to order Oba Onakade from parading himself as the Alakenne of Ikenne and to declare him as the Alakenne of Ikenne having been duly nominated by the Obara Ruling House and presented to the kingmakers in accordance with the Alakenne of Ikenne Chieftaincy Declaration Edict 1998 especially since he had performed the necessary traditional rites expected of an Oba before ascending the throne. He also asked for an order mandating the state government to recognise him and immediately set in motion the process of installing him and presenting to him the staff of office as the Alakenne of Ikenne Chieftaincy Declaration Edict 1998 and the sum of N15 million or any such sum that the court may adjudge as the cost incurred by Oba Onakade including his own solicitor’s fees in prosecuting the case. In the course of the trial, Prince Adeyiga called four witnesses while Oba Onakade called three witnesses and while the Governor of Ogun State and the Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy affairs both called only a witness. In arriving at the decision, the court held that there was no vacancy in the stool of the Alakenne of Ikenne  Chieftaincy in 2018 and even if there was vacancy, it was not for Prince Adeyiga and his family to proceed on their own volition to meet and nominate candidates and kingmakers to select the claimant without the Secretary of the Ikenne Local Government who would have been the proper person if need be in 2018 to set in motion any nomination and selection process to the stool. The court said it was taken aback by the presence of several lapses in the process which Prince Adeyiga claims produced him as the person entitled to the stool of the Alakenne of Ikenne as revealed in his pleadings before the court, adding that he put the cart before the horse. Justice Ogunddanya dismissed the claims of Prince Adeyiga and allowed part of Oba Onakade’s counterclaim to hold by restraining Prince Adeyiga from parading himself as the Alakenne of Ikenne elect. In his reaction to the judgment, the Alakenne of Ikenne, Oba Adeyinka Onakade stated that he gives glory to God that the case was resolved and described the judgment given by Justice C.C Ogunsanya in the case filed against him and the state government as a landmark as it dismissed the claims against him and upheld that he is the Alakenne of Ikenne. “Consequence upon the laudable judgment, I, Alayeluwe Oba Adeyinka Onakade, Moruwafu 1, Alakenne of Ikenne, wholeheartedly extend my hand of fellowship to all the good people of Ikenne because I believe that there is neither victor nor vanquished in this contest. I am humbly appealing to everybody to let us embrace, love, peace and cooperation to move Ikenne forward, God help us,” Oba Onakade said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock
MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC
A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock
THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story APC Appeal Committee Validates Obaseki’s Disqualification
Governor of Edo State and aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki may have reached the end of the road in his quest to fly the gubernatorial flag of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming September 19, 2020 election in Edo State… Read full story Aso Rock Crisis: Shots Fired To Stop Buhari’s PA’s Getaway Car —Sources 
THERE were indications Saturday that shots that were reportedly heard inside the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday evening, were fired in an attempt to stop Sabiu Tunde Yusuf from fleeing in a getaway car after refusing to self-isolate on return from a trip as required for COVID-19 containment protocols… Read full story Havoc In The Air! COVID-19: Aviation, Tourism Sectors In Disarray • 124,500 travel agencies jobs threatened
WHEN coronavirus broke out in Wuhan, China late last year, not many countries took notice, but by the turn of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of the year, the whole world had not only taken notice: millions of the citizens had become victims of the virus… Read full story Ordering Controversy: The Pros And Cons Of Buhari’s Executive Order 10
Save for President William Henry Harrison, all United States presidents, beginning with George Washington in 1789, had issued one executive order or the other, and the practice of using such executive power also has its origin in the same United State, with the first ever executive order, issued on June 8, 1789 by… Read full story Stop Nepotism, Embrace Others, Clark Tells Buhari
Elder statesman and convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Clark, on Friday, admonished President Muhammadu Buhari to drop the toga of nepotism and injustice against the South South, saying “things cannot continue this way… Read full story Ibadan Records Third Killing In Two Weeks As 21-Yr-Old Lady Is Macheted To Death
One Grace Oshiagwu was macheted to death on Saturday by yet-to-be identified persons, in Ibadan, Oyo State. The deceased, a 21-year-old lady was killed in a church mission building at Idi-ori Area,Shasha, off the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway… Read full story Pulling Down Christopher Columbus’ Buhari Statues
YOU may not like their reckless consumption of drugs, the airs they put on as “stars” and the pumped-up peacock ego sometimes exhibited by them at their apogee of stardom but the reality is that, popular culture musicians, that is indigenous African musicians and even Africanist musicians among them, are prophets of… Read full story Do Black Lives Matter In Nigeria?
The sheer wickedness of his murder by the police turned George Floyd into a global figure as the world rose in one accord to condemn the inhuman treatment meted to him which resulted in his death. As soon as the video of Derek Chauvin, a former Minneapolis Police Department officer, kneeling on the neck of… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!