As Nigeria joins the rest of the world to mark the 2020 World Environment Day (WED), the Federal Government said it will on Friday, June 5, 2020, hand over hand over one million seedlings to the Kaduna State Government for planting. Environment Minister, Dr Mohammad Mahmood Abubakar, who gave this hint during a press briefing, warned that over one million plant and animal species risk extinction, largely due to human activities; this is a call to action to combat the accelerating species loss and degradation of nature. The minister, according to release by the ministry, stated that the one million seedlings being handed over to Kaduna State is in fulfilment of the commitment made by President Muhammadu Buhari, at the 74th UN General Assembly in New York, to plant 25million trees to mitigate the effects of Climate Change in Nigeria. “As part of on-going efforts to meet Mr President’s directives on the planting of 25 million trees and as a symbolic gesture to commemorate the 2020 World Environment Day in the country, I will be in Kaduna on Friday, where I will hand over one million seedlings to the Kaduna State Government. “It is our ardent prayer and hope that the seedlings would be properly utilized to mitigate the effect of biodiversity, climate change and improve on our natural habitats.” “In addition, the Federal Government had also set up a National Forestry Trust Fund under the forestry department of the Ministry. In the same vein, the Ministry in partnership with Nigerian Conservation Foundation (NCF) with the support of World-Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), are working together on coalition on nature, referred to as Nature Means Business which will target the private sector and Sub-nationals to act on agreed environmental principles that will guide their business operation to reduce the impact of business on biodiversity loss. “It is worthy to note that our development support partner, Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation program (REDD+) is currently running in six states in Nigeria covering all the forest zones. This is a program that conserves already existing forest and enhances carbon stock” he said. The Minister also reiterated the Federal Government’s commitment to the Global Biodiversity Framework under the Convention on Biological Diversity, stressing that Nigeria is leading the ECOWAS Member-States on Post 2020 Biodiversity Framework. Mahmood Abubakar regretted that the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic has impacted the traditional activities such as tree-planting and public workshops which were undertaken to celebrate the day in the past and has necessitated new approaches in advocacy and communication. He described as apt the theme of the 2020 World Environment Day is indeed very appropriate, considering the fact that Researchers and Scientist have established COVID-19 to be zoonotic. According to him, the UNEP, 2020 is a year for urgency, ambition and action to address the crisis facing nature. “It is also an opportunity to more fully incorporate nature-based solutions into global climate action, especially as commemorating the day has become a powerful platform to accelerate, amplify and engage people, communities and governments around the world to take action on critical environmental challenges facing the planet.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story Akinwumi Adesina And AfDB
AFTER the Ethics Committee of the African Development Bank (AfDB) had returned a ‘not guilty’ verdict on the bank’s president, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had been accused by a group of whistleblowers of approving certain appointments and contracts that were in breach of the financial institution’s statutory and… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 350 New Cases, Total Now 11,516
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 350 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 11,516. The centre disclosed this on Tuesday night via its… Read full story COVID-19: African Nations Get $9.8bn As IMF Supports 66 Countries With $23bn
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has provided over $23 billion in emergency financial assistance and debt relief to 66 member countries facing the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. According to information sourced from IMF’s website on Thursday, sub-Saharan Africa got the highest support of $9.81 billion… Read full story Osun Relaxes Curfew, Now 9pm To 5am
The governor of Osun State, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, announced a new set of guidelines that would guide the second phase of the gradual reopening of the state’s economy, following the lockdown imposed by the government in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Experiencing Steady Rise In Maternal, Child Mortality ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, lamented that the country is experiencing a steady rise in maternal and child mortality as a result of disrupted essential services, due to the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story Through Facebook, Three Brothers Kidnap, Murder 55-Yr-Old Mother Of Five Children
Three brothers of one Emmanuel family, Johnson, Gideon and Success, have been arrested by the police for the kidnap and murder of one Mrs Janet Ogbonnaya. One of the three brothers, Johnson Emmanuel, had lured the woman, a mother of five children, via Facebook from her Gwagwalada home where they allegedly… Read full story Police Give Account Of How 21 People Were Killed In 2 LGs In Zamfara
Zamfara State police command has said 21 people were killed in attacks carried out in two local government areas of the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the police image-maker… Read full story