A woman, Adenike Bello recently dragged her husband, Sheriff Bello before Ile Tuntun Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Adenike in her divorce suit claimed that her husband was a brute and that he never ceased to beat her even when she was pregnant. She added that he daily shelved his responsibility in the home and had passed the lot to her. The plaintiff told the court she was not interested in going further in her marriage and thus pleaded with the court to separate them. Sheriff acceded to divorce. According to him, his love for Adenike has waned and their marriage can no longer work. The defendant prayed the court to grant him custody of their five children. He further entreated the court to warn her from coming to fight him in his house or work place or demand to see the children at awkward times. Adenike stated that: “I’m not ready to die now. I want to enjoy the fruit of my labour which is why I have come to court. “My husband is bent on beating me to death and if he does our children will suffer. “Sheriff beat me at every given opportunity. He didn’t desist from this even while I was twice pregnant. I bled and almost lost the pregnancies on both occasions. “Sheriff hates to contribute towards the running of the home. He has never seen it as his responsibility. “His only responsibility is to eat not caring to know how I got the money to prepare the food. “Any time I call him to be up to his responsibilities he would fight me and beat me to a pulp. “He also doesn’t care about our children’s welfare-their feeding and schooling are not his concern.  He is gradually losing our children’s respect who see me as the bread winner in the home. They hardly ever ask him for anything, “she said. The plaintiff added that: “Sheriff relates with my parents with disdain. He is always rude to them which made them maintain a distance by stop coming to our home. “My lord, I’ve had enough of my husband’s atrocities.  I pray that you separate us and grant me custody of our children because he can’t take care of them,“the plaintiff stated. “Adenike can go if she so wishes, but I entreat this honourable court not to grant her request to have custody of our children. “I have achieved nothing tangible since I got married to her.  All she knows to do is to complain and present herself a nuisance before neighbours, family members and friends. “Adenike loves to lord it over me at home and this I detest. I no longer love her. She’s a pain in the neck, “he said. “I pray the court to award me custody of our children, I can’t bear that she goes away with them. If she does, she will turn them against me, “he told the court. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade stated that it was obvious that their marriage had broken down irretrievably. Ruling, Odunade dissolved their wedlock and granted custody of their first three children to the defendant and the last two to the plaintiff. The defendant was mandated to give the plaintiff N6, 000 monthly as feeding allowance for the two children awarded her. He was also to give her N3, 000 to pack her belongings from his house and another N12, 000 to rent another apartment for a year. Both were advised to maintain peace.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING President Buhari’s Full Democracy Day Speech
Fellow Nigerians,The 2020 celebration of Democracy Day marks 21 years of uninterrupted civil administration in our dear country. This day provides us an opportunity to reflect on our journey as a nation, our achievements and struggles.
It is a day to honour our founding fathers who toiled to establish our republic and every Nigerian who has worked tirelessly to sustain it… Read full story Democracy Day: NADECO lists 12 conditions to unity, peace •Insists on return to federalism
TWENTY-ONE years after it led the struggle that culminated in the restoration of civil rule, the National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) on Thursday declared that Nigeria remained in dire straits. Accordingly, it listed about 12 fundamental conditions, including a return to federalism, coupled with the convocation… Read full story Governance: Our best not good enough since 1999 —Atiku
EFFORTS by Nigerian leaders to govern the country rightly since 1999 have not been “good enough to improve on the lives of the citizenry and grow the nation in all facets of development needs,” former vice president, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has said… Read full story ASUU Challenges FG To Provide Proofs It Saved Money Through IPPIS
The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has again challenged the Federal Government to present to the public a verifiable proof that it has saved huge amounts of money through its newly introduced Integrated Personnel and Payroll Information System (IPPIS) for workers… Read full story Reps Increase 2020 Budget From N10.805trn To N10.810trn
The House of Representatives on Thursday passed a resolution to increase the revised 2020 budget from N10.806 trillion to N10.810 trillion. The resolution was passed after the adoption of a debate on the motion sponsored by the chairman, House Committee on Finance, Hon Abiodun Faleke, who underscored… Read full story COVID-19: Reject Patients, Have Your License Withdrawn, FG Threatens Medical Doctors
The Federal Government on Thursday threatened to withdraw licenses of medical doctors who deliberately reject and turn back patients from their hospital without attending to them or offering necessary advice on what to do. Describing it as unethical and unacceptable, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, while speaking… Read full story Reopen Schools For SS3 Students First, Proprietor Tells FG, WAEC
A school administrator and principal of Adesina College, Ibadan, Mr Adejare Adesina, has advised the Federal Government to liaise with the West African Examination Council (WAEC) and other West African countries that subscribe to the council’s examinations to reopen schools for all the Senior… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdowns Deny 500m Children Access To Education ― IMF
Over 500 million children all over the world have lost access to education as a result of the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said on Thursday. The IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva, said in a statement that “More than half a billion children worldwide have… Read full story Nigeria Is 3rd Worst Country On Child Marriage Index
United Nations Children Fund (UNICEF) has said that with a figure of 3.5 million, Nigeria has the third-highest absolute number of child brides in the world and the 11th highest prevalence rate of child marriage globally. Tribune Online reports that only Bangladesh with 4.4 million and India with 15.5 million child brides are… Read full story Anxiety Over More Deaths, Rising Cases Of COVID-19 In Nigeria
THE geometric rise in the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 and the increasing casualties arising from the infection have continued to raise concerns among Nigerians. The deadly virus is still running riot despite concerted efforts to curtail it, crippling many facets of the economy as it passes the first 100 days of… Read full story Senate Threatens To Issue Warrant Of Arrest On Heads Of MDAs
The Senate has threatened to issue warrants of arrest on some ministries department and agencies of government over failure to appear before it and respond to queries by the Auditor General of the Federation. Tribune Online reports that the threat follows the refusal of the agencies of government to honour the invitation of… Read full story June 12: A Milestone For Democracy – Tinubu
The election of June 12th 1993 changed Nigeria profoundly. That it would have this deep and positive effect was not always certain. Many people laboured, struggled and sacrificed for democracy. They fought not that we would have democracy day but that Nigeria might exist as a democracy every day. When I say democracy… Read full story EDITORIAL: Defence Minister’s Lamentation
THE Minister of Defence, Bashir Magashi, has lamented that Nigeria’s military is too understaffed and underfunded to tackle the various security challenges facing the country. He made this lamentation while briefing journalists after a Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting where he said he had made a presentation on… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING