University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UITH) Ilorin, Kwara State has taken delivery of $380,000 consignment of medical equipment donated by a nonprofit organisation, Emeka Offor Foundation. The foundation also donated 100 hospital beds with mattresses, cupboards, and other accessories to mitigate challenges of COVID-19 pandemic in the hospital and the nation at large. Presenting the materials to the hospital in Ilorin on Thursday, Chief of Staff to the foundation head, Mr Chris Okey Ezike (AIG rtd.), said that the teaching hospital was nominated by the Savannah Center for Diplomacy, Democracy and Development as beneficiaries of medical equipment distribution programme for 2020. Ezike, who said that the donation was a modest contribution in the furtherance of the call by the Federal Government of Nigeria for humanitarian assistance to mitigate challenges of COVID-19 pandemic, added that the foundation has the vision to reduce poverty, create life-improving economic opportunities for those residing in Nigeria’s marginalised communities through education, health care services, youth empowerment programmes and infrastructural development.” While calling on the management of the teaching hospital to ensure that the consignment is well utilised for a targeted audience, he said that “our public health consultant and head of our education unit, Dr Umar Tanko Yakasai, shall engage in post-donation visits to ensure compliance with rules of corporate governance.” Receiving the materials, the Chief Medical Director of UITH, Professor Abdullah Yusuf, lauded the foundation for the donation, saying that the foundation had been in the forefront of improving lives since it was established in 1996. Yusuf, who assured the foundation that the consignment would be utilised for the purpose it was meant for, advising all other corporate bodies and well to do Nigerians to support health financing to boost health care delivery in the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Expresses Shock Over Boko Haram’s Attack On Gubio
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed deep shock at Boko Haram’s attack on Gubio village, Borno State in which the terrorists killed many people. A statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday night by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) said as news of “one the most brutal terrorist… Read full story Foreign Herdsmen: No Law Stopping Cross-Border Movements ― FG
Despite the menace posed by foreign herdsmen, the Federal Government has said that there are currently no laws preventing cross-border movements. The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, who stated this on Wednesday at the end of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the Presidential Villa in Abuja, however… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE