Private universities under the aegis of Committee of Vice Chancellors of Private Universities and Registrars in Nigeria have joined in the global efforts to conduct research into preventive and curative medicine for COVID-19. This was a decision reached in an online meeting of the committee held recently. Chairman of the committee and vice chancellor, Edwin Clark University, Kiagbodo, Delta State, Professor Timothy Olagbemiro, who disclosed the outcome of the meeting to Tribune Education recently said the relevant research facilities in the members’ universities across the country would be harnessed to undertake the research. During the meeting, the vice chancellors also noted with satisfaction the commitment of lecturers and universities’ management in the private universities nationwide who have been sustaining academic activities through various online platforms despite the pandemic. It, however, called for the financial support of the Central Bank of Nigeria as palliatives to mitigate the huge economic distress of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operations of private universities in Nigeria. The committee said the financial assistance is also needed to equip laboratories, classrooms and offices with advanced technology that will enhance teaching and learning environment. The body also requested for financial assistance from Tertiary Education Trust Fund to defray costs to be incurred while preparing the campuses for safety when students return after the government’s lockdown is lifted. “These expenses were not planned for, and may be difficult to add to students’ fees, knowing the financial stress parents and guardians must have gone through as a result of the pervading coronavirus pandemic,” Professor Olagbemiro said. Other issues considered at the meeting include the strategy for reopening universities after the period of the lockdown to ensure safety of students in compliance with the Federal Government’s requirements through the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, as well as the need for regular payment of salaries to encourage lecturers and other workers to remain committed to their duties. He said the committee had secured a blueprint which would be circulated to members and which would serve as a guide to the National Universities Commission, as strategy for reopening. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.