Continued from last week Automated Manual Transmission (AMT) This is a specific type of semi-automatic transmission. It consists of a conventional manual transmission with an electronically controlled hydraulic clutch and computerized gear shift control, and the driver can usually override the computer control with a clutchless manual code.  Dual-clutch transmission Although it is sometimes referred to as a twin-clutch transmission or double-clutch transmission, it is closely related to a manual transmission, it uses two separate clutches for odd and even gear sets. It can be fundamentally described as two separate manual transmissions with their respective clutches contained within one housing and working as a unit. Because it has two clutches, it switches gears faster than a manual or automatic transmission, so there is no lag because of an interruption of power to the engine. This makes it possible to speed up and slow down faster than with the other two transmissions.  Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT) A continuously variable transmission is also known as shiftless, step-less and pulley transmission. It is an automatic transmission that can change seamlessly through a continuous range of effective gear ratios. It uses two pulleys with a steel belt running between them, to continuously vary its gear ratios. The CVT simultaneously adjusts the diameter of the drive pulley that transmits torque from the engine and the driven pulley that transfers torque to the wheels. This type of transmission is reliable because it uses two pulleys held together by a strong belt.  When your transmission is saying drive me to the mechanic Grinding or odd sounds: Automatic and manual transmission both make unique sounds when they start to go bad. On an automatic transmission, you may hear humming, whining or a buzzing sound. You will also feel as if every gear is wobbling into place. The car will not engage or respond when in gear: The transmission system might not respond to engagement due to low fluid levels. Low fluid levels can create several problems such as overheating and not enough hydraulic pressure being produced to engage gears. Transmission jerks: The most common cause of hard shift is a low fluid level or excessive line pressure due to clogging or malfunctioning shift solenoid. A burning smell: Fresh transmission fluid tends to smell sweet or tart when that smell turns burnt, your transmission fluid has broken down and the system is burning too hot, leading to an increase in friction. Leaking fluid: One of the major causes of a transmission fluid leak is a gap in the transmission. This is hard to narrow down as it could be a space in a pan gasket, torque converter, fluid lines, the transmission pan or the seals. It could lead to a complete transmission failure if left ignored. If there is not enough fluid running through the system, parts will lose vital lubrication and bad things will happen inside the transmission. The check engine light is on: Once there is a problem with the transmission system, the malfunction indicator light also known as the check engine light illuminates. Grinding and shaking sensation in the gear: Gear grinding is a situation whereby the speed of your wheels and engine are not on the same page; there is a mismatch in the speed, causing a very troubling grinding noise. Immediately you notice these symptoms, please schedule a visit to your mechanic for diagnosis and inspection as soon as possible  Reactions to AutoClinic Question: My Honda Accord 2007 is showing spanner on the dashboard. Please what do I need to do? Thanks. (0806567****)  Response: The spanner sign on the instrument cluster of Honda cars/SUVs/Trucks is used to indicate that the vehicle is due for maintenance and it comes on with the preset mileage for service interval. Schedule an appointment today to have the service done by a technician. He/She should also know what to reset the interval. Any technician that doesn’t know how to do that is not qualified to work on your vehicle.  Question: Good day sir, I am Ojo Kehinde from Abeokuta. I am using a Primera 2005 model. The gearbox that came with the vehicle got spoilt by using non-recommended gear oil. So I bought another one. This one also was not working well. Then my mechanic advised that I should change the gearbox to Maxima 2.0 gearbox. After it has been fixed, it was unable to select when test-driven. We have been on it almost a year now. I need your help. Thanks, (0706378****).  Hello Ojo Kehinde, The 2005 Primera that you described here is equipped with CVT (Continous VariableTransmission) system. It is a very efficient type of transmission that has a very low tolerance for mishandling. The conversion to regular automatic transmission is a very technical and expensive process if properly done. My advice will be for you to revert to the same type of transmission that the vehicle was equipped with from the factory. Get a good supplier that can issue a proper warranty on the unit and return the vehicle to its original state, only then can you enjoy it. It will be unpleasant for you to go down the current route, not to talk of it being financially draining.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria Records 587 New Cases, Total Now 17,735
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Wednesday, announced that the country has recorded 587 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 17,735… Read Full Story FG To Concession Benin – Asaba, Abuja – Lokoja, Kaduna – Kano Highways, Others
The federal government is determined to outsource repair and maintenance of certain Federal highways, Minister of Works, Babatunde Fashola, dropped the hint on Wednesday at the National Assembly Joint Committee on Works. The concession arrangement which he called, “Highway Development and Management… Read Full Story FG, States, LGs Share N547.309bn For May 2020
The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC), on Wednesday, at its meeting via Virtual Conferencing, chaired by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Dr Mahmoud Isa-Dutse, shared to the three tiers of government, a total sum of N547.309 billion as federation… Read Full Story NEWS ANALYSIS: APC In The Last 24 Hours
The trajectory of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the country in the last 24 hours typifies the story in the timeless literary work of a dermatologist, Professor Okoro Anezionwu, One week one trouble. Almost every passing second, the party has continued to entertain Nigerians and indeed the world with a full… Read Full Story Africa’s COVID-19 Cases Surpass 250,000 ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO), Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, says the number of coronavirus cases in Africa is now over 256,000. The UN health agency gave the update on its official twitter account @WHOAFRO on Wednesday… Read Full Story No Report Of COVID-19 Transmission In Blood Recipients — Experts
CONSENSUS by experts at the Lagos State 2020 World Blood Donor Day was that COVID-19 is not likely to be transmitted through blood transfusion. Professor Sulaimon Akanmu, speaking at a webinar conference hosted by the Lagos State Blood Transfusion Service, stated that COVID -19 antibodies have been… Read Full Story ASUU Cautions Against Rushing To Reopen Schools
ACADEMIC Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has advised federal and state governments not to hasten to reopen schools until all necessary measures have been put in place to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in schools. The president of the union, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, gave the advice in an exclusive… Read Full Story COVID-19: Private Hospital Closed Down As 17 Staff Test Positive In Plateau
A private hospital in Jos, Plateau State, Rayfield Medical Services LTD, has been closed down as 17 staff of the hospital tested positive for COVID-19 after coming in contact with a coronavirus patient. The State Commissioner of Health Dr Nimkong Nadam Lar who disclosed this to newsmen in Jos said two persons with a… Read Full Story COVID-19: Concerns Over Early Discharge Of Patients
When Mr Henry Adelakin (not real name) was discharged from the isolation centre after a second test revealed he was negative of the COVID-19 infection, his relatives were thankful that the worse was over. They had kept his infection a secret to avoid stigmatisation… Read Full Story Another Harvest Of Arrests As EFCC Picks 16 Suspected Internet Fraudsters In Lagos, Ogun
It was another harvest of arrests on Wednesday as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested 16 young men suspected to be internet fraudster both in Lagos and Ogun State… Read Full Story FUOYE Student Found Dead In Boyfriend’s Hostel In OSPOLY, Iree
There was apprehension in Iree community of Boripe local government area of Osun State, as 21year-old female student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Miss Faderera Oloyede was found dead in her boyfriend hostel room. Though circumstances surrounding her death was still sketchy as of the time of… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Wadume’s Trial: Matters Arising
ON March 16, Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued an order compelling the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Burutai, to produce in court, the 10 soldiers who allegedly killed three policemen in their bid to effect the escape of millionaire kidnapping kingpin, Bala Hamisu, alias Wadume… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!