The Police Command in Kano State has arrested a 32-year-old man, Muhammad Alfa, for allegedly raping 40 women in the past one year in the state. The Spokesman of the Command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, confirmed the arrest in a statement on Wednesday in Kano. Haruna disclosed that the suspect was arrested on June 10, at about 2:00 am when he trespassed into a house at Kwanan Dangora Town in Kano, with intent to commit the heinous crime. He said that the suspect popularly known as “Mai Siket” have been trespassing into homes to have canal knowledge of the victims for a long time, noting that some of the victims referred the suspects as an evil spirit. “The suspect trespassed into a house at Kwanan Dangora town, and entered the children’s bedroom, in the process the mother of the kids caught him and alerted the neighbours. “The suspect ran away but was caught by neighbours and handed over to the police,” he said. Haruna said that in the course of the investigation, the suspect admitted raping over 40 women in the past one year, adding that some of the victims included children and an 80-year-old woman. He added that the Command had started receiving complaints from the victims raped by the suspect. The spokesman said the Commissioner of Police, Mr Habu Ahmad, had ordered the suspect to be transferred to the State Criminal Intelligence Department (SCID) for investigation. According to him, the suspect will be charged to court after investigations. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE