The Ondo State Security Network Agency, codenamed Amotekun Corps, has arrested 42 cows over alleged destruction of farmlands around Alagbaka Extension in Akure, the Ondo State capital. Chief Adetunji Adeleye, State Commander, Amotekun Corps, made this known while conducting journalists round the affected farmlands. Adeleye explained that the cows were arrested by Amotekun corps after a series of complaints by owners of the farmlands in the area. According to him, more than eight separate farmlands with crops such as maize and cassava were completely destroyed by herdsmen who usually grazed their cows around the affected area. The commander said the herders, who were heavily armed, chased away the farm owners who later contacted the corps. “On seeing the owners of the affected farmlands, the heavily armed herders attempted to kill them but the farmers ran to protect themselves. “When the joint security network, which includes the Agro-Rangers of the NSCDC, got to the scene, the herders again attempted to attack them but the security operatives overpowered them. “This led to the arrest of the cows while the herders took to their heels,” he said Adeleye warned herdsmen against destroying properties, urging them to rear their cows in confined areas to avoid wanton destruction of farmlands. He equally advised farmers not to resort to self-help anytime the cows destroyed their crops but to alert the corps for necessary actions. The commander who decried the level of destruction on the farmlands said the owners of the cows would be prosecuted. Mr Olawale Aluko, a farmer, said the herders consistently grazed their cows “on our farmlands,” while complaints made to security agencies in the past did not yield any result. He appealed to the corps commander to save farmers from the incessant attacks and harassment from herdsmen, pointing out that the herders were “destroying our means of livelihood.” (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.