The five suspected killers of Benin based lawyer, Mr Osobase Omon-Iyoha were paraded yesterday by the police in Benin. Fifty other suspected criminals arrested for various crimes in the state were also paraded by the Commissioner of Police, Mr Johnson Kokumo. Osasu Osadolor Afro, Emmanuel David, Valentine Dibie, Uwadia Taiwo Uhumwagho and Saturday Imagbe were paraded before journalists by Kokumo. The. Edo police commissioner said the suspects were arrested in various part of the state for different offences ranging from armed robbery, murder, cultism, kidnapping among others. Kokumo who reported for duty in Benin only last week said that seven of the hoodlums were arrested for alleged robbery, seven for kidnapping, five for murder, 36 for cultism. Kokumon said, the suspects – Osasu Osadolor Afro, Emmanuel David, Valentine Dibie, Uwadia Taiwo Uhumwagho and Saturday Imagbe, allegedly kidnapped and murdered Bar. Iyoha Osobase Omon to conceal the crime. ALSO READ: Delta cleric charged with alleged rape as victim narrates sexual encounter He said the suspects have confessed to the crimes, noting that the suspect would be charged to Court. The gang leader of the killers of Omon-Iyoha Osasu described the killing as a mistake, saying they didn’t know he was a lawyer. He intoned: “It was a mistake, it was two-fighting and my friend hit him on the head with a stick and he died. “We’re in a parlour when one boy threw a rod into the beer parlour which hit my friend. Then, my friend held the boy asking why he threw the stick at him and the boy said it was a mistake,” he said. “As the quarrel was ongoing between us and the boy, the Barrister and his friends joined and they started fighting us. We left and came back with our friends and continue the fighting and my friend hit him on the head with wood and he died,” He explained that his friend wanted to dump the corpse in a nearby river but on their way, they sighted police on the road, adding that they had to turn back and decided to bury in the bush. Osasu said they didn’t intend to kill the Barrister hence, he reported himself to the police. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story Growing Hunger Amidst COVID-19-Induced Inflation, Fallen Income In Nigeria
James Oghene, a middle-aged man with two kids is a chef in one of the popular fast foods based in Surulere Lagos. Every day, Mr Oghene spends an average of N1,000 from his Ejigbo residence to and from work, but since February, he has not received a salary. Neighbours are already gossiping about his wife’s weight loss due to… Read full story 2020 UTME: JAMB Holds Policy Meeting On Cut-Off Point June 16 • Says candidates can now print their result notification
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has scheduled to hold the 2020 policy meeting on June 16, 2020, to determine cut-off points for admissions into all tertiary institutions in the country. Tribune Online reports that the Policy Meeting is to be chaired by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu with… Read full story The Making Of Great Companies
No company ever starts out with the intention of failing. Every company hopes to become so great and successful that not only will it yield heart-warming returns to its owners, but will also become a standard for others. But neither greatness nor success responds to wishes; they are a result of doing what is right consistently… Read full story 7 Important Tips For New Leaders
As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place… Read full story Success Of Nigerian Troops, Product Of Buhari’s Knowledge Of War ― Tsav
Recent series of successes recorded by the Nigerian Armed Forces in the fight against terrorism and insurgency have been made possible by President Muhammadu Buhari’s deep knowledge and experience in asymmetric warfare, former Lagos State commissioner of police, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav has said… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE