Nigerian Farmers have tackled the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development over its plan to spend N13bn on control of pests in 12 northern states. Recall that the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development announced that the Federal Government had approved N13bn for the ministry to fight locusts, birds and other pests. But the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN) said the N13 billion was not provided for in the 2020 budget and therefore unappropriated by the National Assembly. Kabir Ibrahim, the National President of AFAN in a statement issued in Abuja, said that the public domain was disturbed because of the information. His words: “The farmers are at a loss when this kind of information comes out especially when they are struggling to access their farms due to insecurity. ALSO READ: Insecurity: Northern Govs engage vigilantes, others, for intelligence gathering “For the farmers who are not sure of even being able to produce anything to wake up to the realisation that the government was planning to spend this kind of money on a perceived problem even before it rears its head is nebulous.” He added, “The question we are asking is how the government came to the decision to expend this colossal sum to protect farm produce whose quantum is indeterminate because its cultivation has not even commenced and there is no veritable data to rely on in forecasting what it will actually amount to.” Ibrahim, however, called on the National Assembly to summon a stakeholder hearing to appraise the matter. He said, “At the end of the hearing, the government should be advised to reappraise the performance of the drivers of agriculture in Nigeria. “While we applaud the efforts and concern of the President on the promotion of agriculture for food security and national development, it will be unpatriotic to keep quiet in the face of this obtuse and reductive appraisal of an integral component of the national food system”. The association also called on the government to quickly evolve a directorate to take charge of the attainment of food security in Nigeria to avert food shortage that could lead to the collapse of the whole governance system of the country.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.