President Muhammadu Buhari is expected to flag off the $2.8billion Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano (AKK) natural gas pipeline project by 30th, June 2020, the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva on Tuesday disclosed. The 614km-long pipeline project being developed by Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) will transport natural gas from the South to North. The Minister who made the disclosure at a partially virtual event in Abuja also inaugurated the committee on Gas Sector-wide Review of the domestic Gas pricing framework. He said the committee will be charged with evaluating and reviewing gas prices in the country. According to him, members of the committee are to review domestic gas price and benchmark, make recommendations for an appropriate gas price for the respective gas sectors, make evaluations, technical suggestions with a turnaround time of thirty days. While stressing the need for an appropriate price system which would greatly benefit the manufacturing industry, he said there is a need to ensure its affordability. ALSO READ: International Widows Day: Akeredolu’s wife assures Ondo widows of better life He said: “without appropriate pricing, we cannot have it right. We have to ensure that gas becomes affordable. That is the only way our country can strive. It is sad to note that we sell gas cheaply to investors while the price is high in the domestic sector to the extent that some Nigerians say diesel is cheaper than gas. “Once we solve the issue of gas in Nigeria we would have solved a lot of problems in Nigeria. Luckily for us, gas is something we have in abundance.” Sylva noted that members of the committee were people with diverse opinions saying; “I think it is for a good reason that this committee is as large as it is. Members of the committee have been chosen to bear in mind the need for diverse opinions, commitment and dedication.” On his part, Chairman of the committee Engr. Yusuf Usman, Chief Operating Officer Gas and Power, assured that the committee would look into the commodity and evaluate its price in comparison with global standards. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.