 Pioneer experts in the field of environmental consultancy in Nigeria have said that professionalism and integrity are key attributes for success as an environmental consultant. The experts made the above remarks at an event to mark the fifth anniversary of Greenway Environmental and Public Health Services Ltd, held at the University of Ibadan’s Centre for Sustainable Development on Saturday. Speaking on the need for environmental consultants, one of Nigeria’s pioneer environmental consultants and Executive Chairman of Jawura Environmental Services Limited, Professor Olabisi Osibanjo, pointed out that: “Finding solutions to environmental problems are multidimensional and cannot be done by just one person or entity. Even government that regulates the environment doesn’t have all the knowledge or the tools. The government will rely on consultants.” Professor Osibanjo, who was a consultant to the Nigerian government on the 1988 Koko toxic waste dumping said that, “People whose livelihood and survival are threatened by reckless and improper use of the environment can also have their own consultants to confront government if the government is not fulfilling its role.” He however noted that, “There are many unqualified consultants parading themselves as consultants, and if that is so, the environment will suffer, the people who hired them will not get value for money, and we are all going to be at risk.” According to him, some people rushed into consulting only for the money. Professor Mynepalli Sridhar, who began environmental consulting in Nigeria in the 70s, also noted that many “who call themselves consultants are really not consultants. They pretend to be consultants but can’t deliver the goods. They have penetrated government and unfortunately government patronises them. What I expect from a consultant is that he should be knowledgeable and try to find a solution to a problem, and not complicate the problem. Also, in the process integrity should be maintained.” He added that consultants face “temptations and are susceptible to corruption.” He said consultants should be economical and not make the client spend more money. “In a developing country that is most important,” Professor Sridhar noted. Both Osibanjo and Sridhar, however, commended the founder and CEO of Greenway Environmental and Public Health Services Ltd, Professor Godson Ana, for upholding the ethics and standards in the practice of environmental consulting over the years, even as student. Professor Ana at the event said that the event was to take stock of what his company has been able to achieve in the past five years. He said that Greenway Environmental and Public Health Services Ltd was the first consultancy firm to combine environment and public health. He said the company has participated in health impact assessment for Federal and state government projects, as well as consulting for corporate bodies such Guinness Nigeria Plc. Professor Ana, however, noted that the challenge affecting Nigerian companies in general had taken their toll on environmental consultancies also. “It is incumbent on companies to have health, safety and environment departments. Those are the people we do business with. But in today’s Nigeria, businesses are not thriving; the economy is poor and it is affecting the business. But we are not deterred, we are optimistic believing that things will change. It’s all about being resilient.” The event also had the participation of the Oyo State Ministry of Environment and NESREA, and the establishment of the Greenway Educational Endowment Fund.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING MONDAY LINES: America Has Trump; We Have Buhari
WHATEVER made Olubadan to have Adedibu/ We also have Omisore…(Oun t’ó m’Ólúbàdàn t’ó fi l’Ádédibú/ Àwa náa l’Ómísore)” This song was popular at Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rallies in Osun State some years ago. The rhythm there is in the strong, no-nonsense characters of Alhaji Lamidi Adedibu and Otunba Iyiola… Read full story Covid-19: Buhari May Ease Restrictions Today
There are indications that President Muhammadu Buhari may authorise further easing of the lockdown imposed on the country to contain the spread of Covid-19 following his receipt, on Sunday, of recommendations from the Presidential Task Force on the pandemic… Read full story Mariam Sanda Killed Her Husband, Police Insist •Asks Appeal Court to affirm her death sentence
The Police has prayed the Abuja Division of the Court of Appeal to uphold the death sentence on Mariam Sanda by an Abuja High Court for killing her husband, Bilyaminu Bello. In its brief of argument filed in response to the appeal filed by Sanda’s legal team led by Joe Kyari Gadzama (SAN), the police submitted that the… Read full story Return To Roundtable Or Face Consequences, FG Threatens Striking ASUU
Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige says there will be consequences if the striking Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) refuse government’s overture to return to the negotiating table. Ngige disclosed this on Sunday in a statement signed by his media aide, Emmanuel Nzomiwu, in Enugu… Read full story You Must Belong To All Of Us, Dangiwa Counsels Buhari
The former military governor of Kaduna State, Colonel Abubakar Dangiwa Umar (rtd) has counselled President Muhammadu Buhari against lopsided appointments, and called on him to “belong to all of us.” In an open letter to Buhari on Sunday, Dangiwa apparently responding to the claim of Buhari that he belongs to… Read full story Lagos Begins Register-To-Open Initiative To Open State’s Economy
The Director-General, Lagos State Safety Commission, Mr Lanre Mojola, at the weekend disclosed that the commission is set to begin the Register-To-Open initiative of the state government, saying this was in line with the directives of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s administration towards reopening of the state economy… Read full story Rape, Murder Of Our Student Shocking, Says UNIBEN
The University of Benin (UNIBEN) has expressed shock over the rape and subsequent murder of one of its students, Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a 100 level student of Microbiology. Vera, 22 was reportedly killed on Wednesday, May, 27 by the Rapists who savagely hit her head with the canister of a big fire extinguisher at… Read full story At 65, Customs Boss, Hameed Ali Takes New Wife
The Comptroller General of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Col. Hameed Ali (Rtd) over the weekend got married to a new bride, Hajiya Zainab Abdullahi in a wedding ceremony devoid of fanfare because of the prevalence of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story EDITORIAL: Lopside Appointments In Federal Agencies
THE case against the Muhammadu Buhari administration has always rested on two distinct arguments. The first argument is that, for reasons that space will not permit, the administration has lacked the creativity, urgency and agility needed to accomplish great things in a country as complex and invariably tightly wound as… Read full story Will Nigerians Pay More For Fuel As Crude Price Rallies?
Nigeria’s efforts at removing fuel subsidy since the advent of democratic rule since 1999 have been unsuccessful. Recent announcement by the government that fuel subsidy is gone forever now seems to be just a political statement due to the fact that the government failed to provide any pricing template for May 2020… Read full story Choices That Determine Leaders’ Success
Most leadership failures are traceable to poor choices. Poor choices made by leaders result in bad decisions which lead to undesirable results. How strong, stable and successful a company gets is determined by how sound and profound its choices are. The prosperity or otherwise of a nation is an indication of the kind of choices… Read full story Leadership Beyond The Storm
He had led his team from one victory to another even in the face of stiff competition from the corporate behemoth that seemed to monopolize the landscape. He was formerly in the employ of Saujamite Ltd as the Personal Assistant to the CEO. However, as he demonstrated leadership in a way that put him firmly… Read full story Lynching Akinwumi Adesina
The culture of lynching and genocide is deeply embedded in the gestalt of American race relations. And this, despite the Civil Rights Act 1964. As late as the 1960s in the Jim Crow South, it was the norm for the Ku Klux Kan (KKK) to fish out a young African-American for allegedly staring at a white woman and to hang him on a tree… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING