Justice Lateef Ganiyu of the Oyo State High Court sitting in Ibadan has fixed July 6, 2020, for hearing in a case filed by some aggrieved members of the Association of Water Well Drilling Rig Owners Practitioners (AWDROP) and Borehole Drilling Association of Nigeria (BODAN) against the Oyo State Government over the appointment of a consultant to collect revenue in the borehole drilling industry in Oyo State. The borehole drillers had joined alongside the state government, a consultant, Royal Gem Multi-Sector Limited which was approved by the government to collect revenue and regulate drilling of a borehole in the state as well as the Oyo State Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources as respondents. The claimants’ legal representative, Mr Olaniyi George, had in the process before the court argued that the Oyo State government has no power to appoint a consultant to regulate the activities of his client and they cannot be compelled to pay into the consultant’s account under the law. George had averred that a government that cannot provide drinkable water for the public cannot tax the public who decided to sink a borehole for their private consumption and had urged the court to declare that the Oyo State government and its agencies cannot demand multiple taxes from the public and the claimant as revenue to the state under whatever guise. He further asked the court to order that the appointment and selection of a consultant firm as revenue collector in borehole drilling in the state were in breach of the provision of extant policy and urged the court to order the consultant to account for the money so far collected from the drillers on behave of the government. ALSO READ: PPPRA opens up on deregulation of downstream sector In his defence, counsel to the consulting firm, Mr Rotimi Daramola, said that the appointment of the consultant by the government was to check indiscriminate drilling of a borehole in the state and safeguard the environment, adding that the consultant appointed by the government was also a drilling company assigned the duty in order to regulate and ensured that drillers are following a standard procedure to prevent the occurrence of unwarranted future hazard like earthquake among others. He argued that said that the claimant is only trying to avoid the system put in place and are unwilling ready to comply with the directive of the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources on drilling to protect the environment. “It is a must for the claimants to be registered, licensed with the government and present e-receipt of payment to the consultant with which the consultant will issue a permit to them to drill. They must be licensed with the government before they can embark on drilling, which they are trying to avoid,” he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!