The Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) has called on both the federal and states governments, to ensure that their actions are guided by the rule of law and obedience to orders of courts. The National Publicity Secretary of the NBA, Kunle Edun said in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Friday that security agencies must act within the ambits of the law and respect the constitutionally guaranteed fundamental rights of Nigerians. The statement titled, NBA Official Statement on June 12: Democracy day, not yet Uhuru” said, until the security agencies stop the indiscriminate arrest and detention of Nigerians until Nigerians are no longer killed or maimed by security agencies. “Until Nigerians are no longer threatened with arrest and detention for expressing their constitutional right to freedom of expression until Nigerians are no longer arraigned in court on bogus criminal charges, the true essence of June 12 will remain elusive”, the NBA spokesperson stated. ALSO READ: Igbo leaders to FG: Compensate Abiola’s family for injustice of June 12 He said the NBA will continue to ensure that the guaranteed rights of Nigerians are protected and do all that is necessary to ensure the survival of democracy and added that, “We believe, that is the only way we could truly honour the spirit of June 12”. The statement said June 12 symbolises the power and democratic will of the people over dictatorship and authoritarian rule. “27 years after the martyrdom of Chief M.K.O. Abiola, Nigeria has yet to experience true democracy. The will of Nigerians is yet to find expression in the governance of the country. “The rule of law is daily threatened and subjugated, human rights abuse is still rife amongst our security agencies and, the independence of the judiciary has come under attack with undue interferences by the Executive and Legislative arms of government”, he said and stressed the need for a virile and courageous judiciary in the country. The Nigerian version of Democracy, the NBA noted, lacks the semblance of what true democracy represents, and sadly, some of the political leaders act like emperors over a conquered people. “In a true democracy, the political class do the bidding of the people, not the other way round. “The National and States’ Houses of Assembly are helpless, because of the overbearing and domineering influence of the Executive arm of government. Corruption is still very rife. Nothing has really changed. “The NBA views these disturbing trends as threats to the attainment of true democracy,” the statement noted. Anxiety Over More Deaths, Rising Cases Of COVID-19 In Nigeria
THE geometric rise in the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 and the increasing casualties arising from the infection have continued to raise concerns among Nigerians. The deadly virus is still running riot despite concerted efforts to curtail it, crippling many facets of the economy as it passes the first 100 days of… Read full story Senate Threatens To Issue Warrant Of Arrest On Heads Of MDAs
The Senate has threatened to issue warrants of arrest on some ministries department and agencies of government over failure to appear before it and respond to queries by the Auditor General of the Federation. Tribune Online reports that the threat follows the refusal of the agencies of government to honour the invitation of… Read full story June 12: A Milestone For Democracy – Tinubu
The election of June 12th 1993 changed Nigeria profoundly. That it would have this deep and positive effect was not always certain. Many people laboured, struggled and sacrificed for democracy. They fought not that we would have democracy day but that Nigeria might exist as a democracy every day. When I say democracy… Read full story EDITORIAL: Defence Minister’s Lamentation
THE Minister of Defence, Bashir Magashi, has lamented that Nigeria’s military is too understaffed and underfunded to tackle the various security challenges facing the country. He made this lamentation while briefing journalists after a Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting where he said he had made a presentation on… NBA NBA NBARead full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING