The Bayelsa COVID-19 Task Force has recorded one new death and 14 confirmed cases from the coronavirus pandemic as announced by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Dr Jones Stowe, Director of Public Health and a member of State COVID-19 Task Force who gave further details in a statement on Monday in Yenagoa, said the new death brings the total number of deaths to 10 in the state. On the total number of cases, the Director said that with the new 14 cases, the state now has 169 confirmed cases. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Bayelsa had less than 200 isolation capacity. “The 14 new confirmed cases were reported for Bayelsa State on June 21, by NCDC. The total number of confirmed cases in the state is now 169. Though, active cases stood at 130, while discharged cases are 29 persons. “Unfortunately, one new death was also recorded bringing the total number of death to 10. “We call on the general public to please, adhere strictly to the recommended Public Health advisories to reduce the transmission of COVID- 19. “Maintain regular washing of hand, use your nose mask, avoid handshake and crowd; stay safe, MaskUpBayelsa,” he advised. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!