The Boma Local Court in Lusaka has granted divorce to a couple that has been married for 15 years because the husband spends too much time praying instead of working. This was a case in which Nakapizye Chungu took Derek Sikazwe to court. Chungu told senior local court magistrate, Gaston Kalala, she wanted divorce because her husband was irresponsible and only stayed home praying while she provided for the family. According to The Zambia Observer, Chungu stated that after they got married in 2004, they never lived well for a long time because Sikazwe never used to support the family. “I was always the one paying rent and buying food. I never  got any support from him. Most times he would just stay home praying while I was out making money. “I saw it fit for him to babysit sometimes because he just stayed home. I just want a divorce and for him to be supporting our children,” Chungu said. “Sometimes Sikazwe would go home and eat without even asking where the food had come from. “A husband should be a provider, but he was never even concerned about where the food he ate came from. He later disappeared from home and stopped communicating,” Chungu said. She said she did not know where he was and she was left alone to care for the children. However, Sikazwe told the court that he acceeded to divorce because from the start, she had been treating him like a dependent and not a husband. “I’m the one who used to bath and take the child to the toilet while she’s out doing business. “Yes, she would pay rent and the child’s school fees, but I would also help out sometimes. “ I’m the one who used to cook because she would come at 10:00 pm and just be on her phone,” he said. “I used to sleep in tears because in the bedroom she would tell me “you don’t make me happy”. She told me I look sick. So we always used condoms when having sex,” Sikazwe said. He said he complained to a pastor who told him the problem was that she had money and I didn’t. Sikazwe said he disappeared from home because of some issues and his wife told the children that he was in prison for stealing people’s money. “As I was trying to solve those issues, I heard my wife has been impregnated by another man who she is presently living with and who she told that I was just a ‘by the way’ thing. “She told me I’m not her type and that I should find someone else. “My wife likes a luxury life and this I can’t afford,” Sikazwe concluded. The court granted the couple divorce with no compensation because both contributed to the downfall of their marriage. It also found that the marriage could not work as there was infidelity in the wife’s part while the husband failed in his duties as the breadwinner.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story COVID-19: Increased Number Of Cases, Warning Signal ― Minister
The Federal Ministry of Health says the increasing number of coronavirus infections in the country should be a warning that the fatality rate could rise. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, gave the warning at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country on Thursday in Abuja… Read Full Story COVID-19: Striking Doctors Are Frustrated, Health Minister Admits • Says FG can’t dictate to states
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, admitted that the striking doctors under the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have some things they are really frustrated about. Ehanire, who said he had a frank discussion with the young doctors in his office on Thursday morning over their… Read Full Story COVID-19: FG Takes Measures To Reduce Fatality Rate, Signs Pact With Republic Of Korea
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF), on Thursday, announced measures to limit and reduce the COVID-19 fatality rate, which it said has hit 469 deaths as at Thursday morning. Speaking at the PTF daily briefing, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said the increasing number of cases should be a warning that… Read Full Story FG Moves To Reduce High Rate Of Illegal Gold Mining, Smuggling
In its efforts to minimise the high rate of illegal gold mining and smuggling, the Federal Government, on Thursday, said it is currently creating a gold ecosystem, which would also increase government’s revenue from the resource, create jobs, and improve environmental and social stewardship… Read Full Story Sharif, CNG Leader, Regains Freedom
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has confirmed the release of Nastura Ashir Sharif, its chairman, Board of Trustees on Thursday. Recall that Sharif was arrested on Tuesday afternoon and moved to Abuja shortly after the peaceful protests in Katsina against the killings of helpless and defenceless citizens by bandits… Read Full Story Rapists Will Be Hung To Death In Kaduna ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has assured the people of Kaduna State that no matter what it takes he will sign the law that recommends death penalty by hanging for rapists in the state. This was disclosed by the Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba, in her verified Twitter handle… Read Full Story Kaduna’s Sultan Bello Mosque Resumes Juma’at Prayer Today
SULTAN Bello Mosque, Kaduna, has acquired three disinfectant machines as part of measures to safeguard worshippers from coronavirus infection and help in restoring the mosque to safe and beneficial use for the ummah. The Chief Imam of the mosque, Sheikh Mohammed Suleiman Adam, who made the disclosure in an interview… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Reps And The Media Lockout
REPORTS in the media last week indicated a direct assault on press freedom by the House of Representatives. The assault was carried out at a public hearing on the vexatious Control of Infectious Diseases Bill organised by its joint Committee on Health Services, Health Institutions and Justice… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!