Osun State has recorded an additional two new COVID-19 cases, bringing the number of confirmed cases in the state to 47. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Rafiu Isamotu, who made this known in a statement, on Wednesday, said the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Tuesday confirmed one of the two cases while the result of the test of another case returned positive. He disclosed that one of the two cases was a returnee from Ibadan, and the other is a resident of Ikire, who also had contact with her visitor from Ibadan. Isamotu added that the two patients were nursing serious ailments. He further said with the discovery of two new cases, the number of active cases in the State now stands at seven, as at June, 3rd 2020. “The state has recorded two new cases, bringing the number of active cases in the state to seven. Sadly, the two newly recorded cases are nursing serious ailments that have significantly depressed their immune status,” Isamotu remarked. He, however, urged residents of the state to continue to abide by the measures put in place by the state government in ensuring that the coronavirus is contained. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Reps Approve $22.799bn External Loan, Revised 2020-2022 MTEF-FSP Amidst Protest
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved Federal Government’s request to borrow $22.799 billion external loan and the revised Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Policy Paper (FSP), as South-East lawmakers protested exclusion from the new borrowing plan… Read full story We Have Not Relaxed Ban On Religious Activities, 8pm To 5am Curfew Still In Force, Says Oyo Govt
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, headed by Governor Seyi Makinde, stated on Tuesday that it was yet to relax the ban on religious activities and the curfew imposed as a result of the pandemic. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the Task Force made its… Read full story I Expect Police To Bring UNIBEN Student’s Killers To Justice Quickly, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Uwaila Omozuwa, the University of Benin undergraduate who was raped and later died last week, saying he expected the Nigerian Police to speedily investigate the case and ensure the culprits are brought to justice… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!