The Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare II should call politicians in Edo State together to ensure they have an agreement on maintaining peace. He should task them to shun any act capable of disturbing public peace in the interest of law-abiding citizens of the state, especially at this period of party primaries in the state. As a well-respected monarch both home and abroad, I am calling on Oba Ewuare II to use his office to summon all stakeholders in the politics of the state and advise them to tolerate one another and work for the common goal of bringing development to every nook and cranny of the state. I want to make a passionate appeal to all aggrieved politicians in Edo state to seek redress in the court of law rather than engage in violent acts which are detrimental to social development. ALSO READ: We joined strike to save our lives, patients ―UCH doctors We need peace in Edo State; the lives of law-abiding citizens of Edo State should be put into consideration at this crucial time. Edo State is a peaceful state under the current reign of Oba Ewuare II and the non-participation of royal fathers in partisan politics does not prevent them from calling their sons and daughters who are politicians to order, especially when it is clear that they are not treading the right path. Kings are custodians of culture and should be able to speak to their subjects on the need to maintain peace irrespective of differences as they all have a stake in the development of the town and the state as a whole.
Jimoh Mumin, Esq.
Ibadan. COVID-19: Concerns Over Early Discharge Of Patients
When Mr Henry Adelakin (not real name) was discharged from the isolation centre after a second test revealed he was negative of the COVID-19 infection, his relatives were thankful that the worse was over. They had kept his infection a secret to avoid stigmatisation… Read Full Story Another Harvest Of Arrests As EFCC Picks 16 Suspected Internet Fraudsters In Lagos, Ogun
It was another harvest of arrests on Wednesday as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested 16 young men suspected to be internet fraudster both in Lagos and Ogun State… Read Full Story FUOYE Student Found Dead In Boyfriend’s Hostel In OSPOLY, Iree
There was apprehension in Iree community of Boripe local government area of Osun State, as 21year-old female student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Miss Faderera Oloyede was found dead in her boyfriend hostel room. Though circumstances surrounding her death was still sketchy as of the time of… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Wadume’s Trial: Matters Arising
ON March 16, Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued an order compelling the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Burutai, to produce in court, the 10 soldiers who allegedly killed three policemen in their bid to effect the escape of millionaire kidnapping kingpin, Bala Hamisu, alias Wadume… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!