After a thorough intelligence gathering and investigation, the Nasarawa State Command of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) arrested a man on Tuesday for allegedly raping a 3-month-old baby in Adogi village of Nasarawa State. In a statement by Ekunola Gbenga, Media Assistant to the Commandant General ‘NSCDC’ on Tuesday, said, Ahmadu Yaro, 27 was arrested Tuesday, for sexually assaulting and brutally injured a three-month-old baby (names withheld). Yaro, the prime suspect of Angwan Mai Angwa Muhammadu Madan Tara Adogi, was once arrested by the members of the community about two years ago but the case was discharged without the involvement of any security agency. On the 14th day of June 2020 at about 1533hours on Sunday, we received intelligence information that a baby of three (3) months old was sexually assaulted and brutally injured by an unknown person and was taken to the Dalhatu Arab Specialist Hospital (DASH) Lafia on the 27th of May, 2020 at about 0300hours. After series of examination at Dalhatu Arab Specialist Hospital, it was realized that her case is beyond Dalhatu Arab Specialist Hospital and was referred to the Jos University Teaching Hospital (JUTH) Plateau State dated the 28th day of May 2020. Maimuna Adam, mother of the victim explained that the incident, raping of a 3-month-old baby occurred in the midnight of May 27, when the family was asleep and the door to their room was left open due to heat being experienced in the area. “The incident occurred on Wednesday 27 of last month when suddenly I woke up around 3 am and found that my baby was missing. I checked my phone which was also close to me before I slept, but it was also missing,” the mother narrated. Maimuna said soon after she realised that something was wrong with her infant daughter, she began to shout and people in the compound and others woke up to come to the aid of the family. ALSO READ: Maina: Why I stood as surety for ex-pension boss ―Senator Ndume She explained that when both men and women of the village trooped into their compound, they went out in search of the baby on foot and motorcycles, and ultimately the child was found in an uncompleted building bleeding. “She was found lying in the building with her pant kept aside. Everywhere across her private part was blood and then we rushed her to the hospital, “ she added. The Adogi Town have been witnessing this series of devilish acts. This is the fifth attempt, investigation revealed. The suspect testified that he had been involved in several sexual cases of abuse especially against babies in that community. The Corps, however, assured that the suspects would be arraigned in court as soon as investigation into the case was completed. The Commandant General Abdullahi Gana Muhammadu, therefore, urged all parents and guardians to ensure close supervision and proper attention to their wards to prevent unscrupulous elements from taking undue advantage of the vulnerable ones. Gana also admonished youths to shun all social vices such as rape, theft, cultism, vandalism, riot among others in the good interest of the nation. I, therefore, encourage Nigerians to be bold enough to report any form of sexual assault or misbehaviours to the ‘Citizens’ Integrity Unit’, CIU of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC at any of our formation across the nation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say were locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.