THE National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) has revealed that crop production accounted for 90.54 per cent of overall nominal growth of the agriculture sector in the first quarter of this year. NBS made the disclosure in its Quarterly National Accounts (QNA), an integrated system of macroeconomics designed to describe the entire system of production in a nation on a quarterly basis. The report further disclosed that food services, among others, witnessed a weaker performance relative to Q1 2019 caused in part by the economic sabotage from the current novel coronavirus pandemic situation. The report reads in part, “Four sub-activities make up the Agricultural sector: Crop Production, Livestock, Forestry and Fishing. The Agriculture sector grew by 22.47% year-on-year in nominal terms in Q1 2020, showing a decline of –0.11% points from the same quarter in 2019” “Comparing the preceding quarter’s growth rate of 13.80%, this indicates an increase of 8.66% points. Quarter-on-quarter growth stood at –19.58% in Q1 2020. “Agriculture contributed 20.88% to nominal GDP in the first quarter of 2020, higher than the rates recorded for the first quarter of 2019, but lower than Q4 2019 which recorded 19.10% and 23.38% respectively.” The report further noted that the agriculture sector in the first quarter of 2020 grew by 2.20% (year-on-year) in real terms – that is without taking into accounts the recent inflation and rise in price. This, the report added, translates to a decrease of –0.97% points compared to the corresponding period of 2019, and –0.11% points from the preceding quarter which recorded a growth rate of 2.31%. On a quarter on quarter basis, the report showcased that the real agriculture sector growth was –27.81%. However, the sector contributed 21.96% to overall GDP in real terms in Q1 2020, slightly higher than the contribution in the first quarter of 2019 but lower than the fourth quarter of 2019 which stood at 21.89% and 26.09% respectively. On the other hand, the non-oil sector in the first quarter grew by 1.55% in real terms. This, it says, was slower than the -0.93% recorded during the first quarter of 2019. “In real terms, the Non-Oil sector contributed 90.50% to the nation’s GDP in the first quarter of 2020 less than its share in the first quarter of 2019 which was 90.78% and the fourth quarter of 2019 recorded as 92.68%,” NBS wrote in the report. The QNA provides a picture of the current economic status of the economy that is more timely and frequent than that provided by Annual National Accounts (ANA). The report helps the government to assess, analyse, and monitor economic growth on a regular basis.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING MONDAY LINES: America Has Trump; We Have Buhari
WHATEVER made Olubadan to have Adedibu/ We also have Omisore…(Oun t’ó m’Ólúbàdàn t’ó fi l’Ádédibú/ Àwa náa l’Ómísore)” This song was popular at Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rallies in Osun State some years ago. The rhythm there is in the strong, no-nonsense characters of Alhaji Lamidi Adedibu and Otunba Iyiola… Read full story Covid-19: Buhari May Ease Restrictions Today
There are indications that President Muhammadu Buhari may authorise further easing of the lockdown imposed on the country to contain the spread of Covid-19 following his receipt, on Sunday, of recommendations from the Presidential Task Force on the pandemic… Read full story Mariam Sanda Killed Her Husband, Police Insist •Asks Appeal Court to affirm her death sentence
The Police has prayed the Abuja Division of the Court of Appeal to uphold the death sentence on Mariam Sanda by an Abuja High Court for killing her husband, Bilyaminu Bello. In its brief of argument filed in response to the appeal filed by Sanda’s legal team led by Joe Kyari Gadzama (SAN), the police submitted that the… Read full story Return To Roundtable Or Face Consequences, FG Threatens Striking ASUU
Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige says there will be consequences if the striking Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) refuse government’s overture to return to the negotiating table. Ngige disclosed this on Sunday in a statement signed by his media aide, Emmanuel Nzomiwu, in Enugu… Read full story You Must Belong To All Of Us, Dangiwa Counsels Buhari
The former military governor of Kaduna State, Colonel Abubakar Dangiwa Umar (rtd) has counselled President Muhammadu Buhari against lopsided appointments, and called on him to “belong to all of us.” In an open letter to Buhari on Sunday, Dangiwa apparently responding to the claim of Buhari that he belongs to… Read full story Lagos Begins Register-To-Open Initiative To Open State’s Economy
The Director-General, Lagos State Safety Commission, Mr Lanre Mojola, at the weekend disclosed that the commission is set to begin the Register-To-Open initiative of the state government, saying this was in line with the directives of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s administration towards reopening of the state economy… Read full story Rape, Murder Of Our Student Shocking, Says UNIBEN
The University of Benin (UNIBEN) has expressed shock over the rape and subsequent murder of one of its students, Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a 100 level student of Microbiology. Vera, 22 was reportedly killed on Wednesday, May, 27 by the Rapists who savagely hit her head with the canister of a big fire extinguisher at… Read full story At 65, Customs Boss, Hameed Ali Takes New Wife
The Comptroller General of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Col. Hameed Ali (Rtd) over the weekend got married to a new bride, Hajiya Zainab Abdullahi in a wedding ceremony devoid of fanfare because of the prevalence of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story EDITORIAL: Lopside Appointments In Federal Agencies
THE case against the Muhammadu Buhari administration has always rested on two distinct arguments. The first argument is that, for reasons that space will not permit, the administration has lacked the creativity, urgency and agility needed to accomplish great things in a country as complex and invariably tightly wound as… Read full story Will Nigerians Pay More For Fuel As Crude Price Rallies?
Nigeria’s efforts at removing fuel subsidy since the advent of democratic rule since 1999 have been unsuccessful. Recent announcement by the government that fuel subsidy is gone forever now seems to be just a political statement due to the fact that the government failed to provide any pricing template for May 2020… Read full story Choices That Determine Leaders’ Success
Most leadership failures are traceable to poor choices. Poor choices made by leaders result in bad decisions which lead to undesirable results. How strong, stable and successful a company gets is determined by how sound and profound its choices are. The prosperity or otherwise of a nation is an indication of the kind of choices… Read full story Leadership Beyond The Storm
He had led his team from one victory to another even in the face of stiff competition from the corporate behemoth that seemed to monopolize the landscape. He was formerly in the employ of Saujamite Ltd as the Personal Assistant to the CEO. However, as he demonstrated leadership in a way that put him firmly… Read full story Lynching Akinwumi Adesina
The culture of lynching and genocide is deeply embedded in the gestalt of American race relations. And this, despite the Civil Rights Act 1964. As late as the 1960s in the Jim Crow South, it was the norm for the Ku Klux Kan (KKK) to fish out a young African-American for allegedly staring at a white woman and to hang him on a tree… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING