The federal government regulatory agency on Inland Waterways in Nigeria, National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) has faulted the assertions of the Lagos State Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice, Moyosoro Onigbanjo, SAN on the subsisting judgement of the Court of Appeal, Lagos Division on appeal number CA/L/886/2014, delivered on July 18, 2017. Recall that the Lagos Attorney General, while quoting Justice Muktar JCA of the Court of Appeal lead judgement that “All other inland waterways within Lagos State are within legislative competence of the Lagos State House of Assembly (LSHA) and revenue therein  accruable to the Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA)”; had stated that the LHSA is competent to make laws in respect of same. However, NIWA in a swift response, told the Lagos Attorney General to carefully revisit the content of the judgment which he might have read in haste or inadvertently did not accord the ruling deep consideration. NIWA boss, Dr George Moghalu, noted that contrary to the assertions of Lagos State government that the Appeal Court judgement favoured its regulation of the waterways, the court had in clear terms and without any ambiguity stated and held on page 27 of the copious judgement that ‘Items 5 in the second schedule to the NIWA Act is the relevant provision for the navigable route that falls under exclusive legislative list and it provides that the intra coastal route from Badagry, along the Badagry Creek to Lagos through Lagos lagoon to Iwopin along Omu River/Creek, Talifa kivel to Ajelete, Akata, Aboko, Oluwa River to Okitipupa and on Gbekebo, Arogbo, Ofunama Benin Creek to Warri, and also the canal running from Araromi through Aiyetoro through Mahin lagoon to Igbokoda. Moghalu, further drew the attention of Lagos State government to the fact that the route runs through International and state boundaries and therefore is consistent with the provisions of the constitution being items on the exclusive list and which the Court of Appeal held “that revenue generated from the federal route is payable to federal Inland Waterways Authority” The NIWA boss flagged the empathic ruling of the Court of Appeal, and challenged the Lagos State government to furnish him with intra waterways which exists in Lagos, outside item 5, second schedule of the NIWA Act.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story Reps Halt Sale Of NECO Buildings, TSB, International Trade Fair
The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, directed the supervisory Boards of Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS), International Trade Fair Complex, as well as management of National Examination Council (NECO) to halt the sale and concession of all properties within and outside the country, pending the conclusion of the… Read full story CEO Tonimas Oil And Gas, Anthony Enukeme Is Dead
The Chief executive officer of Tonimas Oil and Gas, Chief Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme is dead. Chief Enukeme, who is also APGA board of trustee member passed on at the early hours of Monday… Read full story Court Declares Aguma Rivers APC Acting Chair
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared Hon Igo Aguma, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The court also compelled the party to allow all members of the party loyal to Sen Magnus Abe, who purchased from for the congresses of the party in 2018 to take part in the process… Read full story COVID-19: Gombe Taskforce Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Positive Cases, Cry For Lack Of Funds To Operate
In his periodic update on the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state, Chairman of the Gombe State COVID-19 Taskforce, Professor Idris Mohammed, has raised an alarm of community spread of the infection… Read full story EDITORIAL: Bandits On The Prowl
LAST week, Katsina State governor, Honourable Aminu Bello Masari, vowed that he would no longer negotiate with bandits in the state. His grouse was that they had reneged on an agreement reached with the state government. According to him, they promised to repent and leave the North-West, but “they did not… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE