One Mr Oyinkro Miebode, a middle-aged man, was having a sound sleep in his sitting room along INEC Road in Kpansia area of Yenagoa LGA of Bayelsa State in the morning of June 3rd, 2020, when his wife poured hot water on him over domestic issues, inflicting him with severe skin burns. According to Oyinkri who spoke to TribuneOnline, trouble started on the evening of June 2nd, 2020, when he slapped her for raining insults on him because he came too early to meet her somewhere in town to pick up her mobile phone. Explaining further, he said she called him from her office to meet her somewhere to pick up her phone by 8 pm for security purposes because she would be coming home late that evening but that when he closed from work about 6 pm, his boss dropped him off at the exact location she had asked him to meet her. He said while hanging around until it is 8 pm, he suddenly saw his wife walking pass him about 7 pm, so he ran to her to notify her of his presence but instead she got angry that he came to early than they agreed. He said “in shock, I then asked why is she angry that I came early. I also asked her why she didn’t tell me she would be coming early as well. That was when she started accusing me of monitoring her. She insulted me till we got home. I thought that we could settle the matter at home but it was hell. “So out of anger, I gave her two warning slap and instructed her to go to the bedroom and sleep. At that point, a friend called me to come to his place for a private birthday party, and unfortunately, I came back home at about 1 am. So I was sleeping on the sofa in my living room when suddenly she bathed me with hot water.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bauchi records another death, five new positive cases According to one of his siblings that resides with them “they had a quarrel in the morning of the June 3rd over domestic issues because she has been acting up lately. So on that day she kept nagging and insulting him over the matter to a point he couldn’t bear that he got angry and slapped her telling her to keep quiet, which she did, thinking the quarrel was over. “After everything, he left and went to sleep, later she went to his sister asking her if there was kerosene in the stove. The sister told her that there was no kerosene. So she went out and bought kerosene to fill the Stove. Meanwhile, I thought it she boiled the water for bathing or to bake garri. I even notified her when the water started boiling. “She then poured the boiling water into a small basin and went to the living room while he was sleeping then poured it on him. Waking up from that shock he was shouting in pains and scratching his body not knowing he was peeling his own skin.” However, several attempts to reach the alleged culprit, Mrs Maureen Miebode, proved abortive as she is said to be in hiding. The family of the victim, however, revealed that she has been calling her husband with strange phone numbers begging him to forgive her. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Edo: APC Weighs Options, Fears PDP Takeover •Governors stick with Obaseki, Odubu adamant
Two weeks to the much-anticipated primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, national party chieftains are worried the ruling party in the state may end up gifting the governorship… Read full story COVID-19: AfDB Approves $288.5m For Nigeria
The Board of Directors, African Development Bank (AfDB), on Friday, approved a $288.5 million loan to help Nigeria tackle the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigate its impact on people and businesses. In the latest report released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), 79 per cent of the households in the country… Read full story Why We Did Not Treat Raped Sales Girl —LUTH
The management of the University of Lagos Teaching Hospital (LUTH) has denied not treating on purpose an 18-year-old salesgirl, who was on Thursday raped by a dispatch rider. A twitter user @youdiee, who claimed to be the owner of the store where the rape incident took place had accused the hospital of neglecting the victim… Read full story Surrender Or Be Disgraced, Buhari Tells Katsina Bandits
President Muhammadu Buhari has met with Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina State over the rising wave of banditry in the state and advised criminals to surrender now or face a “disgraceful and violent end.” According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in… Read full story Edo, Ondo Primaries: APC Ready With Membership Registers —Isa-Onilu
National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Lanre Isa-Onilu, has disclosed that the membership registers of the party for Edo and Ondo states are intact and current. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had told political parties wishing to conduct direct primaries in the… Read full story COVID-19: Ondo Threatens Another Lockdown
Ondo State government on Friday threatened to reverse the decision to lift the ban on lockdown in the state should the number of COVID-19 cases keep on increasing. Tribune Online report that the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, on Special duties and Strategies, Dr Doyin Odebowale, gave this… Read full story The New Normal: What COVID-19 Has Changed In Our Lives
SINCE the prevalence of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic compelled government at all levels in the country to shut down schools on March 23, being one of the containment mechanisms employed by advanced nations with worse incidence rate of the virus, Adeola Adeyemi and her siblings, like others in Nigeria… Read full story Four Men Who Raped 13 Year Old Girl To Be Arraigned This Week
The four men who allegedly gang-raped a 13-year-old minor in Kaduna would be arraigned before a competent court of law this week. A reliable source at the Ministry of Human Services and Social Development told Sunday Tribune that the Central Investigation Department (CID) had concluded its findings… Read full story My Father Was Close To Making Me A Carpenter’s Apprentice —Bode George
I am the real special model from my background. My great-grandfather was a reverend gentleman. He had a white horse and was born in Lagos and became a reverend. He was evangelising around Nupe area in present-day Niger State where there were Christians; then, he married a Nupe woman… Read full story Nigerian Should Always Do Fact-Check On Politicians —Sani
Anthony Sani, the immediate-past Secretary-General and former Publicity Secretary of the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), now a member of the Governing Council of Sir Ahmadu Memorial Foundation and of Northern Media Forum, speaks on 21 years of civil rule in the country and other issues … Read full story I Still Have So Much To Offer – Ronke Oshodi-Oke
Ronke Oshodi-Oke is a household name, especially in the Yoruba movie industry having graced the screens for decades. The veteran actress, who is undergoing a rebranding process shares some of her plans on movie and music… Read full story Majek Fashek And The Curse Of Drug Addiction
THE death of Nigerian singer-songwriter, guitarist and reggae music lord, Majek Fashek, in New York, America, last week threw Nigerians into a nostalgic mood. It brought into memory the exact picture of a musical icon who the country lost to the icy pincers of death. Reports of his passage sauced his strides on the dancehall… Read full story Why Governors Are Jittery Of Financial Autonomy To State Legislature —Kaze
The autonomy of the judiciary and legislature is very important, I am proud of the 6th and 7th National Assembly because at a point in time the National Assembly both the Senate and House of Representatives actually voted for the financial autonomy of the state legislature but that bill failed at the state level because… Read full story