The spate of insecurity remains one of the most troubling issues in the Nigerian state today, yet the Nigerian government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari seems helpless. A true representative government wouldn’t treat the lives of citizens with contempt but rather do everything necessary to ensure the protection of lives and properties. The Nigerian government cannot continue to take the issue of insecurity with levity and expect good outcome. Arguably, the security architecture of the country has failed as a result of the lack of synergy between the Nigerian government and security agencies.   Nigerians keep waking up to news of unnecessary killings and I hope Nigerians wouldn’t be pushed to the wall someday. We demand an explanation from the Federal Government on why the bandits still use telephones, yet, the security agencies through the help of the Ministry of Communication still can’t track them. What has been the effort of the Nigerian government in securing our porous borders? Without doubt, the re-election of the president in 2019 was greeted with optimism that security issues in the Nigerian state would be tackled, but it keeps getting worse each and every day.  Isn’t it worrisome to see the state of the president under the siege of insecurity? More than 70 per cent of farmers in that part of the country can’t even go to farm any longer as a result of banditry and other security issues. It is trite to state that food security in years to come is at stake. Strong commitment and political will is needed to tackle the issue of insecurity in Nigeria as a matter of urgency. There’s need for proper review of the security architecture of the Nigerian state. In all, there should be synergy between the government and other security agencies to achieve a good feat in fighting insecurity in Nigeria because Nigerians deserve to live.  Ishola Akinwale Victor, Ibadan. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.