It is one thing to desire a good life and it is another thing to follow the right path to actualise that dream. In the movie, The Last Step, directed by Dr  Bashiru Lasisi of the Department of  Theatre Arts, University of Ibadan, the short  but informative flick  captures the burning desire of many young people to migrate  to  Europe illegally to seek ‘greener pastures’. The cast is made up of established and up-and-coming actors like Joke Muyiwa, Lanre Fatoba, Victor Onuka, Isaac Israel, Funmi Oloyede, Alowonle Olalere, Nene  Nwayo, Tunji Aborisade and Kola Gbenro. The phrase ‘greener pastures’ is not one that is new to the Nigerian society and Africa at large. Almost on a daily basis, youths move from rural areas to urban centres or leave  the country altogether in pursuit of ‘easy  life’ and wealth as a result of the prevailing economic challenges. It is this premise that guides the plot of ‘The Last Step’, a film which explores the lives of three friends, Jade, Pam and Tile who are determined to make meaning out of their lives. The movie captures the reality of the dysfunctional system in Nigeria that fails to provide jobs for her teeming youths thereby forcing many young people to seek a better life outside the shores of the country  – embarking on a dangerous journey to Europe through the desert. After many failed attempts in Nigeria, Jade and Pam decide to try their luck overseas. Nothing, it seems to them, is working. They are both desperate to give their lives a meaning, even though they know they may lose their lives on the journey, but that does not matter to them at that time. They count on their luck. Tile, on the other hand, remains resolute to make most of the opportunities his fatherland offers to make meaning out of life. His decision to stay back eventually pays off. For Jade and Pam, going abroad won’t be easy as their financial constraint means they have to leave by road, passing through African countries to get to Europe, their ultimate destination. Soon, the journey to Europe begins for Jade and Pam as they set out on what would either turn their lives around or make things worse for them. Things do not turn out as planned for the trio, alongside a friend of Jade’s girlfriend, Joju, who sets out with the party  on what looks like an  opportunity for Joju to win Jade’s love. Of course, the travelling party encounters a number of obstacles on the way. Joju tries to worm herself into Jade’s heart but Jade resists her advances. However, Jade’s defence mechanism soon breaks down with the duo finding themselves in each other’s arms in subsequent scenes in the cold night making love. With time, the ambitious travellers land in Kano where they join another bus going to the desert that connects Nigeria with Libya. That is the point things start turning awry for the trio. The rate at which the country loses its best brains to other countries is said to be alarming and while youths are generally encouraged by the ostensible success of emigrants,   the anguish and hardship they suffer abroad are untold and undocumented as the guise of El dorado in foreign lands continues to derail the lives of many. Tile who stays back eventually gets a big break and becomes the envy of his peers.  He turns out to become a successful businessman. Jade, who thought he had hit jackpot by settling with the wife of a presumed dead military officer in Libya, shamefully returns to Nigeria after he narrowly escapes with his life when the officer  returns home. He equally loses his ageing mother (Joke Muyiwa), who suffers the agony of waiting endlessly for the return of her only son. The movie underlines the facade of ‘greener pastures’ and the perennial insecurity that has continued to plague many African countries, especially at their borders with bandits always preying on people who are desperate to travel abroad illegally. With the trend of leaving the country reportedly at an all time high, the screening of the play is timely and instructive for the teeming African youthful population. The clever portrayal of the characters, the plot of the play and the overall dialogue underpins the directorial congruity of the movie as the touch of a seasoned professional. Full of suspense from one scene to another laced with variety of themes and entertainment of sorts, the sad and heart-rending tale of Jade and his friends would only mean that though they wish to seek a better life outside Nigeria, their destinies appear to have been tied to their fatherland.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story Gender-Based Violence, Rape Dent On Our Collective Humanity, Dignity —Osinbajo
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo says gender-based violence, rape and sexual assaults are blemishes on the collective humanity and dignity of Nigerians as a people and a nation. Osinbajo expressed his displeasure on Friday in Abuja while addressing a virtual meeting of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), on the… Read Full Story Domestic Violence Called Verbal Abuse In Marriage
LET me open this write up with this extract from a post I got through an elderly man on a WhatsApp platform last week. It is the provoking thought for this write up. “Everybody is hung up on domestic abuse by men against women. Nobody spares a moment to find solutions to the equally devastating verbal abuse men suffer… Read Full Story Bauchi Denies ICPC Claim Of Seized Land Linked To Governor Bala Mohammed
Bauchi State Government has described as baseless and untrue as well as total falsehood the recent publication by ICPC that it has uncovered and seized a plot of land in Abuja linked to Governor Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir. In a statement by Mukhtar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the… Read Full Story CNG Suspends Planned Protests In Other Northern States
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has said it has suspended its planned protests in other states slated for Saturday. In a statement issued by CNG image-maker, Abdul-azeez Suleiman remarked that having consulted widely and recounting the gains gathered during the protest in Katsina and Niger… Read Full Story PDP Shifts Edo Primary Till Thursday, June 25
As the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has granted a waiver to Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki to contest the Edo governorship election primary on a new date of June 25 two days later than it has earlier announced… Read Full Story Honour All Agreements, Saraki Appeals To PDP Stakeholders
Immediate past President of the Senate Olusola Saraki on Friday enjoined party leaders and all stakeholders who played one role or the other in wooing Obaseki to the Peoples Democratic Party to thread the path of honour and stick to agreements… Read Full Story Eye Exams For Babies: Why They’re Important
FOR Iveren, after a very long wait to conceive, gave birth prematurely to baby Precious. Unfortunately, because she refused to have Precious examined soon during the critical four weeks after birth, owing to ignorance, Precious subsequently became blind from Retinopathy of Prematurity… Read Full Story WHO Accepts Nigeria’s Wild Polio Virus Free Documentation
The proposed certification of Nigeria as a polio-free country in August this year is gradually becoming a reality. The indication was given by the Chairman of the African Regional Commission for Certification of Polio Eradication (ARCC), an organ of the World Health Organization (WHO), Professor Rose Leke, in a meeting with… Read Full Story Backstory Behind Aisha Buhari’s Gunfight
By now, most people have read the story of the scuffle that occurred between Mrs. Aisha Buhari, her children, and her security aides on one hand and Sabi’u “Tunde” Yusuf, son of Buhari’s niece who also works as his private secretary, on the other hand, which caused Aisha’s ADC to shoot at Sabiu inside the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!