THE orange contains a variety of health-promoting properties. The fruit is a rich source of protective food ingredients like vitamin A, B, C and calcium. Recent studies have proven its superiority to any other fruit as a source of calcium.  The orange also contains sodium, potassium, magnesium, copper, sulphur and chlorine. The orange is one of the finest gifts of nature and it is the most wide-spread of the citrus fruits. The orange (Citrus aurantium) is a native of southern China. The orange is used in variety of ways. It is usually taken as a desert fruit. Large quantities of the fruit are used for making orange juice, which is canned. It is also made into squashes. Experts revealed that the regular use of orange prevents frequent attacks of common cold, influenza and bleeding tendencies. They say it keeps one healthy; strong and that it also contributes towards longevity. According to the International Research Journal of Pharmacy, drinking orange juice reduces severity of inflammatory conditions like asthma, rheumatoid arthritis. It stated that the vitamin C content is good for preventing cold, cough and recurrent ear infections. A physician in Chicago, Dr Harke, explained that orange fruit is a potent source of calcium and vitamin C, which is valuable in the treatment of diseases affecting the bones and teeth. He further said that disorders in the structure of the teeth usually result from shortage of Vitamin C and Calcium, but that it can be overcome by sufficient intake of orange. Dr Harke claimed to have cured several patients of pyorrhea and dental caries by giving them orange juice in large amounts. “Orange juice, sweetened with honey, is highly beneficial in heart disease, in cardiac conditions like coronary ischaemia and infarction (when only liquid food is advisable). The use of orange juice with honey is a very safe energy giving liquid food,” Dr H.K. Bakhru disclosed in his book titled ‘Foods that Heal’, which was first published in 1990. He also added that orange fruit is an essential and effective food in all types of fever. This is especially when the digestive power of the body is seriously hampered. Orange juice was recommended as the most ideal liquid food in fevers like typhoid, tuberculosis and measles. This is because the extract gives energy, increases urinary output and also promotes body resistance against infections, thereby hastening recovery. A study published in the British Journal of Nutrition found that when women drank half a litre of orange juice daily, their urinary pH value and citric acid excretion increased thereby diminishing the risk of forming calcium oxalate stones significantly. Orange juice is also considered an excellent food for infants who are not fed on breast milk. These experts recommended 15ml. to 120ml. of orange juice daily to be given to the infants according to age. They discovered that it prevents scurvy and rickets and helps growth. These experts also recommended 60ml. to 120ml. of the juice to be given daily to more grown up babies whose normal development is unsatisfactory. Dr Bakhru said “the use of orange juice mixed with a pinch of salt and a tablespoonful of honey is an effective food remedy for tuberculosis, asthma, common cold, bronchitis and other conditions of cough associated with difficult expectorations.” The orange is also beneficial in the treatment of constipation. Experts recommend taking one or two oranges at bedtime and again on rising in the morning. They said it is an excellent way of stimulating bowel action. The general stimulating influence of orange juice excites peristaltic activity and helps prevent the accumulation of food residue in the colon, which leads to putrefaction and auto-intoxication. The orange is an effective food remedy in chronic dyspepsia, which gives rest to the digestive organs and supplies nutrition in a most easily assimilable form. It also stimulates the flow of digestive juices thereby improving digestion and increasing appetite. The orange peel is effective for treating pimples and acne. Studies show that the peel, pounded so well with water on a piece of stone, should be applied to the affected areas. The International Research Journal of Pharmacy 2012, reveals that the orange peel is medicinally used against fungi. “Orange peel produces lethal effect on fleas, fire ants and house flies due to its 90 to 95 per cent limonene,” it stated. The study explained that oranges are eaten to allay fever, as the roasted pulp is prepared as a poultice for skin diseases. The fresh peel is rubbed on acne.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story Reps Halt Sale Of NECO Buildings, TSB, International Trade Fair
The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, directed the supervisory Boards of Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS), International Trade Fair Complex, as well as management of National Examination Council (NECO) to halt the sale and concession of all properties within and outside the country, pending the conclusion of the… Read full story CEO Tonimas Oil And Gas, Anthony Enukeme Is Dead
The Chief executive officer of Tonimas Oil and Gas, Chief Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme is dead. Chief Enukeme, who is also APGA board of trustee member passed on at the early hours of Monday… Read full story Court Declares Aguma Rivers APC Acting Chair
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared Hon Igo Aguma, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The court also compelled the party to allow all members of the party loyal to Sen Magnus Abe, who purchased from for the congresses of the party in 2018 to take part in the process… Read full story COVID-19: Gombe Taskforce Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Positive Cases, Cry For Lack Of Funds To Operate
In his periodic update on the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state, Chairman of the Gombe State COVID-19 Taskforce, Professor Idris Mohammed, has raised an alarm of community spread of the infection… Read full story EDITORIAL: Bandits On The Prowl
LAST week, Katsina State governor, Honourable Aminu Bello Masari, vowed that he would no longer negotiate with bandits in the state. His grouse was that they had reneged on an agreement reached with the state government. According to him, they promised to repent and leave the North-West, but “they did not… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!