A nutritionist and the manager, Nestlé Nutrition Institute, Central and West Africa, Dr Chioma Emma-Nwachukwu, has said that although eating certain foods or diets will not protect against coronavirus, they can ensure an improved immune system to fight off the infection. Dr Emma-Nwachukwu made the recommendation at a virtual workshop on the theme: ‘Advancing Nutrition, Health and Wellness (NHW) Through the Media.’ Nestle in collaboration with Lagos Business School (LBS) organised the online programme for health journalists in Nigeria. Emma-Nwachukwu said that when the immune system becomes low, such an individual would become vulnerable to infections and diseases such as COVID-19. According to her, the immune system is like police checkpoints in the body, and it is constantly working to protect the body from infection, injury and disease. She declared that with constant stress and fear due to the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the body immunity can become low. Such an individual would become vulnerable to infections and diseases such as COVID-19. “When one is stressed and in constant fear, especially during this pandemic, the body releases a hormone known as Cortisol which reduces inflammation and white blood cells thereby compromising the immune system. “The challenge of fear is taking more toll on individuals than the COVID-19 itself, and we need to watch it by practising positive stress management and taking care of our nutritional status,” the nutritionist said. Emma-Nwachukwu said that nutrition has an important role in supporting the immune system and maintaining proper immune function to fight infections and disease such as COVID-19. “Improving our immunity is the best way to be healthy. We can achieve this by eating right, especially vegetables and fruits, exercising regularly, maintaining personal hygiene and healthy weight and hydration. “In this time of the pandemic, we must evolve, learn and adapt to choose a healthy lifestyle to survive,” she said. Emma-Nwachukwu while giving an outline on how to boost the immune system declared: “Choose a healthy lifestyle – eat right, exercise regularly, maintain personal hygiene, practise positive stress management, maintain healthy hydration, maintain healthy weight and planned diet.” She reviewed Nigeria’s national policy efforts on nutrition, health and wellness, and, therefore, advocated that it is important for the country to strengthen its strategy and ensure nutrition security for all ages.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story Reps Halt Sale Of NECO Buildings, TSB, International Trade Fair
The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, directed the supervisory Boards of Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS), International Trade Fair Complex, as well as management of National Examination Council (NECO) to halt the sale and concession of all properties within and outside the country, pending the conclusion of the… Read full story CEO Tonimas Oil And Gas, Anthony Enukeme Is Dead
The Chief executive officer of Tonimas Oil and Gas, Chief Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme is dead. Chief Enukeme, who is also APGA board of trustee member passed on at the early hours of Monday… Read full story Court Declares Aguma Rivers APC Acting Chair
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared Hon Igo Aguma, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The court also compelled the party to allow all members of the party loyal to Sen Magnus Abe, who purchased from for the congresses of the party in 2018 to take part in the process… Read full story COVID-19: Gombe Taskforce Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Positive Cases, Cry For Lack Of Funds To Operate
In his periodic update on the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state, Chairman of the Gombe State COVID-19 Taskforce, Professor Idris Mohammed, has raised an alarm of community spread of the infection… Read full story EDITORIAL: Bandits On The Prowl
LAST week, Katsina State governor, Honourable Aminu Bello Masari, vowed that he would no longer negotiate with bandits in the state. His grouse was that they had reneged on an agreement reached with the state government. According to him, they promised to repent and leave the North-West, but “they did not… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE