Zamfara citizens had for long been marooned between the devil and the deep blue sea as the state was on the brink of socio-economic collapse caused by various factors including laxity on the part of past administrations on one hand and rampaging bandits unleashing terror on the state on the other. Zamfara was hitherto synonymous with gross disconnection between the governed and the government, banditry, endemic poverty, hunger, disease, palpable social discontent and all-round retrogression. Indeed, it boasted of the highest maternal and infant mortality rate in Sub-Saharan Africa; an incontestable position that is down the ladder of human development index and other accompaniments of failed leadership. However, things started changing after May 29, 2019 when Dr. Bello Muhammad Matawalle heeded the call to service and turned things around with proactive decisions and people friendly policies. And within a year, there was renewed hope among the people as the gloomy trend gradually gave way to a new dawn of peace, progress and prosperity for all. Today, Zamfara is earning accolades as a global model for good governance and critics are beginning to believe in the ability of the Governor Matawalle led administration to restore hope to a fragmented populace and also set Zamfara on the pedestal of socioeconomic recovery and growth. It is noteworthy to state that the achievements of the Governor Matawalle administration in the last year is not just on paper but physically obvious and accessible; considering that sustainable development cannot be achieved amidst insecurity, Governor Matawalle moved to address the lingering insecurity challenge, which had cast Zamfara negatively in the global spotlight. He met with President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo as well as Service Chiefs, Minister of Defence, traditional rulers, community and religious leaders, leaders of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), Civilian Joint Tax Force (CJTF) and other notable stakeholders. His subsequent negotiations facilitated the release of over 800 captives, including several expatriates, by bandits. So far, we can boldly say that Zamfara is lighting the pathway in the journey of people-driven leadership, geared towards engendering a greater Nigeria.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.