The Police Command in Edo, on Monday, announced that it has arrested no fewer than 51 suspects for various crimes in the state. Commissioner for Police in the state, Johnson Kokumo, disclosed this in Benin during a briefing on the Command’s achievements since his assumption of duty on June 2. Kokumo disclosed that suspects arrested include seven kidnap suspects, seven robbery suspect, five murder suspects and 32 cult members. He added that the command, however, rescued five kidnapped victims during the period. He explained that among the suspects were five males who allegedly murdered and buried one Mr Iyoha Osobase, a legal practitioner. He disclosed that 25 arms, 40 ammunitions, two vehicles, shovels and cutlasses were recovered from the suspects. Kokumo said he would continue to build on the achievements of his predecessor, CP Lawan Jimeta, who ensure that the state was effectively policed. He added that the command would encourage the community policing philosophy of the Inspector General of Police for active community involvement in security. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story