A motorist narrowly escaped death on Saturday when a big tree fell during a storm that followed a rainfall and destroyed his vehicle, but he came out unhurt. The unnamed motorist, who drove a Honda CRV vehicle, was on the main road inwards Alhaji Masha close to the Teslim Balogun Stadium, Surulere, when the tree which was beside the road suddenly got uprooted and landed on the vehicle due to the storm that accompanied the rainfall. The tree landed on the vehicle with the man inside, destroying its front side including the windscreen, the mirrors and the bonnet, but the man who rushed out of the vehicle, was not hurt. The incident, which happened around 6.14 p.m., caused traffic gridlock on the ever-busy highway as many people rushed to the scene while some others made frantic efforts to cut the tree and remove it from the road. According to the Lagostrafficreport, the twitter handle that reports traffic situation in Lagos State: “There’s a fallen tree on the roadside close to Teslim Balogun stadium, this has blocked off traffic heading inwards to Alhaji Masha.” Another resident, Offem Lawrence @lawmuzik1, who uploaded the video of the incident on Twitter wrote: “This just happened 15 mins ago in front of Teslim Balogun stadium, Surulere. The driver came out without a scratch.” It was also gathered that some officials of the Lagos State Transport Management Agency (LASTMA) who came to the scene of the incident, took the man away from the scene in their vehicle. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story Gender-Based Violence, Rape Dent On Our Collective Humanity, Dignity —Osinbajo
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo says gender-based violence, rape and sexual assaults are blemishes on the collective humanity and dignity of Nigerians as a people and a nation. Osinbajo expressed his displeasure on Friday in Abuja while addressing a virtual meeting of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), on the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!