Ile Tuntun Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, recently adjourned a divorce suit brought before it by a woman, Ganiyat  Adediran  against her husband, Marufu Adediran. Ganiyat had approached the court seeking that it dissolved her 15-year-old marriage to her husband on the accounts of irresponsibility and battery. The plaintiff told the court that the defendant never took care of her and their four children. She added that he was always involved in extra marital affairs and never gave her rest of mind because he was always beating her anytime she complained. Ganiyat told the court her husband almost beat her to death while she was with him which was one of the reasons she came to court. According to the plaintiff, the defendant took their children away from her and refused that she visited them. She thus prayed the court to end their relationship and grant her custody of their four children. Marufu agreed that they both go their different ways stating disobedience and constant fight as his reasons. Marufu told the court Ganiyat became a regular face at the Sango Police Station because she was in the habit of fighting their neighbours. He stated that she was arrested and locked behind bars at four different occasions. The plaintiff explained that he had few clothes in his possession because his wife tore almost all his clothes when fighting with him. After he had listened to both parties, the court president, Chief Olasunkanmi  Agbaje stated that more evidence was needed before judgment could be given. Ruling, Agbaje adjourned the case and ordered both parties to come up with their children and parents. “All I request from this honourable court today is that it ends my relationship with my husband. I have had enough of his maltreatment and I can’t take it anymore. “Marufu treated me like a rag and as a nobody. He insulted me by bringing different women home. He cared  less about my feelings and was in the habit of beating me anytime I complained. He would humiliate me before these women thereby wounding my pride. “I advised him after we had our third child to hang the boot due to the biting state of the economy but he insisted on having the fourth. I reported him to his parents who to my disappointed counseled that I did his will. “I submitted to his will for peace to reign but I almost lost my life. Marufu disregarded my delicate state and never stopped beating me. He once beat me and I bled profusely. I almost lost the pregnancy and was on admission for a while. “He also starved me and our three children but lavished money on his lovers. “I reported him to my parents after I was back on my feet and they requested to see him but he turned down their request. He later gave an excuse of been out of town. “When he eventually showed up at my parents place, he told them he had decided that I aborted the pregnancy because he was no longer interested in having the baby. He then walked out of my parents. “My father was stunned and disappointed at his behaviour, “Ganiyat stated. The plaintiff added that, “My husband became more hostile to me and later sent me packing. “He refused that I take the children with me and denied me access to them. “He also got married to another woman who moved into his home with her daughter. “My lord, the first time I made an attempt to see our children, Marufu’s new wife poured water on me. The second time, my husband, his wife and daughter joined hands in beating me to a pulp. “I made a report at the police station and he was asked to grant me access to our child but he remained adamant which is one of the reasons I have dragged him to court. “My lord, I pray that aside dissolving our union that the custody of our children is granted me while you make Marufu responsible for their upkeep and education. “ “Ganiyat character is the opposite of the picture she has painted before the court, “Marufu stated. “She fought me and our neighbours like a jackal and disrupted the peace in our compound. “She almost reduced me to nothing as a result of her troublesome nature. Ganiyat would fight me and tear my clothes to shreds. I was almost going about naked before she left my house. “She also became a common face at Sango Police Station because our neighbours would always arrest her and get her locked behind bars by the police anytime she fought with them. “Ganiyat was put in police custody four times and I had to seek for fund to bail her, “he concluded.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story COVID-19: Increased Number Of Cases, Warning Signal ― Minister
The Federal Ministry of Health says the increasing number of coronavirus infections in the country should be a warning that the fatality rate could rise. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, gave the warning at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country on Thursday in Abuja… Read Full Story COVID-19: Striking Doctors Are Frustrated, Health Minister Admits • Says FG can’t dictate to states
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, admitted that the striking doctors under the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have some things they are really frustrated about. Ehanire, who said he had a frank discussion with the young doctors in his office on Thursday morning over their… Read Full Story COVID-19: FG Takes Measures To Reduce Fatality Rate, Signs Pact With Republic Of Korea
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF), on Thursday, announced measures to limit and reduce the COVID-19 fatality rate, which it said has hit 469 deaths as at Thursday morning. Speaking at the PTF daily briefing, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said the increasing number of cases should be a warning that… Read Full Story FG Moves To Reduce High Rate Of Illegal Gold Mining, Smuggling
In its efforts to minimise the high rate of illegal gold mining and smuggling, the Federal Government, on Thursday, said it is currently creating a gold ecosystem, which would also increase government’s revenue from the resource, create jobs, and improve environmental and social stewardship… Read Full Story Sharif, CNG Leader, Regains Freedom
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has confirmed the release of Nastura Ashir Sharif, its chairman, Board of Trustees on Thursday. Recall that Sharif was arrested on Tuesday afternoon and moved to Abuja shortly after the peaceful protests in Katsina against the killings of helpless and defenceless citizens by bandits… Read Full Story Rapists Will Be Hung To Death In Kaduna ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has assured the people of Kaduna State that no matter what it takes he will sign the law that recommends death penalty by hanging for rapists in the state. This was disclosed by the Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba, in her verified Twitter handle… Read Full Story Kaduna’s Sultan Bello Mosque Resumes Juma’at Prayer Today
SULTAN Bello Mosque, Kaduna, has acquired three disinfectant machines as part of measures to safeguard worshippers from coronavirus infection and help in restoring the mosque to safe and beneficial use for the ummah. The Chief Imam of the mosque, Sheikh Mohammed Suleiman Adam, who made the disclosure in an interview… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Reps And The Media Lockout
REPORTS in the media last week indicated a direct assault on press freedom by the House of Representatives. The assault was carried out at a public hearing on the vexatious Control of Infectious Diseases Bill organised by its joint Committee on Health Services, Health Institutions and Justice… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!