The Federation of Muslim Women’s Associations in Nigeria, FOMWAN Oyo State chapter has condemned in strong terms the rape and murder in Ibadan of an eighteen-year-old Barakat Bello of the Department of Science Laboratory Technology SLT, Federal College of Animal Health and Production, Moor Plantation, Ibadan. The Association, therefore, calls for thorough investigation and arrest of perpetrators of all recent and backlog cases of rape and other violent acts against girls and women in Oyo State and indeed Nigeria. Oyo FOMWAN Amirah, Alhaja Dr B.B Oloso in a statement signed by the Media Officer of the Association Alh Oyetunji Oyekunle said the rising cases of rape and murder of women in Nigeria were worrisome, alarming and disturbing. Alhaja Oloso who noted that the rape and murder of Barakat, a member of the Muslim Students Society of Nigeria, Akinyele Area Council a few days ago was one too many as it came at a time Nigerians were still battling with the gruesome rape and killing of Uwavera Omozuwa, a 22-year-old Microbiology student of University of Benin inside one Redeemed Christian Church of God Ikpoba Hill, Edo state by unknown assailants. ALSO READ:Woman struggles to survive as LASEMA ignores several calls The Amirah in the statement appealed to all well-meaning individuals and concerned authorities to rise in defence of girl child and in defence of women who are daily oppressed, raped, attacked and murdered by demonic and sex-maniac men and ensure perpetrators are brought to justice to serve as a deterrent to others but to stem the tide of the resultant effects of such actions on the society in the long run. Alhaja Oloso called on human rights groups, professional bodies and faith-based organizations including Islamic bodies like NSCIA, NACOMYO, MSSN, MUSWEN among others to increase their awareness on the negative effects of violence against women as condemned strongly in the Holy Quran and other scriptures. ” Barakat Bello, Uwavera Omozuwa, Tina and others must not die in vain. We must all speak in one voice to condemn all forms of evils against women. It could be anyone we know. The attackers may be lurking somewhere in our neighbourhood. We demand that the security operatives do whatever it takes to apprehend the rapists and murderers in our midst. Let us keep on sharing and promoting the hashtag #JusticeforBarakat#
#Justiceforothers# until the perpetrators of the heinous and diabolical act are brought to book” The Amirah stressed. While praying to Allah to grant the parents of Barakat, family, friends and others the fortitude to bear their loss, FOMWAN Amirah also beseeched Him to rest Barakat’s soul and admit her to Al-Jannah Firdaous.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session
THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story Cleanup Starts At 57 Sites In Ogoni Land ― Minister
The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Abubakar, says no fewer than 57 sites at Ogoni land in Rivers are being cleaned up currently. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on Wednesday in Abuja, saying that he had presented a report on the ministry’s mandate to a meeting of the… Read full story COVID-19: NCoS Reopens Custodial Centres For Admission Of Inmates
The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) announced the reopening of Custodial Centres to admit all categories of inmates. Controller General of Corrections, Ja’afaru Ahmed, who ordered the reopening of the Custodial Centres, on Wednesday, in Abuja, said the action became imperative to enhance access to justice and… Read full story Community Policing Takes Off In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday inaugurated the State Community Policing Advisory Committee (SCPAC) and its operations arm, State Community Policing Committee (SCPC), aimed at improving security in all communities across the state… Read full story Auxiliary, Oyo Park Managers Sign Undertaking Against Drivers’ Harassment, Fake Ticketing
Aimed at curtailing their reported excesses, park managers in Oyo State, on Wednesday, were made to sign an undertaking binding them to adhere to stipulated rules of engagement or face disciplinary measures. As contained in the letter of undertaking, signed at the state secretariat, Ibadan, the park managers are not to engage… Read full story Ibuprofen Tested As Coronavirus Treatment
Scientists are running a trial to see if ibuprofen can help hospital patients who are sick with coronavirus. According to a BBC report, the team from London’s Guy’s and St Thomas’ hospital and King’s College believe the drug, which is an anti-inflammatory as well as a painkiller, could treat breathing difficulties… Read full story There Is Nothing As ‘State Of Osun’, Court Insists
Justice Mathias Agboola of the Osun State High Court on Wednesday insisted that legally and constitutionally there is nothing called “State of Osun”. He declared that under the Nigerian constitution, only Osun State exists. Delivering judgment in Osogbo in a suit filed by a human rights activist, Barrister Kanmi Ajibola against… Read full story Osun Governor Okays Reopening Of Churches, Mosques For Two Weeks
Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Wednesday held separate meetings with Christian and Muslim leaders in the state on guidelines for reopening of churches and mosques across the state for two weeks. He disclosed that the decision to reopen worship centres partially was in response to the request by religious… Read full story You Have No Right To Disconnect Customers Without Written Notice, Court Tells IBEDC
An Osun State High Court sitting in Osogbo on Wednesday declared that Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has no constitutional right to disconnect customers’ electricity without written notice. In a suit filed against IBEDC by two lawyers, Mr Kanmi Ajibola and Mr Olayinka Sokoya, who were the former chairman… Read full story PHOTOS: Moment Orji Uzor Kalu Left Kuje Correctional Centre
The Federal High Court in Lagos released a former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu, from prison on Tuesday. Former governor Kalu was jailed for 12 years on December 5, 2019, after he was convicted of N7.1bn fraud alongside a former Director of Finance at the Abia State Government House, Jones Udeogu… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For Vera Omozuwa
Even going by the dastardly details of rape cases, the story of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa is unusually brutal. According to reports, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin, Edo State, was raped and killed inside the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, a branch of the Redeemed Christian Church of God located in Ikpoba Hill, Benin City, where she had gone to study on May 27. It is doubtful that even the Nobel Laureate, T.S Eliot… Read full story