Richard Branson abandoned schooling to become an entrepreneur in 1966. He started with Student Magazine, which he had hoped would become his generation’s voice. Despite the general acceptance of the magazine, it didn’t make as much money as he had envisaged. Consequently, the budding entrepreneur ran into liquidity problem and had to change his plan without abandoning his goal. Thus, he veered into the music industry and started a mail-order discount record business. It was a successful venture that launched him on the path to great wealth. Being adventurous, Branson soon tried other things. In 1984, he started the Virgin Atlantic Airlines with the aim of offering passengers a better flying experience but the business almost died before it started. While on the initial test flight, a flock of birds flew into the engine of Virgin’s only aeroplane, which was a rented Boeing 747, causing extensive damage. That stalled the take-off of the business because the airline couldn’t get certified to start operation without a functional airplane, and it couldn’t raise money for repairs without being certified. Branson had to re-strategise; he restructured his other companies for him to be able to pull out money from them to fix the damaged aircraft. Eventually, the business went on stream and it turned out to be a huge success. Reflecting on what kept him going when things turned awry for him as a serial entrepreneur, Branson said it is a quote by Victor Kiam that “Even if you fall on your face, you’re still moving forward.” This quote, he said, never fails to give him strength and internal peace. It is the quote that supplies the impetus for him to bounce back whenever he is bowed. That is the power of a quote. Today, we present great quotes which have shaped lives and impacted the conduct of millions as a platform for our readers to get inspired, walk the straight path, seize opportunities, live their dreams and be a positive influence to others.  LEADERSHIP “As a leader, I am tough on myself and I raise the standard for everybody; however I am very caring because I want people to excel at what they are doing so that they can aspire to be me in the future.” — Indra Nooyi, former CEO of PepsiCo “Leadership is having a compelling vision, a comprehensive plan, relentless implementation, and talented people working together.” — Alan Mulally, former CEO of the Ford Motor Company “Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.” — Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric “Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.” — Jonathan Swift, satirist and poet “The vision must be followed by the venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps — we must step up the stairs. ” — Vance Havner, evangelist and author “The challenge of leadership is to be strong, but not rude; be kind, but not weak; be bold, but not bully; be thoughtful, but not lazy; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; have humor, but without folly.” – Jim Rohn “A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.” – Max Lucado The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.” Ralph Nader “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” – Martin Luther King, Jr. “No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it.”  – Andrew Carnegie “Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.” – John F. Kennedy “Leadership is a combination of strategy and character. If you must be without one, be without the strategy.”- Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. – Stephen Covey The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.  – Tony Blair “Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar.” – Orrin Woodward “The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it.” – Theodore Roosevelt “All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.” — John Kenneth Galbraith “The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men, the conviction and the will to carry on.” — Walter Lippmann “All the adversity I’ve had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me…. You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.” —Walt Disney “Tough times never last, but tough people do.” —Robert H. Schuller “That which does not kill us makes us stronger.” —Friedrich Nietzsche The moment you accept responsibility for EVERYTHING in your life is the moment you gain the power to change ANYTHING in your life. – Hal Elrod The price of greatness is responsibility. Sir Winston Churchill “A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit.” —John Maxwell “The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.” —Jon Wolfgang von Goethe ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, BUSINESS “Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.” – Thomas Edison “Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” – Henry Ford “If you don’t drive your business, you will be driven out of business.” – B. C. Forbes “It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.” – Bill Gates “The cost of being wrong is less than the cost of doing nothing.” – Seth Godin “You will get all you want in life, if you help enough other people get what they want.” – Zig Ziglar “You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.” – Richard Branson “If you can dream it, you can do it.” – Walt Disney “As long as you are going to be thinking anyway, think big.” – Donald Trump “You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out.”  ― Steve Jobs “To build a successful business, you must start small and dream big. In the journey of entrepreneurship, tenacity of purpose is supreme.” – Aliko Dangote “In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity”  ― Sun Tzu, A Arte da Guerra “The best way to predict your future is to create it” ― Peter F. Drucker “Business is a game, played for fantastic stakes, and you’re in competition with experts. If you want to win, you have to learn to be a master of the game.”  ― Sidney Sheldon Have faith in yourself. If you don’t have faith in yourself, even God cannot help you. – Folorunsho Alakija “Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.” — Winston S. Churchill “The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.”  — Colin R. Davis “I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” — Thomas Jefferson “Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.”  — Jim Rohn “Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.” — Robert Kiyosaki “If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.” — Steve Jobs “The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” — Bruce Lee “The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” — Walt Disney “Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.” — Thomas Edison “It is not the strongest species that survive, nor the most intelligent but the most responsive to change. – Charles Darwin “If you don’t sell, it is not the product that’s wrong, it is you. – Estee Lauder “The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well.”  — John D. Rockefeller Jr. “You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.”– Albert Einstein “Only entrepreneurship can create opportunity where none seemingly exists.” – Tony Elumelu “If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete.” – Jack Welch “The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do.” – Roy L. Smith “The harder you work, the luckier you get. – Mike Adenuga “If you just work on stuff that you like and are passionate about, you don’t have to have a master plan with how things will play out.” —Mark Zuckerberg “Proactive people take the initiative and responsibility to make things happen. They cause action rather than being victims of circumstance.”    – Chris MacAllister ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, INTEGRITY The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively. – Bob Marley We learned about honesty and integrity – that the truth matters… and that success doesn’t count unless you earn it fair and square. — Michelle Obama Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you. — H. Jackson Brown, Jr. People of integrity and honesty not only practice what they preach, they are what they preach.— David A. Bednar The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home.    – Confucius One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised. — Chinua Achebe Honor your commitments with integrity.— Les Brown The high road is always respected. Honesty and integrity are always rewarded. — Scott Hamilton When you are able to maintain your own highest standards of integrity – regardless of what others may do – you are destined for greatness. – Napoleon Hill Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching. – C. S. Lewis A life lived with integrity – even if it lacks the trappings of fame and fortune is a shining star in whose light others may follow in the years to come. — Denis Waitley Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful. — Samuel Johnson It is true that integrity alone won’t make you a leader, but without integrity you will never be one. — Zig Ziglar Integrity is making sure that the things you say and the things you do are in alignment. — Katrina Mayer You can’t, in sound morals, condemn a man for taking care of his own integrity. It is his clear duty. — Joseph Conrad In looking for people to hire, look for three qualities: integrity, intelligence and energy. And if they don’t have the first, the other two will kill you. — Warren Buffett Subtlety may deceive you; integrity never will. — Oliver Cromwell Image is what people think we are. Integrity is what we really are. — John C. Maxwell Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity. — W. Clement Stone “Leaders establish trust with candor, transparency, and credit.” — Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, CHANGE “Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”  ― Germany Kent “Small shifts in your thinking, and small changes in your energy, can lead to massive alterations of your end result.” ― Kevin Michel There are two ways that people decide to change: by insight, and by pain ― Chris Martenson, “It’s better to change and adapt, than to complain and remain.” ― Rob Liano “Everything is within your power, and your power is within you.” ― Janice Trachtman “Success comes from the inside out. In order to change what is on the outside, you must first change what is on the inside.” ― Idowu Koyenikan “By changing nothing, nothing changes.” – Tony Robbins “To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.” – Winston Churchill “If you run you stand a chance of losing, but if you don’t run you’ve already lost.” – Barack Obama “When in doubt, choose change.” – Lily Leung “Change your thoughts and you change your world.” – Norman Vincent ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, SUCCESS AND FAILURE Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. Thomas A. Edison If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right. Henry Ford High expectations are the key to everything. Sam Walton Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. Helen Keller Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. Norman Vincent Peale “No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” —Eleanor Roosevelt “There is no elevator to success — you have to take the stairs.” – Zig Ziglar “Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” —Aristotle “Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers “Nurture your mind with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.” – Benjamin Disraeli “Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.” – Ray Kroc “Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.” – Winston Churchill Some men see things as they are and say why – I dream things that never were and say why not.” – George Bernard Shaw Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it.” – Joe Clark I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” – Stephen Covey Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. –Michael Jordan The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. –Amelia Earhart An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. –Roger Staubach When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. –Henry Ford A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.” — Henry Ford Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.”  — Abraham Lincoln, “You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and falling over.” — Sir Richard Branson, If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.” Jim Rohn The more you loose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.” Norman Vincent Peale “If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” Jonathan Winters “Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” Thomas Edison “Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.” Robert T. Kiyosaki A goal is a dream with a deadline.” Napoleon Hill “Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” Albert Einstein Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” Winston Churchill Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.” —Walt Whitman Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat.” – Malcolm S. Forbes “Action is the foundational key to all success.” – Pablo Picasso “The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.” – Albert Ellis Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.” – Brian Tracy “The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.” – Benjamin Disraeli “Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.” – Oprah Winfrey “People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.” – Tony Robbins “Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.” – Conrad Hilton “The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.” – Vince Lombardi Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.” – Zig Ziglar Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.” – Alexander Graham Bell “The road to success is always under construction.” – Lily Tomlin “If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.” – Jim Rohn “Procrastination is the fear of success. People procrastinate because they are afraid of the success that they know will result if they move ahead now. Because success is heavy, carries a responsibility with it, it is much easier to procrastinate and live on the ‘someday I’ll’ philosophy.” – Denis Waitley “Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.” – Napoleon Hill “Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.” Albert Einstein “All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.” Michael John Bobak “The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.” Napoleon Hill   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock
MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC
A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock
THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story APC Appeal Committee Validates Obaseki’s Disqualification
Governor of Edo State and aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki may have reached the end of the road in his quest to fly the gubernatorial flag of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming September 19, 2020 election in Edo State… Read full story Aso Rock Crisis: Shots Fired To Stop Buhari’s PA’s Getaway Car —Sources 
THERE were indications Saturday that shots that were reportedly heard inside the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday evening, were fired in an attempt to stop Sabiu Tunde Yusuf from fleeing in a getaway car after refusing to self-isolate on return from a trip as required for COVID-19 containment protocols… Read full story Havoc In The Air! COVID-19: Aviation, Tourism Sectors In Disarray • 124,500 travel agencies jobs threatened
WHEN coronavirus broke out in Wuhan, China late last year, not many countries took notice, but by the turn of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of the year, the whole world had not only taken notice: millions of the citizens had become victims of the virus… Read full story Ordering Controversy: The Pros And Cons Of Buhari’s Executive Order 10
Save for President William Henry Harrison, all United States presidents, beginning with George Washington in 1789, had issued one executive order or the other, and the practice of using such executive power also has its origin in the same United State, with the first ever executive order, issued on June 8, 1789 by… Read full story Stop Nepotism, Embrace Others, Clark Tells Buhari
Elder statesman and convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Clark, on Friday, admonished President Muhammadu Buhari to drop the toga of nepotism and injustice against the South South, saying “things cannot continue this way… Read full story Ibadan Records Third Killing In Two Weeks As 21-Yr-Old Lady Is Macheted To Death
One Grace Oshiagwu was macheted to death on Saturday by yet-to-be identified persons, in Ibadan, Oyo State. The deceased, a 21-year-old lady was killed in a church mission building at Idi-ori Area,Shasha, off the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway… Read full story Pulling Down Christopher Columbus’ Buhari Statues
YOU may not like their reckless consumption of drugs, the airs they put on as “stars” and the pumped-up peacock ego sometimes exhibited by them at their apogee of stardom but the reality is that, popular culture musicians, that is indigenous African musicians and even Africanist musicians among them, are prophets of… Read full story Do Black Lives Matter In Nigeria?
The sheer wickedness of his murder by the police turned George Floyd into a global figure as the world rose in one accord to condemn the inhuman treatment meted to him which resulted in his death. As soon as the video of Derek Chauvin, a former Minneapolis Police Department officer, kneeling on the neck of… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!