No fewer than 16 cultists of two separate cult groups have renounced membership of their cult groups in Rivers State. The repentant cultists also surrendered one AK-47 rifle, one pump action gun and three machetes. The National Coordinator of Police Campaign Against Cultism and Other Vices (POCACOV), CSP Ebere Amaraizu, said this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday in Enugu. Amaraizu said that the renunciation was done at Rumuokani in Emohua Local Government Area of Rivers State on Friday. He said that the repentant cultists were members of Iceland and Degbam cult groups. He said that they embraced peace by renouncing their membership and surrendering arms to become better citizens and contribute to nation-building. Amaraizu said that the event was witnessed by some heads of security agencies, POCACOV Rivers State coordinator, community members and other stakeholders. “Ten suspected members of Degbam cult and 6 suspected members of Iceland cult denounced their membership at Rumuokani community in Emeohua Local Government Area of Rivers States. “They embraced peace and surrendered one AK-47 rifle, one pump action gun and three machetes. “They made a firm promise not to look back,’’ the POCACOV national coordinator said. NAN reports that POCACOV is an initiative of the Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, meant to prevent the youth from joining cultism. The initiative offered an olive branch to repentant ones with a view to making them better citizens. On June 12, no fewer than 68 members of the two cult groups had renounced their membership and surrendered their arms in Ogbakiri community in Emohua Local Government Area of the state. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!