Controversies seem to be trailing commencement of the new electricity tariff regime by July 1st, as the electricity Distribution Companies (DisCos) on Sunday, accused the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) of distancing itself from the planned increase. They described the Regulator’s “unusual silence” as “unfair” especially when NERC is responsible for downward or upward review of electricity tariffs. The umbrella body of the 11 DisCos, Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors (ANED) in a statement issued by its Executive Director, Research and Advocacy, Mr Sunday Oduntan explained that a proposal for the review of the tariff was submitted to the Commission which is approved. He said the DisCos recently received a letter from the Commission, dissociating itself and the Federal Government (FG) from any public communications on tariffs. Oduntan argued that the decision on the new tariff was not unilateral taken by the DisCos but with NERC’s consent. “We are in a regulated sector. We cannot make a decision about a very critical aspect of the sector like tariff without a nod from the regulator (NERC). “However, what has happened in recent days is that our regulator is warning us not to mention their name or the Federal Government in any of our communication about the tariff increase with our customers. This is certainly very unfair. “Hence we were surprised to receive a letter from NERC to all the DisCos warning them not to mention their name or that of the Federal government in any public communications on tariffs”, he said. He noted that while it is DisCos’ obligation to communicate increase, this followed standard processes of tariff adjustments in the sector with approvals from NERC and the FG. “As DisCos, we believe in the rule of law. We will only carry out lawful approval and instructions by our regulator.” Oduntan reminded that NERC’s latest disposition may likely cause public resistance, “effectively setting DisCos up to fail.” He added that all the DisCos had started communicating the new tariff regime, a week before saying; “The communication was geared at enlightening customers about the details of the service based tariff increase to ensure customers were fully aware of how it pertained to them and the supply band they fall under. “The truth is that we are the public-facing arm of the sector, but what we collect is shared by everybody, including NERC. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Plateau State govt to enforce strict compliance in 6 council’s “Our interest is in the nurturing of a commercially viable power sector. Political considerations and bickering will certainly not take us there,” Oduntan concluded. When contacted, NERC’s Acting Head of Public Affairs Unit, Mr Michael Faloseyi who declined comments on the issue, told TribuneOnline that the Commission would not discuss regulatory issues on pages of the Newspapers. “We do not regulate on the pages of the newspapers and we don’t join issues with anyone on the pages of the Newspapers especially when it comes to regulatory issues,” he said. However, a highly placed source in the Commission, denied claims that it was backing out of the tariff increment move, stressing that its statutory responsibility was to approve or disapprove any tariff review application. The Source insisted that it was the responsibility of the DisCos, to market the new tariff to their customers. “We are also telling them, go and convince your customers. Is anything wrong in that? DisCos should not drag NERC into this. You are the one selling the product and NERC is not backing out. “We have specific responsibilities, ours is to approve, you have applied. The last time they applied, we told them, go and market your tariffs to your customers. Go and convince them, let them know the reason they are paying more. Is anything wrong with that? Does that now mean that we are shying away?”, the source queried. On NERC’s stance on the July 1 new tariff commencement date, he said: “It is not about we supporting or not supporting the July 1 commencement, we will look at the merits of the two and judge. We are like a referee so if we are now the one marketing it, how do you now trust us? It is between the customers and the service provider.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.