Popoola Olamidayo is a  graduate of English and International studies from Osun state university,  he is the  founder of Underdogs fashion outfit, in an interview by Rukiyat Bakare he shares experience on how he started his brand while in the university and his plans for the Nigerian fashion industry excerpt;  What sparked your interest in fashion? Right from the onset I have always had a knack for fashion designing, and I have always wanted to make affordable and authentic apparels for people but what really motivated me was the comments and encouragement that I got from family and friends whenever I designed a shirt for myself  they would tell me my designs are superb, and  I continuously tried to make more in which they purchase from me, so literally that really got to me and I started making my designs for sale and the acceptance rose unbelievably. So that was the starting point.  Are you self taught or did you study fashion design? Honestly, I didn’t study or learn from anywhere before I started, I am self-taught, I  just get inspired and go online to get information on various designs,  although I   hope to enroll as an apprentice at a fashion house to learn more as soon as possible.  How has work evolved since you began your own label? Yes, I  thank God my work has evolved positively and the brand is growing pretty well too but there are ups and downs in the business as well,  sometimes financial setbacks but that doesn’t stop the brand from forging ahead. We have made progress so far.  What is your favorite part about being a designer? My favorite part of being a designer is basically the fact that  I can bring any idea to life, I could just be sitting down a minute and think of a new design that can make wave, then bring that to reality without anybody validation and people would love it and would like to put it on. Knowing you can bring anything to reality is really the coolest part of being a designer.  The designs you created are no doubt good enough,  who and which things were your inspiration while creating such designs? The urge for making  change in the Nigerian fashion scene really inspires me a lot because there are really no big clothing brands in Nigeria. So whenever I am making any design, I make a statement with it. What was your startup capital? My startup capital was   #30,000 to be precise. How would you describe your personal style? Basically, for me, my personal style is a street style because I love to wear clothes that make me comfortable and ready to go.  When was your business established and how did you come about it ? My business started officially in year   2016  after gaining admission into the university. So it was pretty easy to start back then because I was getting all the moral supports I needed from the friends around me  and that was enough drive for me.  What are your expansion plans? My major expansion plan is to have retail outlets across the continent, though it will take a while, but I hope to do that because I believe the retail stores would distribute my designs. – How comfortable are you working hands with models and other designers? I haven’t work with any designer but I’m planning to do that soon also about the models they are fun to work with, though I do most of the creative directions and also let the photographer do his part too. How many employees do you currently have? I haven’t really employ anyone but I have some people who work on parttime basis with me.  What does fashion implies to you? To me, fashion relates to confidence, I believe that what you put on gives you some kind of moral boost, momentum and personally whenever I put on anything tacky or cheesy I  won’t feel comfortable , and won’t be at the top of the game throughout that day. What skills according to you are necessary for a successful fashion designer? First of all, a designer must possess self-development and have the ability to learn and adapt to times and seasons , a designer should be able to set trends and influence people’s opinions pertaining to fashion and trends. Also, a designer should be able to collaborate and ready to work with others. How did you stay up to to date regarding fashion? Consistency is the key. That’s the only way  any brand can stay up to date, I also go online to source for information on various designs. What role do you think social media plays in fashion today? These days social media plays a major role in fashion, social media especially Instagram has opened doors and created awareness for a lot of underground clothing brands. I can confidently say social media is an integral part of fashion because it has become a platform where brands can showcase their collection and sell them without even having a personal relationship with your clients.  What are the major challenges you faced since you started? One major challenge I  usually face is the unavailability of resources and financial challenges because it takes a lot to start a clothing brand and keeping it afloat is more money-grubbing. How do you think government can address these challenges? I think the government should introduce programmes at the university that support aspiring designers and entrepreneurs generally, also the government should be support  young entrepreneurs with loans to start their business.  There is so much pressure for designers to come out with their greatest collection seasons after season .What advice would you give to young designers just starting out and hoping to make it in the industry? My advice to the upcoming designers is that every designer must be dynamic and be ready to come up with new ideas of designs at all seasons as long as you stay on top of your game the proper and due recognition will come.  What was your biggest fear when starting your own line? My biggest fear was acceptability, for instance when you put a design out  you will   be wondering what peoples opinion would be about it and if it will be acceptable by them , but thank God my designs were accepted by my clients.  Where did you see yourself in the next ten years? I see myself in the category of A list clothing brands in Nigeria, and I see my self achieving my aim of changing the Nigerian fashion scene.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Why Schools Must Remain Shut For Now ― Minister
PARENTS and school children anxious for reopening schools will have to wait a little more as the Federal Government on Monday insisted that the schools remain shut for now. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, speaking on Monday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 news briefing described as fake news timetables purported released from the Ministry of Education on the conduct of West African Examination Council examinations being circulated on the social media… Read full story After Pressure From Govs, Buhari Delays Gazetting Of Executive Order On Autonomy For State Legislatures, Judiciary
Pressured by state governors, President Muhammadu Buhari has agreed to delay the gazetting of Executive Order 10, which he recently signed, to grant autonomy to state legislature and judiciary… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 315 New Cases, Total Now 12,801
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 315 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 12,801… Read full story 60% Of 979 Mysterious Deaths In Kano Due To COVID-19 ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) said on Monday that a total of 979 deaths were recorded in April in Kano, during what was popularly known as Kano mysterious deaths. The Task Force, however, revealed during its daily briefing on Monday that 50 per cent to 60 per cent of the mysterious deaths were due to… Read full story Nigeria’s Economy To Contract By 3.2% As Global Economy Shrinks By 5.2% ― World Bank
The World Bank, on Monday, projected a 3.2 per cent contraction for Nigeria’s economy even as it said that the global economy would shrink by 5.2 per cent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Tribune Online reports that the World Bank’s projection is 0.2 per cent lower than the one announced by the Federal Government in… Read full story AfDB: Organised Labour Calls On US, World Powers To Respect African Choice
The Organised Labour has unanimously called on the United States (US) and other world powers with interests in the African Development Bank (AfDB) to allow the will and choice of African countries who are satisfied with the stewardship of Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, as President of the bank… Read full story As COVID-19 Bites Harder, Nigeria Risks Food Crisis
No doubt, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has had a great impact on global food production where farmers find it difficult to access their farms and inputs due to lockdown or fear of being infected. Some international food organisations in the recent past had raised alarm over the looming food crisis if… Read full story Gov Sule Sacks SSG
Gov Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has sacked the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Aliyu Ahmed-Tijani.Ahmed-Tijjani was Commissioner for Education in the administration of Sen. Umaru Al-Makura, immediate past governor of the state… Read full story Provide Corruption Evidence Against NASS Members, Group Tells NDDC
A group of concerned youth in Delta State under the auspices of Progressive Delta Youths (PDY) has challenged the management of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to make public the evidence of corruption linking members of the National Assembly to any form of fraud in the Commission… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Has Carried Out 80,000 Tests ― PTF
After 100 days Nigeria recorded its index COVID-19 case, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic said it had tested 80,000 citizens for the infection. It has also built its testing laboratory capacity from two to 30 with a laboratory in every geopolitical zone in the country, providing increased access to testing… Read full story Delta Cleric Charged With Alleged Rape As Victim Narrates Sexual Encounter
The Founder/General Overseer of Victory Revival Fasting and Prayer Ministry, Bishop Elijah Orhonigbe, was on Monday in Warri, Delta State arraigned in court for the alleged rape of a teenage girl in the church auditorium. The nineteen-year-old girl (name withheld) was allegedly raped during a private deliverance… Read full story Nigerian Students Deny Harassment Claims Against Chinese Government
A group of Nigerian students studying in China under the auspices of Coalition of Nigerian Students in China (CNSC), has denied claims that Nigerians in the country are being harassed the Chinese government. President of the group, Umar Abukabar, in a statement made available to the media on Monday, in Abuja, denounced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Barakat Bello: Yet Another Rape Killing
WHILE Nigerians were still reeling in shock over the case of Vera Omozuwa, a year-one student of Microbiology at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Edo State, who was raped and then bludgeoned to death by her assailants with a fire extinguisher while studying at the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Benin, their sensibilities were again assaulted by yet another barbaric incident… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE