SHAREHOLDERS of Nigerian Breweries Plc have approved a total dividend of N16.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020 at the Company’s 74th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held in Lagos. The total dividend translates to a dividend per share of N2.01 per share. Speaking at the AGM, the Chairman of the Company, Chief Kola Jamodu, CFR disclosed that the company had earlier paid an interim dividend of N3.99 billion, that is, 50 kobo per share, in December 2019, and that the final dividend will therefore be N12.1 billion, which comes to N1.51 per share which became payable on June 24, 2020. A breakdown of the company’s results for the period revealed that it recorded a net revenue of N323 billion as against N324.4 billion recorded in 2018. Chief Jamodu, explained that some of the factors that impacted on the company’s performance in 2019 were inflation at double-digit rate, increase in input cost and further rise in the Excise Duty rate which could not be passed to the consumer due to continued pressure on purchasing power. The business was nevertheless able to post a positive Profit After Tax of N16 billion for the year due to series of innovations and implementation of cost efficiencies. Shareholders present commended the board and management of the company for being resilient in the face of the challenging operating environment and appreciated the dividend payment which was coming at the right time in view of current economic realities. The shareholders further commended the Board for ensuring that investors continued to get returns on their investment in the company. They equally urged the company not to relent in looking at innovative ways to improve on its performance thereby ensuring that it remains ahead of the pack. While thanking the Shareholders for their commendation, suggestions and overall support, Chief Jamodu assured them that the company remained focused on delivering long term sustainable value to its shareholders in line with its philosophy of ‘Winning with Nigeria’. The AGM was a unique one as it was held with only a few shareholders present representing and acting as proxies for the majority of others, in compliance with Government’s restrictions on public gatherings due to the COVID-19 Pandemic. It was also the first time that the AGM was streamed live enabling other shareholders follow the event.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!