Nigerian Afro-Cyborg singer, songwriter and producer, Bright Ukpabi, popularly known as Mr Dutch who is gently and steadily establishing himself as a philanthropist of note in the entertainment sphere has been given out the sum of 5 million naira to the underprivileged to mark his birthday today. The “Keys To My Heart” crooner, who has been alive to challenges occasioned by the Coronavirus pandemic said instead of spoiling himself with any form of luxury or throwing a lavish superlative party he would instead be bringing smiles to the faces of people who are having it rough as a result of the pandemic. In a statement issued by the singer on Friday, he said, “In the spirit of my birthday celebration on the Friday 26th June which is exactly 5 days starting from today amid this Coronavirus pandemic and social distancing era instead of throwing parties and pampering myself with gifts I would be giving out 5 million naira to help people that are really in need of goods, water, cloth, visiting the orphanages, and also to help people revive their businesses. Massive giveaway within these five days into my birthday starting today. “Believe me, the best birthday gift that I really want is to put a smile on people’s faces, this is way more satisfying to me than throwing a birthday party for my family and friends to celebrate me. Feel free to convert your packages for me and join the cause. The management of my Mr Dutch Foundation would take full responsibility for the action plan in making all this happen. “My legacy is an act of generosity without expectation I would continue to leave these footprints to help make the world a better place. Remember, we don’t own the planet, we are just curating it for the future generation.” This is not the first time the singer is reaching out to the less-fortunate people in society. He was reported to have responded to the distress call of an old widow who declared in a viral video that she could sleep with any man for 500 hundred naira as a result of the COVID-19 lockdown. He gave the woman a lump sum of money and the evidence could be seen on his Instagram page. Last St. Valentine’s Day, the singer also sponsored some lovers who could not afford a hangout or gifts by coming to their aid. Mr Dutch is an accomplished singer with hits like ‘Antidote’, ‘Better Soup’ and ‘Eno Finish’ featuring Burna Boy. His first song of 2020 is “Keys to My Heart”, a song dedicated to lovers on St Valentine’s Day. Mr Dutch is the owner of his own record label known as Dutch Dreams Records and the top dog of his own management called Mr Dutch Empire.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.