A Lusaka woman of Makeni compound has divorced her husband, a truck driver after she discovered that he was having an affair with her brother’s former wife. Stella Mwiinga, 28, told Kanyama Local Court senior magistrates, Abbyshine Michelo, Mubukwanu Matakala and Esther Mulomba, that she could not continue in marriage with her husband,  Shepard Mukuwo, 36, because he was having a love affair with her sister in-law. According to The Zambia Observer, this was in a case in which Stella Mwiinga sued her husband Shepard Mukuwo, 36, a truck driver for divorce. Mukuwo married Mwiinga in 2005 after paying dowry and they have four children. Mwiinga told the court that her young brother had a wife with two children but that they divorced. She said last year, she was shocked to discover that Mukuwo was having a love affair with her brother’s former wife. “I cannot continue my marriage with Mukuwo because he was having an affair with my in-law,’’ Mwiinga said. In defence, Mukuwo said he just saw a friendly request on face book from a woman of which they later met without knowing she was a former wife of Mwiinga’s brother. He said he already apologised to Mwiinga for what he did saying he doesn’t want divorce. But Mwiinga insisted that she just wanted to divorce Mukuwo. Passing judgment, the court said that Mwiinga refused to continue in her marriage because of what her husband did and that she cannot be forced. The court granted divorce ordering Mukuwo to compensate Mwiinga K20, 000 by monthly instalments of K1, 000 and to be paying children maintenance fee of K800 per month. Households acquired together to be shared equally.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.