Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday, inaugurated a seven-man committee to look at agitations, grievances, unmet expectations of members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state. The committee led by a PDP Chieftain, Dr Saka Balogun is, among others, tasked to sift legitimate from illegitimate agitations and make resolutions to resolve burgeoning issues affecting the unity of the party. Makinde’s inauguration of the committee, at government house, Ibadan, is apparently in recognition of rising agitations of some longstanding members of the PDP who feel they have not been “compensated” by the current government in the state. While acknowledging high expectations in view of the fact that the party was out of power for eight years, he noted that some of the agitations may also be fuelled by forces outside the party. “We want you to assist us to get to the root of all the challenges within our party in the state. Failure is hard to take but success is harder to manage because expectations are quite high. “It has been one year and two weeks in office. Yes, some of the expectations of our party members have not been met, either rightly or wrongly. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Akeredolu expresses worries over increase in Ondo cases “Some have legitimate requests and expectations but some are being used by forces outside the party against the party. We need to sieve the chaff from the wheat and where our members have legitimate expectations and legitimate entitlements, I want that to be brought out so we can address the issue,” Makinde said. Other members of the committee Chief Mrs Mutiat Ladoja, Chief Sunday Ogunlade, Chief Layiwola Baale, Chief Jacob Adetoro, Oloye Jumoke Akinjide and Alhaji Kunmi Mustapha. Accepting the task, Dr Saka Balogun said the high expectations of members were not unfounded due to the fact that several members of the PDP had been outside government for eight years. Though he expressed confidence in the capability of the governor and his appointees to deliver good governance, Balogun assured of the commitment of the committee to discover whatever issues may be bedevilling the PDP in the state. “We are to look into the roots of some agitations here and there which the governor has admitted. Some have legitimate agitations having waited behind the fence for eight years. “Moreover, the experience of many of us and the plight of the masses was not anything to write about during the last administration. So, there was a high expectation when this government came into office. “This government is delivering quality service. People who have been requested to join the fold to administer governance are people of high calibre and there is nothing to complain about. “But the governor has asked us to look into some of the problems and I can’t give a one-man assessment of the problem. However, some of the problems we already know,” Balogun said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Northern Elders Forum Mere Irritant, Featherweight ― Presidency
The presidency on Sunday described the Northern Elders Forum (NEF) as a mere irritant and a featherweight following the position the group took on the worsening insecurity in the north. The presidency was reacting to a statement Sunday signed by the group’s convener, Prof. Ango Abdullahi, which alleged that the insecurity… Read full story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 403 New Cases, Total Now 16,085
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 403 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 16,085… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Why Black Lives Cannot Matter
The white world has, in recent weeks, been assisting in reevaluating black lives. They’ve joined blacks to shout ‘Black Lives Matter’ as the world agonises over deadly racism abroad. But how much of value do the blacks place on their own lives, especially in Africa? Is it the destiny of the black man to suffer and be pitied from eternity… Read full story Insecurity: North Set For Protest On Tuesday
Disturbed by the incessant killings in the North, the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has concluded arrangements to stage a protest on Tuesday. This was contained in a statement issued to newsmen in Kaduna on Sunday and signed by the spokesman of the group, Abdulazeez Suleiman… Read full story Wike Hosts Obaseki In Closed-Door Meeting
Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike on Sunday hosted his embattled Edo State counterpart, Godwin Obaseki in a secret meeting at the Government House Port Harcourt. No details were revealed about deliberations between the two governors from the South-South region of the country, but it must not be unconnected… Read full story Reconsider Decision On SON, NAFDAC’s Ban From Nation’s Ports, Land Borders —House Of Reps Urges FG
The House of Representatives has urged the federal government to reconsider its decision to disallow the nation’s regulatory agencies, Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) and National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), from operating at the nation’s ports and land borders… Read full story Post COVID-19 Economy: Considering Unclaimed Monies In Banks As Temporary Source Of Revenue
Although the guideline released by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) with effect from October 7, 2015 for management of dormant and inactive accounts has been in operation, Deposit Money… Read full story Subsidy Removal: We Won’t Be Used As Bait To Impose New Price Regime —Wabba
We have clearly made the point because the information we have is that last week after they paid the so-called arrears of subsidy, which some newspapers captured as almost N168 billion, they also gave the information that marketer would now start the importation of refined products. The marketers, on the other hand… Read full story Oshiomhole Must Be Stopped From Gifting Edo To Opposition —APC Publicity Secretary
There is really no major crisis in the party. We just have a man at the helm of affairs at the national level that is power drunk and irrational in his thinking. I say this with every sense of respect to his position. We are very mindful of the health and wellbeing of our people, knowing that the office of the governor is not worth the… Read full story FG Working To Use Plasma From Recovered COVID-19 Patients’ Blood For Treatment
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Sunday said the Federal Government is working on a research which aims to use plasma from the blood of recovered coronavirus (COVID-19) patients to treat other infected persons. Tribune Online reports that Ehanire said this while answering questions from journalists in Abuja on… Read full story Leadership Bytes From Edo
When Adams Oshiomole was jumping up and down campaigning for Godwin Obaseki in 2016 to succeed him as governor in Edo State, no one could have imagined that the relationship between him and his protégé would be headed south shortly thereafter. Obaseki was Chairman of the Edo State Economic and Strategy… Read full story EDITORIAL: UN’s Dire Forecast On Job Losses
LAST week, in a widely circulated official statement, Elisabeth Byers, Senior Spokesperson of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), issued a grim forecast for the Nigerian labour market that the Federal Government and authorities at various levels will do well to take to heart. Pointing to relevant UN data… Read full story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Power Of Quotes
Richard Branson abandoned schooling to become an entrepreneur in 1966. He started with Student Magazine, which he had hoped would become his generation’s voice. Despite the general acceptance of the magazine, it didn’t make as much money as he had envisaged. Consequently, the budding entrepreneur ran into… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!