The Ogun State Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker, had said that the state has so far been fortunate with the outcome of cases COVID-19 in the State. Coker, in a statement issued in Abeokuta, on Wednesday, said the spike in the positive cases of the Coronavirus, was nothing to worry about, urging residents to stay calm. It would be recalled that the state recorded 108 cases of the disease on Tuesday, which was the highest since the index case was recorded in the state She explained that the spike was a result of increased population sampling and increased testing capacity to 600 daily. The commissioner urged the people to focus on the outcome of the cases, which had been favourable for the state, saying that more patients were being discharged, with only 13 fatalities. She called on residents to continue to act responsibly by observing all the necessary precautions such as physical distancing, use of nose masks, respiratory and personal hygiene. “We are extremely fortunate with the outcomes of the cases so far. We have low mortality and many of the cases are asymptomatic. Also, we have discharged 202 patients as of today. That is close to half of the total confirmed cases so far. “Our government is continuously learning more about the pattern of COVID-19 in our communities. This has informed our decision making in the process of defining our new norm, which explained why we have decentralised sample collection and integrated it into health facilities within communities, as well as commencing community-based management of COVID-19,” she stated. The Commissioner said the State would continue to remain vigilant and monitor the emerging trend, while following best practices to execute appropriate measures to curb the pandemic.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE