Trading on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) closed negative on Tuesday to reverse previous day gain. Sentiments in the domestic bourse turned negative, as sell-offs of top cement players, BUA Cement, Dangote Cement ANGCEM and WAPCO, triggered the market’s loss as they decline by ten per cent, 0.8 per cent and 7.4 per cent respectively. Precisely, the All-Share Index declined by 1.5 per cent to 24,479.22 points, the biggest decline since falling by 1.5 per cent on April 6th. Accordingly, the Month-to-Date and Year-to-Date losses increased to -1.6 per cent and -7.4 per cent, respectively. The total volume of trades increased by 76.8 per cent to 280.67 million units, valued at N3.14 billion and exchanged in 4,464 deals. FBNH was the most traded stock by volume at 68.21 million units while Nigerian Breweries was the most traded stock by value at N805.42 million. The sectoral performance was broadly negative as the Industrial Goods (-7.5%), Banking (-1.3%), Oil & Gas (-0.4%) and Insurance (-0.04%) indices all closed in the red; the Consumer Goods (+0.2%) index was the sole gainer. Market sentiment, as measured by market breadth, was negative, as 34 tickers declined, relative to 10 gainers. BUA Cement and Cadbury were the top losers of the day having depreciated by ten per cent, while Neimeth and Okomu Oilpalm (+9.9%) recorded the largest gains with ten per cent and 9.9 per cent appreciation respectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!