The Lagos State Universal Basic Education Board (LASUBEB) has intensified campaign against child/young adult sexual abuse and harassment that is rampant in the country nowadays. To this end, the agency recently enlightened a gathering after holding a group walk around Maryland in Ikeja to sensitise the public against sexual assault and child molestation in and outside Lagos State and their implications on victims and the society. The event was part of the activities by the Lagos SUBEB to commemorate this year’s International Day of the African Child, observed globally last week. Speaking at the programme, the chairman of the board, Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, stressed the importance of child rights protection and called on well-meaning Nigerians, especially in the education sector, to join hands to stamp out child sexual assault and harassment from Nigeria. He spoke on the theme of the global event, ‘Access to a child-friendly justice system in Africa’, saying the frequency of reported cases of sexual abuse and molestation in the country is not only worrisome and inimical to development but grossly inhuman. He said the culture of silence and impunity enjoyed by perpetrators of the criminal acts worsen the situation, hence LASUBEB’s joining others to advocate for a justice system that is accessible, age-appropriate, speedy and focused on the needs and rights of the Nigerian child. While reiterating the state government’s stance on the protection of rights of children as specified under the Child’s Rights Law of 2007, he said efforts to ensure effective implementation of the law must be intensified. Alawiye-King, in a statement by the head of public affairs unit of the board, Mrs Enitan Adewunmi, said children as the future of the nation, deserve to have their voices heard and their rights protected and preserved to grow into responsible adults. He noted that a child whose rights have been constantly violated would most likely grow up to become an adult who does not respect the rights of others. He reiterated the commitment of Lagos SUBEB to providing quality and child-friendly educational system for the pupils of the state. Speaking earlier, the board’s secretary, Mrs. Folusho Ajimoti, said up to 717 cases of alleged sexual assaults were reported in the last five months nationwide, adding that such is unacceptable. In her own contribution at the event, the guest speaker, an associate professor in the Faculty of Education, University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, Dr. Bola Makinde, expressed great concern on the rise in female children and young adults falling victims of sexual exploitation even by close relatives. She, therefore, called on parents to teach their children the appropriate names of their sensitive body parts and to teach them also not to trust anyone with their body. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.