Police on Wednesday in Abuja has arrested and paraded three female suspects for a failed attempt to move 818 rounds of live ammunition from Kano State to Yenagoa in Bayelsa State.  The suspects along with 36 others were paraded before newsmen by the Force Public Relations Officer, FPRO, Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), for alleged offences ranging from kidnapping, cattle-rustling to gunrunning amongst others. According to him, the suspected owner of the ammunitions, one Yower, who is currently being detained by the military, had concealed the consignment inside a half bag of rice and instructed one the suspects, his wife, Elena Yower, to take it to the motor park in Kano to be delivered to another suspect, Favour Bello in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State. He said that on getting to the motor park, the motor boys complained that the half bag of rice was rather too heavy and became suspicious which made them open it and discover the ammunitions. The FPRO appealed to the members of the public to always cross-check any parcel or load being given to them for delivery so as not to fall victim of any eventuality. Narrating her role in the incident, Mrs Elena Yower said that of her husband of seven years instructed her via telephone to take the half bag of rice to the motor park for onward delivery to one Miss Favour Bello in faraway Yenagoa in Bayelsa State, and that she had no knowledge of the contents of the bag rather than it was half a bag of rice her husband told her. Mrs Yower described her husband as a gentleman who might have been influenced by his friends in their desire to acquire material things in a hurry and she insisted that she only carried out her husband’s instructions. She said that she only got to know that the ammunitions were concealed inside the half bag of rice when the military police came to arrest her and detained for one week before being moved to Abuja for further investigation. In her confession to the press, Favour Bello confirmed that she was actually expecting the parcel from Kano having been duly briefed by Yower who is now being detained by military authorities over the incident. In a related development, the Police also paraded a 29-year-old suspect, a father, who specialises in robbing car hire service operators of their vehicles at gunpoint after giving them poisoned edible things or soft drinks. The suspect who identified himself as Moses and an artist said that he was in the business to raise money to purchase his instruments.  He said he has stolen several vehicles after he was released from prison recently. Moses said that the stolen vehicles were sold off at giveaway prices, explaining for instance that a Golf car was sold for ₦80,000. Speaking on this development, the FPRO warned car hire service operators not to take any edible thing from passengers in whatever any guise. Also, another suspect who specialises in stealing of motorcycles was also paraded. The suspect who claimed to be a motorcycle rider confirmed to have stolen close to 40 motorcycles, and that each was sold at ₦60,000. The exhibits recovered from the suspects include seven AK-47 rifles, three pump action guns and other weapons.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say were locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.