NIGER State government says it is still weighing carefully the risks of reopening schools and putting in place strategies based on existing situations to ensure maximum safety of students and staff in schools. The Commissioner for Educational, Hajiya Hannatu Jibrin Salihu, stated this on Tuesday at the COVID-19 Response Inter-sectoral Stakeholders’ meeting held at the Justice Legbo Kutigi Hall, Minna. She added that the post-COVID-19 response has multiple inter-connected dimensions. “The Ministry of Education recognises and continuously appreciates the frontline role of inter-agency synergy, collaborations and partnership in putting modalities for creating a safe teaching and learning environment in our educational institutions,” she said. She noted that given the scope of the educational impact of COVID- 19, the ministry responded swiftly with COVID-19 education contingency plan, with its robust conception and implementation to get children engaged through distance learning programmes in radio stations across the state. “Our radio educational programme focuses on remediating what children lost and keeps them engaged while at home,” she said, adding  that the state government is investing resources in distance education programme, while also keeping close watch on post-COVID-19 era. She said the focus of the ministry post-COVID-19 is to maximise the potential of schools to provide facilities and support for quality learning and protection for their pupils and students. “Last week, a critical stakeholders’ meeting in the education sector and international development partners, especially UNICEF, assembled here (Justice Legbo Kutigi Hall) to interact and brainstorm on the modalities and processes to ensure adequate preparedness and readiness of schools for safe reopening and resumption of academic and other ancillary activities without placing the health, safety and security of learners, teachers, education managers and practitioners in jeopardy,” she said. She said the ministry would leverage on the experience of the inter-sectoral stakeholders’ expertise and network to move forward on meeting the Federal Government’s guidelines on school reopening. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.