The Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), has concluded arrangement to henceforth transmit its services live on television.  This follows the ongoing provision of adequate measures and installation of facilities to ensure successful reopening. Chairman of the MFM Media Committee, Pastor Oladele Bank-Olemoh, who disclosed this to TribuneChurchnews, said that the ministry’s General Overseer worldwide, Dr Daniel Olukoya, considered the safety implications of opening the church for service, in view of the crowded services,  prayer and deliverance nature, vibrancy and the peculiarity of her worship modes. The international headquarters of the MFM, situated at Onike, Yaba, in Lagos, hosts no fewer than 15,000 in any of its services. The church, however, urged members to continue to fellowship through the media platforms already provided, which includes YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and MFM TV. The ministry reminded members that services have not resumed yet, assuring that adequate notice would be given before the services resume. In an effort to reach members, Pastor Bank-Olemoh said that the Sunday services will be transmitted from 8am to 9am; Manna Water services on Wednesdays will be held between 5 and 6pm, while the monthly popular programme tagged ‘Power Must Change Hands’ will be on air from 7am to 8am on the first Saturday of every month on the Lagos Television (LTV) from Wednesday. In the same vein, the  church has also directed the repeat of its 30-day prayer retreat whose second session has come to an end. The General Overseer of the church, Dr Daniel Olukoya, who gave the directive stated that, “The prayer retreat is aimed at igniting revival and arresting stormy winds, decimating infirmity and directing everyone back to God.” “The remedy to this pandemic is the ever efficacious blood of Jesus.  These prayers can be prayed at any time of the day,” he added. It will be recalled that the ministry issued a 62-page prayer pamphlet for use by both MFM members and interested persons to guide them through the 30 days of intensive prayers to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the land.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story Akinwumi Adesina And AfDB
AFTER the Ethics Committee of the African Development Bank (AfDB) had returned a ‘not guilty’ verdict on the bank’s president, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had been accused by a group of whistleblowers of approving certain appointments and contracts that were in breach of the financial institution’s statutory and… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 350 New Cases, Total Now 11,516
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 350 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 11,516. The centre disclosed this on Tuesday night via its… Read full story COVID-19: African Nations Get $9.8bn As IMF Supports 66 Countries With $23bn
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has provided over $23 billion in emergency financial assistance and debt relief to 66 member countries facing the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. According to information sourced from IMF’s website on Thursday, sub-Saharan Africa got the highest support of $9.81 billion… Read full story Osun Relaxes Curfew, Now 9pm To 5am
The governor of Osun State, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, announced a new set of guidelines that would guide the second phase of the gradual reopening of the state’s economy, following the lockdown imposed by the government in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Experiencing Steady Rise In Maternal, Child Mortality ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, lamented that the country is experiencing a steady rise in maternal and child mortality as a result of disrupted essential services, due to the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story Through Facebook, Three Brothers Kidnap, Murder 55-Yr-Old Mother Of Five Children
Three brothers of one Emmanuel family, Johnson, Gideon and Success, have been arrested by the police for the kidnap and murder of one Mrs Janet Ogbonnaya. One of the three brothers, Johnson Emmanuel, had lured the woman, a mother of five children, via Facebook from her Gwagwalada home where they allegedly… Read full story Police Give Account Of How 21 People Were Killed In 2 LGs In Zamfara
Zamfara State police command has said 21 people were killed in attacks carried out in two local government areas of the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the police image-maker… Read full story