Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom has condoled with the family of the late Lagos State Police Commissioner, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav. In the condolence message sent by his Chief Press Secretary, Terver Akase, Ortom described Tsav as a gallant officer during his years in service. According to the statement, “Governor Samuel Ortom, on behalf of the Benue State government, sends heartfelt condolences to the family of former Lagos State Police Commissioner, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav over his death earlier today. “The governor expresses shock at the demise of Alhaji Tsav whom he describes as a gallant police officer during his years in service.” Ortom prayed to God to grant the deceased eternal rest and his family the fortitude to bear the loss. Meanwhile, the former CP and renowned socio crusader has been buried according to Muslim rites. Tsav who died at Federal Medical Center, Makurdi around 2 pm was buried at the public cemetery, Ankpa ward, Makurdi around 4:55 pm. His remains were brought from the Federal Medical Centre, Makurdi to the Central Mosque, Wadata for 4 pm prayer before being taken for burial in an open vehicle. Tsav’s personal assistant, Torkuma Uke who said that Tsav died around 2:00 pm at the age of 81 is survived by a wife and seven children. Tsav served as Federal Commissioner of Public Complaint Commission in Benue State between 2016 and 2019. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story