Oil spill is a menace that has persisted for several decades in Nigeria. Musa Idris, Director-General of the National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA), in this interview, speaks on the need for the agency to look into both the mid and down streams of the petroleum industry, to reduce the incidences of oil spills. ADETOLA BADEMOSI presents excerpts. As the DG of NOSDRA, what have you done differently from others who preceded you? I was here right from the inception of this agency. I was part of the pioneer staff before the establishment bill was signed into law to become an Act in October 18, 2006. I was here as Director, Oil Field Assessment for over eight years before I was deployed to commence the second Hydrocarbon Pollution Remediation Project (HYPREP). In 2017, I became the head of operations of the newly formed HYPREP in Port Harcourt where I spent two years before I was appointed as the DG NOSDRA. On my appointment, I resolved to change the face of things. First, I decided to restore discipline. We also started to inculcate what we have to do into the psychic of officers by putting our officers through induction courses. I remember when I met the former Permanent Secretary, I told her we would be doing certain things differently. I said one, we would be completing our laboratory in Port Harcourt within six months but she did not believe it and I said give it to me as a test. This was in July and just two months after I resumed and by December 2019, I sent a letter of invitation for the commissioning of the laboratory. The commissioning took place on January 10, 2020. Besides, I also said that we would go into the downstream sector.  Why are you looking at the mid and down streams of the petroleum industry?  We have placed more attention on the upstream, little on the midstream but almost not much on the downstream except in our Lagos area where officers took up the midstream and the downstream which was possible, because they did not have much upstream activities to carry out. Out of eleven stations, only one was rarely covering the midstream and downstream effectively. Of course, the bulk of the midstream is in Lagos but the downstream are all over Nigeria. Ordinarily, this programme was to commence in 2015, then I was a director here but because there was not much interest from the leadership. So, we started with the downstream. Now, we are in the upstream, midstream and downstream. Quite a number of the downstream operators do not care about the environment, not because they do not really care but because they don’t know much about their responsibilities to the environment. Most of them just dig the ground, put their underground storage tank, go to NNPC depot, buy their petroleum product and dump it into the tanks. Some of them may have their tanks buried for close to six to ten years without removing it one day to check the state of the tank. They just sell and get their money.  Why do they have to check their tanks periodically? They have to check if it is leaking or not. When you get to any filling station, you will see a point where they normally discharge petroleum products and you always see a pipe that goes up. That pipe allows hydrocarbon vapour to go up into the air, without building up underground with the heat, which can easily explode. Apart from what we can excuse as vaporized content of the tank, your loss  is supposed to be insignificant but when you see that you deposited about 33,000litres and you expected certain amounts, for instance if your total earnings is short by about N2000-N5000, you may shrug and say maybe it is part of what evaporated but when it gets to N10,000-N15,000, you begin to suspect the attendants, when it starts getting to N50,000-N100,000 you start suspecting the station manager until it now begins to increase. Probably what has been happening is there is a leakage in the underground tank somewhere and the petroleum product is seeping gradually into the ground. It will not be until the owner checks the state of the tank that he will see that a section of the tank has been leaking gradually. It may even be a tiny hole and it keeps smearing into the ground. Until the content reaches the ground water level and follows the water into a nearby borehole and your neighbour cries out that there is petrol in his borehole. We are beginning to have such cases in high numbers. Before now, in a state we might not have one, but now we are beginning to have them and what we need to do here is what we call a stitch in time saves nine.  Can you make arrests in that case? We cannot arrest. It is not about arrest. When you see such, what you do is to stop users of such tanks, exhume and begin the process of remediation. We are currently handling one in Nyanya, Karu axis. Adjacent to a filling station is a clinic that has hydrocarbon in its borehole and that was how we went there and discovered that indeed their tank was not leaking because they had some contingency measures to prevent such but between the pipe and the nozzle, it was one of the connecting pipes that cracked and petrol was seeping from there and they did not know. Work is ongoing there, we have done some laboratory analysis and the process of remediation is beginning. Looking at that, we invited operators in the mid and down streams. I especially invited DAPMAN (Depots and Petroleum Products Marketers Association of Nigeria).  We have also invited MOMAN (Major Oil Marketers Association of Nigeria) and we invited IPMAN. So we have held a lot of interactive sessions and we have discussed the modalities of bringing them to environment consciousness and they were really cooperative. I am yet to achieve my visions completely because my vision is in tandem with the vision of the agency itself. It is zero tolerance to oil spill and when it comes to funding, I must say that the entire Federal Ministry of Environment is inadequately funded. Take for instance in 2020, the entire capital budget for a ministry that has seven agencies was N7 billion. So you can see that this is grossly inadequate and anything that anybody does is on the environment and we need to do a lot at the same time.  Since NOSDRA disclosed plans to move to the down-stream, there have been complaints from DPR that your agency is encroaching on its duties. Does your Act back your current move? The establishment Act supports it, the regulations support it. This agency is to ensure that we have zero tolerance to oil spill. All I have mentioned so far is on spilling, I am not talking about how much petrol is put in a tank, I am not talking about the land you allocate for a filling station, I am talking about what goes to the ground water which is deep, what goes to the ground is key. But when we talk about the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) right from where oil exploration started, they have been there but unfortunately attention has always been on production, little attention was paid to the environment. Let me say something, environmental management in the petroleum sector vis-a-vis oil spillages that were attended to until the Ministry of Environment came into being was haphazard. When the Ministry was established in 1999, it was put under the department of environmental resources which has three divisions. One was oil and gas, another is EIA and the third one was the standard and monitoring department. In oil and gas, we started with what we called legacy sites, sites that have had oil spills across all the oil companies operating in the upstream; Shell, Mobile, Total, Agip and others. We first dealt with those ones. Some of them had already naturally taken care of themselves because crude oil is from the earth and it is fossil. Over time, the bacteria that kill the carbon chain have taken their toll on the crude oil, naturally the environment also adjusted to it. There were some that still remained as it were, we called all the oil companies to first clear those ones. Sometime in 1999, immediately when the Environment Ministry was setup, we had what is called the National Forum For The Cleanup of the Niger Delta. This was anchored by the very first Minister of Environment, he led the operation of cleanup of the region. Under that, they realised that Nigeria did not have any contingency plan for oil spill as at year 2000 and we have been producing oil since 1956. Of course, the oil companies, because of where they are coming from, had the national oil spill contingency plan in 1981 but somewhere along the line they stopped. In 1997, the OPTF attempted to have it, but stopped. Three years after, there was an international stakeholders workshop in Port Harcourt in year 2000 which was anchored by the minister, this was when they now began to focus on environmental management in all seriousness. Though DPR was there, was there any national oil spill contingency plan? No. We, at the Ministry of Environment, began the remediation exercise. All the sites were attended to through bioremediation. By year 2002, we already approved for the oil companies the use of bioremediation. The bulk of it, now going on in Ogoni, is still at the lower side of the pollution. The bulk of the job is undergoing bioremediation through natural enhanced remediation.  It is not that we are doing what DPR is doing, we have said that when the oil is still in the ground, it is entirely DPR but when it spills, it becomes somebody else’s problem to clean.  We agreed with them that if you are doing environmental cleanup, we also need to know because we told the oil companies that if you have a spill, you must inform DPR. This is because DPR is in charge of oil production and it accounts for how much we derive from any quantity of oil produced for Nigeria. So, if you expected two million barrels per day, and for any reason, there was an incident and 500 barrels spilled away, how do you account for it?   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Why Schools Must Remain Shut For Now ― Minister
PARENTS and school children anxious for reopening schools will have to wait a little more as the Federal Government on Monday insisted that the schools remain shut for now. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, speaking on Monday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 news briefing described as fake news timetables purported released from the Ministry of Education on the conduct of West African Examination Council examinations being circulated on the social media… Read full story After Pressure From Govs, Buhari Delays Gazetting Of Executive Order On Autonomy For State Legislatures, Judiciary
Pressured by state governors, President Muhammadu Buhari has agreed to delay the gazetting of Executive Order 10, which he recently signed, to grant autonomy to state legislature and judiciary… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 315 New Cases, Total Now 12,801
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 315 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 12,801… Read full story 60% Of 979 Mysterious Deaths In Kano Due To COVID-19 ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) said on Monday that a total of 979 deaths were recorded in April in Kano, during what was popularly known as Kano mysterious deaths. The Task Force, however, revealed during its daily briefing on Monday that 50 per cent to 60 per cent of the mysterious deaths were due to… Read full story Nigeria’s Economy To Contract By 3.2% As Global Economy Shrinks By 5.2% ― World Bank
The World Bank, on Monday, projected a 3.2 per cent contraction for Nigeria’s economy even as it said that the global economy would shrink by 5.2 per cent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Tribune Online reports that the World Bank’s projection is 0.2 per cent lower than the one announced by the Federal Government in… Read full story AfDB: Organised Labour Calls On US, World Powers To Respect African Choice
The Organised Labour has unanimously called on the United States (US) and other world powers with interests in the African Development Bank (AfDB) to allow the will and choice of African countries who are satisfied with the stewardship of Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, as President of the bank… Read full story As COVID-19 Bites Harder, Nigeria Risks Food Crisis
No doubt, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has had a great impact on global food production where farmers find it difficult to access their farms and inputs due to lockdown or fear of being infected. Some international food organisations in the recent past had raised alarm over the looming food crisis if… Read full story Gov Sule Sacks SSG
Gov Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has sacked the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Aliyu Ahmed-Tijani.Ahmed-Tijjani was Commissioner for Education in the administration of Sen. Umaru Al-Makura, immediate past governor of the state… Read full story Provide Corruption Evidence Against NASS Members, Group Tells NDDC
A group of concerned youth in Delta State under the auspices of Progressive Delta Youths (PDY) has challenged the management of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to make public the evidence of corruption linking members of the National Assembly to any form of fraud in the Commission… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Has Carried Out 80,000 Tests ― PTF
After 100 days Nigeria recorded its index COVID-19 case, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic said it had tested 80,000 citizens for the infection. It has also built its testing laboratory capacity from two to 30 with a laboratory in every geopolitical zone in the country, providing increased access to testing… Read full story Delta Cleric Charged With Alleged Rape As Victim Narrates Sexual Encounter
The Founder/General Overseer of Victory Revival Fasting and Prayer Ministry, Bishop Elijah Orhonigbe, was on Monday in Warri, Delta State arraigned in court for the alleged rape of a teenage girl in the church auditorium. The nineteen-year-old girl (name withheld) was allegedly raped during a private deliverance… Read full story Nigerian Students Deny Harassment Claims Against Chinese Government
A group of Nigerian students studying in China under the auspices of Coalition of Nigerian Students in China (CNSC), has denied claims that Nigerians in the country are being harassed the Chinese government. President of the group, Umar Abukabar, in a statement made available to the media on Monday, in Abuja, denounced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Barakat Bello: Yet Another Rape Killing
WHILE Nigerians were still reeling in shock over the case of Vera Omozuwa, a year-one student of Microbiology at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Edo State, who was raped and then bludgeoned to death by her assailants with a fire extinguisher while studying at the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Benin, their sensibilities were again assaulted by yet another barbaric incident… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE