Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, on Wednesday night disassociated himself from a letter purportedly issued to affirm the extension of year of service for the incumbent Clerk for the National Assembly (CNA), Mr. Abubakar Sani Omolori and some staff. The Speaker’s response was contained in a statement issued at 10.58pm signed by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr. Lanre Lasisi. “The attention of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has been drawn to a letter purportedly emanating from his office allegedly stating his endorsement of the new condition of service for National Assembly staff passed by the eighth Assembly “The Speaker wishes to inform the general public that there was no time he directed issuance of such purported letter from his office as there is a recognised and authorised channel for all correspondences and resolutions reached by the House or its leadership. “The Speaker also wishes to call on the general public to disregard the letter and always rely on official communication channels of the House for news on the position of the House on any matter.” As stated in the letter entitled: ‘Reforwarding of memomoradum on the review of conditions of service for the National Assembly Service’, dated 3rd June, 2020 with Ref. No: NASS/SPK/ADM/VOL.1/520 and addressed to the Chairman National Assembly Service Commission, and acknowledged the same day, was said to have been signed by Chief of Staff to the Speaker, Sanusi Garba Rikiji. It read: “I am directed by the entire leadership of the House of Representatives to acknowledge the receipt of your letter on the above dated 1st of June 2020 vide NASC/CHO/PS/II/II/94 and have deliberated on it. “I am further directed to inform you that the entire leadership of the House of Representatives cannot rescind the 8th Assembly resolution on the retirement age of the National Assembly staff. “Therefore, the House of Representatives maintained the position of the 8th Assembly as contained in the Conditions of Service jointly passed by that Assembly.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Reps Approve $22.799bn External Loan, Revised 2020-2022 MTEF-FSP Amidst Protest
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved Federal Government’s request to borrow $22.799 billion external loan and the revised Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Policy Paper (FSP), as South-East lawmakers protested exclusion from the new borrowing plan… Read full story We Have Not Relaxed Ban On Religious Activities, 8pm To 5am Curfew Still In Force, Says Oyo Govt
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, headed by Governor Seyi Makinde, stated on Tuesday that it was yet to relax the ban on religious activities and the curfew imposed as a result of the pandemic. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the Task Force made its… Read full story I Expect Police To Bring UNIBEN Student’s Killers To Justice Quickly, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Uwaila Omozuwa, the University of Benin undergraduate who was raped and later died last week, saying he expected the Nigerian Police to speedily investigate the case and ensure the culprits are brought to justice… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!