A 34-year-old housewife, Hauwa’u Sulaiman, who is also a mother of 13, on Friday, June 5, gave birth to a set of quadruplets at the Gambo Sawaba General Hospital, Zaria, Kaduna State. Sulaiman told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Zaria that she had now been blessed with 17 children, adding that the quadruplets she was recently delivered of was her eighth delivery. The mother and the babies were transferred to the Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital (ABUTH) for better care after she was delivered of her latest pregnancy. Sulaiman, however, said that the only male among the quadruplets died before they arrived ABUTH. She said that the remaining three infants had been placed under observation at the paediatrics care unit and she (the mother) had been receiving medical care at the maternity ward. She said that she received two pints of blood during the delivery processes. “I am very healthy and strong but the medical experts advised that I need to be monitored very well before they can discharge me,” she said. Her husband, Malam Sulaiman Mohammed, also said that his wife had twice in the past given birth to a set of triplets; a set of twins two times, and given birth to three babies at different times before the quadruplets. Mohammed, a driver, expressed gratitude to Allah for the wonderful gift of the babies. He added that it was his elder brother that was assisting him with the children whenever such needs arose. Dr Isa Abdulkadir, the leading consultant in the Paediatrics unit at ABUTH, said that the three babies were in good condition. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Why Schools Must Remain Shut For Now ― Minister
PARENTS and school children anxious for reopening schools will have to wait a little more as the Federal Government on Monday insisted that the schools remain shut for now. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, speaking on Monday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 news briefing described as fake news timetables purported released from the Ministry of Education on the conduct of West African Examination Council examinations being circulated on the social media… Read full story After Pressure From Govs, Buhari Delays Gazetting Of Executive Order On Autonomy For State Legislatures, Judiciary
Pressured by state governors, President Muhammadu Buhari has agreed to delay the gazetting of Executive Order 10, which he recently signed, to grant autonomy to state legislature and judiciary… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 315 New Cases, Total Now 12,801
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 315 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 12,801… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE