As Fiji ratified the ILO Convention 190 on violence and harassment, the convention will now effective in June next year. Any new ILO Convention requires only two ratifications by two member states to enter in force. Fiji became the second country to ratify the ILO’s Violence and Harassment Convention, 2019 (No. 190) after Uruguay ratified it on 12 June. The ILO has, therefore, declared that with the deposit of this second ratification, the convention will enter into force on 25 June 2021. Ambassador Nazhat Shameem Khan, Permanent Representative of Fiji to the United Nations Office and Other International Organisations in Geneva, deposited the ratification instrument with ILO Director-General, Guy Ryder, in a virtual ceremony. While depositing the instrument, Ambassador Khan, said “This ratification is a testament of the government’s commitment to equality as is enshrined in the Fijian Constitution, and ratification is also consistent with Fiji`s membership of the Human Rights Council. Ratification of Convention 190 demonstrates Fiji’s willingness to lead the way in committing to international standards and best practices.” She added “This convention is timely to address real challenges in the world of work today such as violence, harassment and intimidation. We note in particular the inclusivity of the convention. It purports to protect and empower all those who are the subject of bullying and harassment at work, including women. The convention encompasses the intersectionality of the sources of discrimination, thus encompassing the reality of the lives of many workers.” Adopted by the International Labour Conferencd (ILC) in June 2019, Convention No. 190 is a landmark instrument. It is the first international labour standard to address violence and harassment in the world of work. Together with recommendation No. 206, it provides a common framework for action and a unique opportunity to shape a future of work based on dignity and respect. The convention affirms that everyone has the right to a world of work free from violence and harassment. It includes the first international definition of violence and harassment in the world of work, including gender-based violence. The convention recognises that violence and harassment in work can constitute a human rights violation or abuse is a threat to equal opportunities, is unacceptable and incompatible with decent work.” It defines violence and harassment as behaviours, practices or threats that aim at, result in, or are likely to result in physical, psychological, sexual or economic harm.” It reminds member states that they have a responsibility to promote a general environment of zero tolerance.” It defines violence and harassment as behaviours, practices or threats that aim at, result in, or are likely to result in physical, psychological, sexual or economic harm.” It reminds member states that they have a responsibility to promote a general environment of zero tolerance. “I am extremely pleased to receive this instrument of ratification, which bears witness to the commitment of the Government of Fiji to combatting violence and harassment in all its forms in the world of work. “I note in addition that this ratification was unanimously approved by the Fijian Parliament on May 28, 2020,” said ILO Director-General Guy Ryder. He added “This ratification marks an important step towards the achievement of decent work, particularly in these unprecedented times in which the world is struggling to overcome and recover from a global pandemic. “In times of crisis and economic insecurity, the risk of violence and harassment escalates, as has been so evident during this devastating pandemic. “Violence and harassment is unacceptable at any time; it is clear that Convention No. 190 has a crucial role to play, whether in times of prosperity or during times of crisis. “For a human-centred response and recovery, free from violence and harassment in the world of work, Convention No. 190 provides a clear and practical roadmap.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story How To Avoid Sliding From Success To Failure When former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) governor, Chukwuma Soludo, directed banks to shore up their capital base to N25 billion in 2006, Intercontinental Bank was one of those that had no problem complying. The bank had built such a solid reputation for itself that when it issued its initial public offer, it enjoyed good subscription… Read Full Story AMCON Takes Over Assets Of Unicorn Place Over N1.3bn Debt THE Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has taken over assets belonging to Ike Nwabuoku, the Chief Promoter of Unicorn Place & Leisure Services Limited over indebtedness of over N1.3billion… Read Full Story APC NEC Meeting: Apologise, Stop Denying Your Wrong Deeds, PDP Tells Presidency Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has flayed the President Muhammadu Buhari administration for denying the use of the Federal Executive Council Chamber for partisan purposes like playing host to the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story LAUTECH Resident Doctors Begin 5-Day Warning Strike Monday The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital chapter, has called on its members to embark on a five-day warning strike from Monday, June 29… Read Full Story Buni’s Appointment Constitutional ― Giadom Immediate past Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Victor Giadom has dismissed views by some critics that the appointment of the Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni as Chairman, APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Committee was in breach of the party’s constitution… Read Full Story Revenue Collection: Court Fixes July 6 For Borehole Drillers Case Against Oyo Govt, Consultant Justice Lateef Ganiyu of the Oyo State High Court sitting in Ibadan has fixed July 6, 2020, for hearing in a case filed by some aggrieved members of the Association of Water Well Drilling Rig Owners Practitioners (AWDROP) and Borehole Drilling Association of Nigeria (BODAN) against the Oyo State Government over the… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (II) They understand that they are responsible for their success and that good luck is not something that magically happens. “Luck” is simply the result of hard work and identifying opportunities. They know that one must earn the right to be successful. Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill states, “You are the master of your destiny… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Killings In Akinyele AKINYELE Local Government Area in Oyo State is fast becoming a slaughter slab for innocent citizens. In the last one month, five persons have been reportedly slain in cold blood in the area. Citizens Bello Barakat, Azeezat Shomuyiwa, Grace Oshiagwu, Mojeed Tirimisiyu and a yet to be identified young woman have all been… Read Full Story Obafemi Awolowo And The Struggle Of The Middle Belt A fortnight ago, a bill was proposed by Honourable Kpam Sokpo (PDP, Benue) for enshrining the Six Geopolitical Zones into law while renaming the North Central as “Middle Belt”. Knowing what we know, this bill is a rather tall order. But it raises issues that the educated public needs to understand. The peoples of the Middle Belt… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!