In an attempt to improve the standard of education in Oyo State, a National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) member, Funmilayo Adejumo renovated a block of classrooms and donated 50 desks to the students of Army Day Secondary School Odogbo, Ibadan. While commissioning the project on Wednesday, June 24, at the 2 Div Nigerian Army, Odogbo Cantonment, the Oyo State NYSC coordinator, Mrs Grace Ogbuogebe applauded the corp member for the magnanimous feat she achieved. According to her, the community development service project will go a long way to positively impact the lives of the host community and also serve as a platform to showcase the relevance and importance of the NYSC scheme. “Today event reveals that our corps members have lived up to expectations and I assure you all that we will not relent in our efforts in ensuring that every corps members in the pacesetter state contribute positively towards its growth.” Ogbuogebe further implored every corps members to identify the needs of their host communities and embark on a project to elevate standards of the community. ALSO READ: Buhari hails Sanwo-Olu at 55 Speaking with TribuneOnline, the corps member, Funmilayo Adejumo with state code OY/18B/5435 said she embarked on the mission to renovate the school and provide the desks because she witnessed the poor learning conditions of the students learning in the school. “Coming to this school for the first I noticed the poor learning conditions the students had to learn in and I decided to do something about it. Which eventually led actualisation of the renovation of Army Day Secondary School Odogbo.” Additionally, Funmilayo further urged fellow corps members to embrace the clarion call and feel into the needs of other in their community which would give them the ability to deliver a selfless service to their community and the nation at large.   She also used the opportunity to advise the general public to use any position they find themselves to extend a helping hand. Saying, “that’s the only way to build a better Nigeria.” Expressing his gladness and gratitude towards the renovation and donations, GOC Major General O.B. Omozoje said, the project carried out by the corp member was a laudable one and in line with the establishment of the scheme. He commended her for executing the project and went on to advise her to continue on her positive efforts, which he described as traits of a future leader. Also present at the commissioning, Zonal Inspector, Mr Adekeye commended corp member for the good job done. Noting, community development is one of the cardinal points of the NYSC scheme and Funmilayo has thrived in that aspect. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicating the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced a president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say we’re locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.