Officials of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) have arrested Twenty-seven suspected drug traffickers at Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Lagos. The suspects were nabbed before and during the COVID-19 lockdown till date. At a news conference in Lagos, the NDLEA Lagos Airport Commander, Garba Ahmadu said the suspects consisted of 25 males and 2 females. According to Ahmadu, most of the seizures put at 21 were achieved during the lockdown as most of the traffickers capitalized on the lockdown and the granting of cargo flights and other essential flights airlifting COVID-19 materials waivers to transport their illicit substance stuffed inside cargo goods. The seizures according to Ahmadu comprised: 25.053kg of cocaine, cannabis Sativa 31.330kg, ephedrine 19.811, tramadol 158.600kg and diazepam 42.000kg which total 301,282kg between January and June 2020. He stated that the last suspects and seizures of cocaine were made through the commercial flight by Ethiopian airline from Brazil to Lagos in January and February while in March till date were made through the cargo section of the MMIA, Lagos. During the lockdown, the NDLEA Commander said: “In this month alone, we made two seizures of cannabis sativa and ephedrine despite that there is a lockdown people are still taking advantage of the situation to see what they can do.” The NDLEA Lagos Commander explained that the seizures so far made between January and June this year had surpassed that of the total seizures made in 2019. He said this had shown that before the end of this year, the seizures may double or triple. His words: “If you compare the seizures for last year and what we have been able to do from the beginning of the year till date there is a huge increase because the total seizure for last year was about 377.801, now from the beginning of the year and mid-year now we have almost 301, so there is an upsurge in the volume of seizure. That goes to show that all things being equal before the end of the year it might double or Triple the seizures made last year.” Ahmadu noted that the command also successfully secured 9 convictions, adding that the feat was made possible by the vigilance and training of his officers in detecting drugs. Speaking on the International Day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking Day, with the theme: ‘Better knowledge for better care’, Ahmadu said the day is usually commemorated with week-long activities but that was not possible this year due to the coronavirus pandemic. He said the day which is commemorated every year 26th of June is aimed at creating awareness for people to develop a drug-free lifestyle. “Because of the pandemic the approach has to change, we had to do a lot of enlightenment from the inside not from the outside like it uses to be.” The theme for this year’s celebration is apt, I believe it had captured what everybody should be aspiring to work with, it is better we know how far and how we can handle the drug challenge.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.