Pioneered in 1974, World Environment Day is historically celebrated every year on June 5 in more than 140 countries. This day is set aside to commemorate the protection of our environment by raising awareness on emerging environmental issues and encouraging people, businesses and governments to take necessary steps to help protect the environment. This flagship campaign has grown to become a global platform for public outreach as this year sees diverse stakeholders once again participating in the forum themed “Time for Nature”. This year’s theme focuses on nature and is a call to action to stop the loss and degradation of our natural world, as human beings all have a role to play in preserving nature for future generations. Throughout history, human progress has been intrinsically tied to the management of waste due to its effect on public and environmental health. Streets, and more generally open spaces in cities, have often been used as receptacles for urban waste. In our oceans, the prevalence of waste threatens life below water and extinction for some. Waste management has affected human history in many ways just as it will in the future. At the Coca-Cola Company, the environment is a critical passion point as it remains the centrepiece of the company’s vision for a World Without Waste, one of its sustainability campaigns launched in 2018. As a total beverage company championing change in waste management and disposal, Coca-Cola is reshaping its approach to packaging, with a global goal to help collect and recycle the equivalent of 100 per cent of its packaging by 2030. With this vision, the company is investing in the planet and in packaging by making more sustainable packaging and by partnering with local communities, NGOs, industry and consumers to help promote packaging collection, proper waste disposal and recycling. This campaign is driven by largely focusing on penetrative behavioural change models in partnership with local organisations that have unique expertise in community mobilisation and who are able to work seamlessly in some of the communities where Coca-Cola’s beverages are consumed daily. The Coca-Cola System in Nigeria under its World Without Waste campaign has thrived through several strategic partnerships structured around three pillars – design, collect and partner. The design pillar is centred around how Coca-Cola is investing in innovation to build a better package and explore packaging-free alternatives for delivering our products to consumers. The collect pillar seeks to reduce waste by collecting the same amount of packaging it sells for reuse, help communities identify and better understand their existing recycling and collection challenges; motivate consumers to recycle their packages and create a viable supply of reusable materials, while the partner pillar speaks to work together to support a healthy, debris-free environment and oceans through driving industry collaboration. This is why Coca-Cola is championing an industry collaboration known as Food and Beverage Recycling Alliance (FBRA), a registered producer responsibility organisation driving food and beverage packaging recovery in Nigeria. Other NGO-led programmes sponsored by Coca-Cola through its philanthropic arm, The Coca-Cola Foundation include; The Recycling Scheme for Women and Youth Empowerment (RESWAYE) under the New World Programme in partnership with a local NGO, Mental and Environmental Development Initiative for Children (MEDIC). The programme drives sustainable environment education, women empowerment, and job creation through plastic waste recovery from at-risk natural spaces and water bodies along 16 coastal communities in Ibeju Lekki, with a $100,000 grant from The Coca-Cola Foundation. With grants of over $800,000 received from the Foundation, several recycling and women empowerment programs are being implemented to address the issue of environmental protection while empowering women who are significant pillars of the environment. Some of these programmes include the Clean Up Naija and RecyclesPay under the African Clean-Up Initiative, the ‘Cash for Trash’ targeted at setting up eight recycling hubs under the Initiative for the Advancement of Waste Management in Africa; Plastics 2 Resources by Global Shapers designed to change the behaviour of citizens on waste disposal and the S.H.A.P.E Programme organised in partnership with Whitefield Foundation. Two of such programmes, Clean Up Naija and RecyclesPay, run a series of volunteer-led clean-up events in Lagos where recyclable bottles are exchanged for school fees in low tuition schools thereby helping to keep Nigerian children in schools while empowering parents and engendering a recycling culture at the same time. Modern waste management has come far and with recycling and other advances, it is poised to go further. With 10 more years left on its 2030 mandate of a World Without Waste, Coca-Cola looks well on its way to achieving possibly bigger milestones than it might have set for its business; while ultimately inspiring an environmental awareness in the lives of the people it is committed to serve. World Environment Day has historically been celebrated every year on June 5 to encourage action for the protection of our environment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Northern Elders Forum Mere Irritant, Featherweight ― Presidency
The presidency on Sunday described the Northern Elders Forum (NEF) as a mere irritant and a featherweight following the position the group took on the worsening insecurity in the north. The presidency was reacting to a statement Sunday signed by the group’s convener, Prof. Ango Abdullahi, which alleged that the insecurity… Read full story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 403 New Cases, Total Now 16,085
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 403 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 16,085… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Why Black Lives Cannot Matter
The white world has, in recent weeks, been assisting in reevaluating black lives. They’ve joined blacks to shout ‘Black Lives Matter’ as the world agonises over deadly racism abroad. But how much of value do the blacks place on their own lives, especially in Africa? Is it the destiny of the black man to suffer and be pitied from eternity… Read full story Insecurity: North Set For Protest On Tuesday
Disturbed by the incessant killings in the North, the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has concluded arrangements to stage a protest on Tuesday. This was contained in a statement issued to newsmen in Kaduna on Sunday and signed by the spokesman of the group, Abdulazeez Suleiman… Read full story Wike Hosts Obaseki In Closed-Door Meeting
Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike on Sunday hosted his embattled Edo State counterpart, Godwin Obaseki in a secret meeting at the Government House Port Harcourt. No details were revealed about deliberations between the two governors from the South-South region of the country, but it must not be unconnected… Read full story Reconsider Decision On SON, NAFDAC’s Ban From Nation’s Ports, Land Borders —House Of Reps Urges FG
The House of Representatives has urged the federal government to reconsider its decision to disallow the nation’s regulatory agencies, Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) and National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), from operating at the nation’s ports and land borders… Read full story Post COVID-19 Economy: Considering Unclaimed Monies In Banks As Temporary Source Of Revenue
Although the guideline released by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) with effect from October 7, 2015 for management of dormant and inactive accounts has been in operation, Deposit Money… Read full story Subsidy Removal: We Won’t Be Used As Bait To Impose New Price Regime —Wabba
We have clearly made the point because the information we have is that last week after they paid the so-called arrears of subsidy, which some newspapers captured as almost N168 billion, they also gave the information that marketer would now start the importation of refined products. The marketers, on the other hand… Read full story Oshiomhole Must Be Stopped From Gifting Edo To Opposition —APC Publicity Secretary
There is really no major crisis in the party. We just have a man at the helm of affairs at the national level that is power drunk and irrational in his thinking. I say this with every sense of respect to his position. We are very mindful of the health and wellbeing of our people, knowing that the office of the governor is not worth the… Read full story FG Working To Use Plasma From Recovered COVID-19 Patients’ Blood For Treatment
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Sunday said the Federal Government is working on a research which aims to use plasma from the blood of recovered coronavirus (COVID-19) patients to treat other infected persons. Tribune Online reports that Ehanire said this while answering questions from journalists in Abuja on… Read full story Leadership Bytes From Edo
When Adams Oshiomole was jumping up and down campaigning for Godwin Obaseki in 2016 to succeed him as governor in Edo State, no one could have imagined that the relationship between him and his protégé would be headed south shortly thereafter. Obaseki was Chairman of the Edo State Economic and Strategy… Read full story EDITORIAL: UN’s Dire Forecast On Job Losses
LAST week, in a widely circulated official statement, Elisabeth Byers, Senior Spokesperson of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), issued a grim forecast for the Nigerian labour market that the Federal Government and authorities at various levels will do well to take to heart. Pointing to relevant UN data… Read full story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Power Of Quotes
Richard Branson abandoned schooling to become an entrepreneur in 1966. He started with Student Magazine, which he had hoped would become his generation’s voice. Despite the general acceptance of the magazine, it didn’t make as much money as he had envisaged. Consequently, the budding entrepreneur ran into… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!