Chairman, Lagos State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Engr. Deji Doherty has ordered shut down party offices and activities throughout the state till Sunday the 28th of June 2020 in honour of its Woman Leader, Mrs Sola Oladehinbo, who passed on late last week during a brief illness. Doherty disclosed this on Monday in a statement after the State Working Committee (SWC) of PDP paid a visit to the family of the deceased, saying the decision was taken as a mark of respect for the late Oladehinbo, who he described as very valuable, loyal and dedicated party chieftain. “Ladies and Gentlemen, Today Monday the 22nd of June 2020, The State Working Committee visited the family of our late Woman Leader, the Late Mrs Olusola Oladehinbo. May Her Gentle Soul Rest In Perfect Peace Amen. “Consequently, the State Working Committee has instructed the shut down of all party activities and offices throughout the state till Sunday the 28th of June 2020. “This decision was taken as a mark of respect for our very valuable, loyal and dedicated State Woman Leader who passed on late last week after a brief illness,” Doherty said. The party boss, while saying that details of E-Burial link of the deceased would be made available immediately it is secured from the family, stated that the late woman leader would be laid to rest on Wednesday the 24 th of June 2020, declaring that the exercise would be strictly family affair due to the COVID-19 pandemic now ravaging the entire globe. “The Late Mrs Sola Oladehinbo would be laid to eternal rest on Wednesday the 24th of June 2020, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it would be a strictly family affair,” he said. “Details of the E Burial link would be made available immediately it is secured from the family,” he added. Doherty, therefore, prayed Oladehinbo’s soul to continue to live in the bosom of her Lord Jesus Christ forever.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.