Delta State has recorded 183 COVID-19 positive cases between three days of June 23 and 25, 2020. There were 37 cases confirmed on Tuesday, 40 on Wednesday and no fewer than 106 on Thursday confirmed positive by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Among the positive cases were Dr. Minnie Oseji, a Perm. Sec with the Delta State Ministry of Health, Asaba & National President, Medical Women’s Association of Nigeria (MWAN). A journalist with the Warri Correspondents’ Chapel of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Mr Theophilus Onojeghen, was also among the positive cases. In a statement made available to journalists in Warri on Friday, Dr Oseji stated that the test on her was carried out on Thursday and it turned out positive on Friday. “Today, I received my COVID-19 test result which was carried out yesterday 25th June 2020 and it turned out positive. “I am now on isolation at home where I am receiving treatment. “Keep me in your prayers for a speedy recovery without sequelae,” she noted. It will be recalled that Governor Ifeanyi Okowa’s daughter’s also reportedly tested positive, a development coming barely a week after his Secretary to State Government (SSG), Mr Chiedu Ibie and Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu, also tested positive for COVID-19. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, in Asaba on Friday, said, “consequently, the Governor and his family members will immediately commence self-isolation for 14 days”. “It is again pertinent to stress that COVID-19 is real, and citizens are advised to be disciplined and comply with the protocols of wearing Face Masks and maintaining physical-distancing while in public places as well as basic hygiene of hand-washing with soap in running water and use of alcohol-based sanitisers as NCDC regulation demands,” Ifeajika added. Meanwhile, former governor of the state, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan, has urged Nigerians to be up and doing in stemming the spread of the infection. In his verified official Facebook timely on Friday, the medical doctor enthused that Nigerians had gradually moved from the stage of denial to the stage of rhetorically asking: “How careful can we be?” “It is now obvious that COVID-19 is right here with us. More worrisome is that, people whom we believe are quite careful, are contracting it,” the Itsekiri-born former governor quipped. He worrisomely further asked, saying: “two issues that are arising” are “do we really know the complete mode of transmission? Is it not possible that the mode of transmission is more than what the scientists are currently telling us? No doubt it is a new illness, so we may not know everything about it. How careful can we be?
These two questions have no concrete answers.” Besides reeling out COVID-19 precautionary guidelines, which he described as a minimum, to remind Nigerians in taking responsibility, Dr Uduaghan admonished Nigerians to engage in a healthy diet, regular exercises, cleaning of surfaces regularly with soap and water, bleach, Dettol, spirits or savlon etc. He also urged heads of families to ensure regular monitoring of domestic staff such as drivers, stewards, cooks, orderlies, security staff and Personal Assistants who liaise with people outside. “Minimise social visits and social gatherings. Our outing should be more for economic activities. “Let’s try and do more for ourselves, while the various arms of government are doing their best. May God heal those who currently have the disease,” he prayed.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.