Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has described his emergence as an indication that God, from the outset, directed him to leave the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the APC. According to Ize-Iyamu, the fact that God is sanctioning his current political journey is evident in the removal of obstacles on his way, adding that this will be crowned with overwhelming victory in the September 19 governorship poll. Speaking on a Channels Television programme on Monday evening, Ize-Iyamu said God remains his only godfather and has blessed his current campaign to become governor of Edo State. He also premised his assurance of victory on the fact that Edo people support him for being sincere, focused, well-grounded and having a clear-cut agenda that shows understanding of their peculiar problems. “A lot of people support me not because I am governor or in government, but because they know me, they believe in the agenda that I stand for. I have a lot of followers who believe that if I am governor that Edo state will be better. “From what I am seeing, a lot of people that want to follow the present governor into PDP are being cajoled. I have video messages of them trying to force political appointees to follow them into PDP. “They can follow them but on election day, how do you force them to vote for you? A lot of people that supported me before still support me. Many of those squarely left in PDP were just skeptical that I will not get the ticket in APC. “But from the outset, I knew that it was God that was directing me and I have been vindicated. If you see the peace that prevailed over the primary, you will know that it is not ordinary. I am optimistic that I will get more votes this time and will win overwhelmingly,” he said. “I have an intimate relationship with God. There is nothing I do without seeking his face. And when option came to leave the PDP for the APC, I had to seek the face of God and pray and God gave me peace. I am confident that everything I am doing right now has the blessing of God. “When God is with you, you see obstacles becoming testimonies. All the obstacles that have come my way have become testimonies. I am confident that by the time we do the election on September 19, I am very confident that I will win,” Ize-Iyamu added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!