Popular Nollywood actress, Regina Daniels, has welcomed her first child, a baby boy, for her husband, Ned Nwoko. Tribune Online recalls that Regina Daniels and her billionaire husband, Nwoko, confirmed that they were expecting their first child together in May. Confirming the news, her brother took to his Instagram page to congratulate her. He wrote: “Officially an uncle you know?
Congratulations my diamond
It’s a bouncing baby boy
Iyanu ti sele
@regina.daniels
Gods the greatest.”   You have always been strong in all ramifications and I’m proud of you congrats @regina.daniels it’s a A post shared by  THE FUTURE (@real.sammywest) on Jun 29, 2020 at 4:38am PDT The couple got married in April 2019 and the 38 years gap between them have been the talk of social media. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets
It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story Over One Million Nigerians Enrolled For N-Power In 48 Hours
No fewer than one million Nigerians have so far enrolled for the N-Power programme in the last 48 hours… Read Full Story Six-Year-Old Girl Raped To Death, Abandoned Inside Kaduna Mosque
Body of a six-year-old girl, Khadijah Ya’u allegedly raped to death by her captor(s) was found in a mosque located at New Road, Kurmi Mashi by Nnamdi Azikiwe bypass in the Kaduna North local government area of Kaduna State… Read Full Story How To Avoid Sliding From Success To Failure
When former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) governor, Chukwuma Soludo, directed banks to shore up their capital base to N25 billion in 2006, Intercontinental Bank was one of those that had no problem complying. The bank had built such a solid reputation for itself that when it issued its initial public offer, it enjoyed good subscription… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!