Access Bank Plc has said it would refund its customers whose accounts were debited for stamp duty charges. The bank made this known on Sunday after it received heavy criticisms for the charges. Recall that account owners on the microblogging site, Twitter, called out the bank throughout the weekend for the charges, which some of them described as insensitive, coming at a time when many had lost their means of livelihood due to the COVID-19 pandemic. But the bank, in a statement, said it had informed the customers earlier in the week of its decision. “Earlier this week, we informed all our customers that we had inadvertently not charged stamp duty on some accounts from February to April 2020 as mandated by the Federal Government,” the statement read. Explaining the reason for stamp duty charges, the bank said: “Stamp duty charge collection is in compliance with the mandate of the Finance Act, 2019 (Stamp Duty Act, Cap S8). We are required by law to apply this charge as applicable and remit all funds collected to the Federal Government.” Promising to refund the affected customers their money, the bank said it had taken cognisance of the customers’ displeasure and had decided to rescind its decision for the affected months of February, March and April, saying it would pay the Federal Government on the customers’ behalf. “We have considered your feedback and have decided to pay the stamp duty on our customers’ behalf for the affected period only. This means all individual and SMEs who were debited for the accumulated stamp duty charge for February to April 2020, will be refunded. “While we still have to remit these funds via the CBN to the Federal Government, we realise that we got it wrong by debiting our customers late, and we are refunding the affected stamp duty charge today to all affected customers,” the bank said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!