Another killing was recorded in Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Monday morning, with five-year-old Mujeeb Tirimisiyu hacked to death by yet-to-be-identified persons. Just after Monday morning’s rainfall, Mujeeb had gone to the back of the house in Tose area of Akinyele LGA to defecate only to be hit with a shovel by the assailants who escaped into the bush afterwards. Apparently, under the attack, Mujeeb had let out a cry for help but before his mother could find where the voice came from, he had been struck and left in the pool of his own blood. Giving an account of the killing, mother of the deceased, Mrs Tirimisiyu said, “When the rain subsided, he told her older sibling that he wanted to go and defecate. The older sibling opened the back door for him to go defecate. “Had I known I would have asked him to defecate in the front of the house. Suddenly, he cried out, “Mummy, Mummy”. His elder one and I rushed out to the backyard but we didn’t see him initially. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Another 30 test positive in Plateau “Then I checked beside the bush and found him macheted. He hadn’t died when we got there. So, people took him from my hand to take him to the hospital but he later died.” Mujeeb’s killing follows three earlier cases of that of Grace Oshiagwu, Barakat Bello and Azeezat Shomuyiwa in the same Akinyele Local Government Area. On the incident, state Police Public Relations Office, Gbenga Fadeyi, said the police had commenced an investigation with a view to getting to the root of the incident. Asked that such killings were getting rampant in the same local government area, Fadeyi avowed that the police had put in place certain strategies bound to arrest persons behind such acts. “We are on top of the situation. Efforts are still being intensified. We will get to the root of the matter. “The police has commenced an investigation into the matter so that we can get to the root of all these persons behind these dastardly acts. Very soon, we will get them. “We will not reveal our strategies but measures are being put in place and with time, they will yield results,” Fadeyi said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!