Justice Adedayo Akintoye of an Igbosere High Court in Lagos on Monday sentenced two men, Kingsley Baba and Bashiru Musa to 21 years in prison each, for robbery. The duo was charged by the Lagos State Government on a three-count charge bordering on conspiracy and armed robbery. Delivering judgment during the virtual court proceedings, the judge found the defendants guilty as charged. Justice Akintoye said that the pieces of evidence given by three prosecution witnesses established that a robbery was actually committed on Dec. 8, 2015. “The evidence before the court substantiated that a robbery took place but not armed robbery. “In this case, there was no eye witness account to the offence of armed robbery as non of the prosecution witnesses saw the defendants with any weapon. “Section 166 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Law (ACJL) provides that a person charged with an offence can be convicted and punished with another offence as if he was charged with that offence. “Though the defendants did not take part in the armed robbery but took part in a robbery, they will be convicted on Section 295(1) and not Section 295(2) of the Criminal Law of Lagos State. ALSO READ: Edo 2020: Clark flays APC screening committee, urges Obaseki to opt for PDP gov ticket “The question here is whether the defendants took part in the robbery. “The evidence before the court is that the second defendant (Musa) claimed to be asleep when the robbery took place despite the loud noises. “I find it hard to believe that the second defendant slept all through the entire commotion, doors were broken and gunshot heard. “The investigating police officer gave evidence that it was Musa who asked the first defendant (Baba) and others at large that they should try to rob his madam. “It is my opinion that Musa did act in a manner to enable others to commit robbery. ALSO READ: FG has received N1.69b COVID-19 donations ―AGF “Also the confessional statement of the first defendant (Baba) stated that Musa aided in the robbery. “The prosecution sufficiently linked the second defendant to the commission of the robbery. “I hold that the second defendant is guilty of robbing Mrs Olutosin Abiola Oshinowo,” Akintoye said. She, however, said that the prosecution could not prove the offence of robbery or armed robbery against the second defendant in count three with regards to armed robbery against one Desmond Wester. Akintoye said that the prosecution, however, proved the offence of conspiracy to commit robbery against the first and second defendants. She said evidence before the court stated that prior to the robbery, PW2(Victim) stated that she has seen the first and second defendants together in front of her house smoking Indian hemp. The judge also said that the first defendant admitted in his statement that he discussed the robbery with the second defendant and one Emmanuel and Bright still at large. “To my mind, the complicity in the robbery has been established and the conspiracy to commit the robbery has also been established. “The second defendant Bashiru Musa is found guilty of count two of robbery contrary to Section 295(a) of the Criminal Law of Lagos State 2011 and he is not guilty of count three alone. “The defendants are hereby convicted. “I have listened to the plea of leniency made by the counsel to the defendants. However, the law does not allow for discretion on the part of the court for these offences as imprisonment for these offences must not be less than 21 years. “I, therefore, sentence the first and second defendants on count one to 21 years imprisonment each, less their period of remand. ALSO READ: Man 40, arrested for alleged assault on 9-year-old niece in Anambra “The second defendant is sentenced to 21 years imprisonment on count two, less his period of remand. The sentence levelled on the second defendant shall run concurrently. “On count three the second defendant is found not guilty. This is the sentence of this court,” Akintoye held. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that after the conviction of the defendants, their counsel, Mr Ahmad Adetola-Kazeem, urged the court to temper justice with mercy. He said that the defendants were first-time offenders. However, the Prosecutor, Mr Yussuf Sule, urged the court to use its discretion, adding that there was no previous record of conviction of the defendants. The prosecution arraigned the defendants sometime in 2017 and they were remanded in the correctional centre. According to the prosecution, the defendants had been in custody since 2015 after they were arrested. Sule had said that the defendant committed the offence on Dec. 8, 2015, at 3:30 a.m, at No.10 Samuel Oloje St., Purview Estate, Ajah, Lagos. He said that the duo and others at large, robbed two people, one Mrs Olutosin Abiola Oshinowo and one Desmond Wester while armed with offensive weapons and stole a laptop, cash, jewellery and an ATM card. The prosecutor said that the offences contravened Sections 295(2)and 297 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2011. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Northern Elders Forum Mere Irritant, Featherweight ― Presidency
The presidency on Sunday described the Northern Elders Forum (NEF) as a mere irritant and a featherweight following the position the group took on the worsening insecurity in the north. The presidency was reacting to a statement Sunday signed by the group’s convener, Prof. Ango Abdullahi, which alleged that the insecurity… Read full story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 403 New Cases, Total Now 16,085
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 403 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 16,085… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Why Black Lives Cannot Matter
The white world has, in recent weeks, been assisting in reevaluating black lives. They’ve joined blacks to shout ‘Black Lives Matter’ as the world agonises over deadly racism abroad. But how much of value do the blacks place on their own lives, especially in Africa? Is it the destiny of the black man to suffer and be pitied from eternity… Read full story Insecurity: North Set For Protest On Tuesday
Disturbed by the incessant killings in the North, the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has concluded arrangements to stage a protest on Tuesday. This was contained in a statement issued to newsmen in Kaduna on Sunday and signed by the spokesman of the group, Abdulazeez Suleiman… Read full story Wike Hosts Obaseki In Closed-Door Meeting
Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike on Sunday hosted his embattled Edo State counterpart, Godwin Obaseki in a secret meeting at the Government House Port Harcourt. No details were revealed about deliberations between the two governors from the South-South region of the country, but it must not be unconnected… Read full story Reconsider Decision On SON, NAFDAC’s Ban From Nation’s Ports, Land Borders —House Of Reps Urges FG
The House of Representatives has urged the federal government to reconsider its decision to disallow the nation’s regulatory agencies, Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) and National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), from operating at the nation’s ports and land borders… Read full story Post COVID-19 Economy: Considering Unclaimed Monies In Banks As Temporary Source Of Revenue
Although the guideline released by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) with effect from October 7, 2015 for management of dormant and inactive accounts has been in operation, Deposit Money… Read full story Subsidy Removal: We Won’t Be Used As Bait To Impose New Price Regime —Wabba
We have clearly made the point because the information we have is that last week after they paid the so-called arrears of subsidy, which some newspapers captured as almost N168 billion, they also gave the information that marketer would now start the importation of refined products. The marketers, on the other hand… Read full story Oshiomhole Must Be Stopped From Gifting Edo To Opposition —APC Publicity Secretary
There is really no major crisis in the party. We just have a man at the helm of affairs at the national level that is power drunk and irrational in his thinking. I say this with every sense of respect to his position. We are very mindful of the health and wellbeing of our people, knowing that the office of the governor is not worth the… Read full story FG Working To Use Plasma From Recovered COVID-19 Patients’ Blood For Treatment
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Sunday said the Federal Government is working on a research which aims to use plasma from the blood of recovered coronavirus (COVID-19) patients to treat other infected persons. Tribune Online reports that Ehanire said this while answering questions from journalists in Abuja on… Read full story Leadership Bytes From Edo
When Adams Oshiomole was jumping up and down campaigning for Godwin Obaseki in 2016 to succeed him as governor in Edo State, no one could have imagined that the relationship between him and his protégé would be headed south shortly thereafter. Obaseki was Chairman of the Edo State Economic and Strategy… Read full story EDITORIAL: UN’s Dire Forecast On Job Losses
LAST week, in a widely circulated official statement, Elisabeth Byers, Senior Spokesperson of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), issued a grim forecast for the Nigerian labour market that the Federal Government and authorities at various levels will do well to take to heart. Pointing to relevant UN data… Read full story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Power Of Quotes
Richard Branson abandoned schooling to become an entrepreneur in 1966. He started with Student Magazine, which he had hoped would become his generation’s voice. Despite the general acceptance of the magazine, it didn’t make as much money as he had envisaged. Consequently, the budding entrepreneur ran into… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!