Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Friday said the recognition of June 12 as a Democracy day has shown the readiness of President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration to lead the country on the path of democratic ethos for which the symbol of the struggle paid the supreme sacrifice. Akeredolu who stated this during a broadcast to the people of the state to commemorate June 12 as democracy day, emphasised that the recognition of the day as a national day goes beyond the symbolic recognition celebrated with the declaration of a public holiday. Akeredolu said: “It represents the revalidation of hope. It signifies the commencement of the journey towards national rebirth. “It holds the message of altruistic service. It celebrates the triumph of resilience. It is a deft stroke on the canvass of justice. “It is a veritable galvaniser towards the actualization of the national aspiration for development. It calls for renewed dedication to serve the fatherland.” According to the governor, Democratic governance should not be seen as an end in itself but should serve the purpose of effecting positive impact on the people for whom it is designed “otherwise it should be categorized as organized banditry. ALSO READ: Buhari will be remembered for his decision on June 12 ― Fayemi “It is possible for us to achieve greatness if we dedicate ourselves to serve our State in truth and indeed. “The welfare of the people must be the basis of engagement. Our challenges must remain the focus of governance. “The achievements of any administration must be clearly discernible in the quality of living of the people. “Issues of development should not be treated as an abstraction. The people must be able to relate to the activities of the government at all levels.” He said his administration has remained focused on the need to bring to bear purposeful leadership with a pledge to bridge the huge infrastructural deficit to ameliorate the living conditions of our people. “We have allowed equity to be the abiding principle of governance. We are acutely aware of the grinding poverty in the land. “Our administration has continued to forge ahead in the discharge of the onerous mandate of service liberally given by the good people of the state. “Unshaken in the belief that the welfare of the people should be the directive principle of state policy, we are determined to continue to serve the people. “It is a great privilege to be entrusted with the responsibility to bring succour to the downtrodden. We do not intend to betray it. “We have been able to touch virtually all sectors despite the paucity of funds. Our Administration has embarked on ambitious road projects among other life-impacting interventions in all the nooks and crannies of the State. “All the three Senatorial Districts are dotted with imprints of service in all the sectors. We understand that development is not an event. It is a long and arduous process peculiar to societies and determined by the specific needs of any people. “Achieving the lofty aims of advancement requires focus, dedication and perseverance. We must be willing to sacrifice for the common good and I am prepared to continue to take the lead. efforts to curtail it, crippling many facets of the economy as it passes the first 100 days of… Read full story Senate Threatens To Issue Warrant Of Arrest On Heads Of MDAs
The Senate has threatened to issue warrants of arrest on some ministries department and agencies of government over failure to appear before it and respond to queries by the Auditor General of the Federation. Tribune Online reports that the threat follows the refusal of the agencies of government to honour the invitation of… Read full story June 12: A Milestone For Democracy – Tinubu
The election of June 12th 1993 changed Nigeria profoundly. That it would have this deep and positive effect was not always certain. Many people laboured, struggled and sacrificed for democracy. They fought not that we would have democracy day but that Nigeria might exist as a democracy every day. When I say democracy… Read full story EDITORIAL: Defence Minister’s Lamentation
THE Minister of Defence, Bashir Magashi, has lamented that Nigeria’s military is too understaffed and underfunded to tackle the various security challenges facing the country. He made this lamentation while briefing journalists after a Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting where he said he had made a presentation on…Akeredolu Akeredolu Akeredolu  Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING