The National leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) led by its chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, has urged its caucus in the National Assembly to put an end to excessive borrowing being undertaken by the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The chairman, who described the increasing loans as embarrassment, said the debt burden is already weighing heavily on the country with possible consequences in the nation politically and economically. His words: “We are also worried about the continuous borrowing by the executive arm of Government, if it continues like this, Nigerians would be feeling the pains on their neck and it will get to a point if we continue to borrow the way the executive arm is going, it will be difficult to breathe both politically and economically. “So this must come to an end, there must be an end to borrowing. Those are the issues we have asked our senators to raise in the Senate.” ALSO READ: Foreign herdsmen: No law stopping cross-border movements ― FG Secondus said the opposition party was also interested in the commencement of electoral reform to improve the electoral system and make for peaceful and credible elections devoid of violence, intimidation, arms and ammunition to win at all costs. “The issue of electoral reforms which is also on our minds and on the minds of Nigerians can not be postponed any further,” Secondus stated. On the Edo State Governorship processes, he said they were ongoing. “The processes have started yesterday with the three man’s delegate election. On the 19th is the congress proper.” The senate minority leader Eyinanya Abaribe earlier indicated that all the matters that affect senators were all discussed and were satisfactorily resolved. “And like I said it is normal that there are disagreement between political parties and we can be very certain that these disagreements can easily be resolved when you understand each other and when you have meetings of this nature which we have done. “The senators are very happy and we are on the same page with the party. PDP is strong and PDP is united.” The Ninth Assembly has maintained that it would not work along party lines but for the interest of the nation as this would enable them to attend to issues that would be beneficial to the nation than sectional or party lines. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE