The British High Commissioner to Nigeria, Her Excellency Catriona Laing and the Honourable Minister of State for Environment, Sharon Ikeazor, on Tuesday, signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the United Kingdom Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS), Energy Commission of Nigeria (ECN) and the Federal Ministry of Environment. According to a release from the British High Commission, the purpose of the MOU is to strengthen and co-ordinate the UK Government’s efforts to support Nigeria to develop an updated version of Nigeria’s Energy Calculator using the experience of other countries around the world. The proposed implementation period is May 2020 to October 2021. The UK Government, with support from academia and the private sector, developed the 2050 Calculator model in 2010 as a way to consolidate the evidence base to inform its low-carbon transition. In 2013, the Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC), now known as BEIS, through the British High Commission to Nigeria, supported the ECN to adapt and produce the initial phase of the Nigeria Energy Calculator 2050 (NECAL 2050), which the Federal Government launched on 28 October 2015 with the UK Foreign Secretary’s Special Representative for Climate Change. BEIS is supporting Nigeria to develop the 2050 Calculator and is working closely with the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) and its delivery partner – a consortium led by Mott MacDonald, Imperial College London, the Federal Ministry of Environment and ECN – to implement the project. The UK Government is now supporting the Federal Government of Nigeria to further develop the updated version of the NECAL 2050 tool for sustainable energy policy planning, monitoring Nigeria’s Nationally Determined Contribution (NDC) commitments and combating climate change. Nigeria’s NDC pledges to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. This will be most effective if based on the best available science, with strategies continually based on new evidence, which is what the 2050 Calculator provides. As both countries recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, the UK will be working closely with Nigeria to ensure efforts to reduce emissions are successfully delivered. Addressing attendees as she opened the MOU signing ceremony, the British High Commissioner said: “The development of the 2050 Calculator further strengthens bilateral collaboration on climate change issues and encourages a strong and progressive Nigerian voice in the run-up to COP26, which the UK looks forward to hosting in 2021. We are keen to work closely with Nigeria to deliver the ambitious deal needed to avert the dangers of climate change – success is in our mutual interest.” Ikeazor, Minister of State for Environment said: “The Nigeria Energy Calculator 2050 tool offers an opportunity for policymakers, academia, civil society organisations and the private sector to engage on enhancing sustainable energy pathways in Nigeria. I hope that collaborative efforts between Nigeria and the United Kingdom will continue to yield positive results for the achievement of a climate-resilient and a green growth path for national sustainable development.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say were locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.