Dr. Victor Omololu Olunloyo, a former governor of old Oyo State and a school mate of the first Professor of Medicine in Nigeria, Professor Ladipo Akinkugbe, who died recently, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, reminisced about his friendship with the late giant in the field of Medicine among other issues. Excerpts:  What was your first encounter with Professor Akinkugbe; where was your first point of contact? Our first point of contact was Government College, Ibadan (GCI). He was in a class two years ahead of mine. Our class was the first ‘double stream’, in 1948. Before that, Government College normally took only 24 students. There was a myth around Ladipo Olujimi Akinkugbe and the myth persisted till today: We call him “Number 25”. GCI normally took 24 students but in the year he took the entrance exams, somebody had been offered admission but the person declined on the grounds that he didn’t have enough money to pay the school fees. Apparently on the list, Ladipo Akinkugbe was the Number 25 so they struck that fellow off after giving him some time and brought in the No. 25, who was Ladipo Akinkugbe. Then the drama began. When we entered the school, we were told that in the first exam they did, and all the exams they had, the No. 25 was not in the 25th position, was not in the 24th position as they were only 24 but the so-called ‘No. 25’ came second. So, that showed that something was wrong with the system of the entrance exam. Throughout his school days in GCI, he was regarded as a kind of threat and an amusing one because he seemed to have stuck to his second position. There were two other very brilliant chaps: S. B. Oni, a first class medical practitioner and Professor Muyiwa Awe, Cambridge Physics. If Oni was not first, Awe would be the first. As a matter of fact, Oni would more often than not come first and Awe would come third, but No. 25 was always second.  Considering this phenomenon and the fact that this man who was always coming second ended up becoming the first professor of Medicine in Nigeria, what attributes would you say stood Professor Akinkugbe out in a class filled by geniuses? Yes, his class contained a lot of brilliant boys, 24 of them. They were very studious. In fact, we who were two years behind them sort of hated them because they were too studious and they never played any sports successfully. The school was founded on excellence in sports and academics, but they never could kick a ball. Nobody in that class could. We regarded the members of their class as ‘people with two left legs’. They didn’t seem to have won a match in their class, they won no match. The class before theirs, Nathaniel Oyelola, Emiola Adesina, Lesley Harriman, Odunjo were all fantastic gentlemen… I don’t know how they selected them but they were fantastic. But Akinkugbe’s class contained highly brilliant people. Christopher Kolade was one of them; Wole Soyinka was another and then you had Abel Guobadia who was one of those who have handled INEC very successfully in this country; Ajoje Akintobi was one of them, he was formerly Chief Accountant of UCH and so on. More than two-thirds of them were definitely first class material. They were very exceptional but they never played any sports.  When was the last time you met Professor Akinkugbe? I met him very frequently. The last time was at the launch of Professor Ayo Banjo’s book, last year. He was aghast at the quality of some of those who had taken over in the various offices he had held. He was really flabbergasted at the quality of those who had followed him not just in medicine but in the vice chancellorships and JAMB and so on. We made jokes and I was mocking him, I said if the kind of English he heard people speak was the same kind of English he spoke with Lord Fulton and we laughed over it. He was amazed at the fallen standard. He had the presence of mind to organise meaningful ceremonies. One of them was a class set event which had Christopher Kolade and some others in attendance. Lekan Are and I who were his juniors were also there and he marked out the status of each of his classmates: Those who were dead; those who are living; those who cannot be located or traced. There were about four categories. We were all saying ‘who is the next?’ It was a very expensive joke which we cracked at one Old Boys meeting where Guobadia was and Lekan Are. At the meeting, Guobadia said something like ‘definitely not myself, but he was the next one that the cold hands of death plucked.  Looking back sir, you will agree that many of your seniors and contemporaries and even juniors are exiting one by one. We’ve had Richard Akinjide, Lekan Are, Bayo Adetunji and now Professor Akinkugbe. Are you worried or scared? I’m both worried and scared that the time is diminishing but I am also amused because the moment of silence is a very insignificant moment. At one stage we will cease to exist in the form in which we exist now. So anything one has to do like writing one should rather do it quickly and I am grateful to my junior, Dr Mosuro who is always asking me, like a senior, ‘up to what page?’ and I will say 17. But if one sometimes dreams that one is given just 10 more days, one would write down many interesting things. My own story is very much more interesting than that of many people because I split my energies between politics and academics. Even in academics, I split myself between engineering mathematics and three different parts of mathematics. So, I have quite a lot to say. I was in charge of Chieftaincy, I was in charge of Education, in charge of Local Governments and sometimes, I was in charge of the census.  Are there things you would have loved to do differently when you review your life and its trajectory? O yes! There were some foolish things that one did and one would have preferred to do them in a completely different way. But I won’t say what they are. They are private and when I say private, you know what I mean. There were some colossal mistakes that one made. Well, one was not the only decision maker and so, one cannot say one has been perfect in making one’s choices. But for the academic, I enjoyed myself till today. In literature, in mathematics, I still do a lot of reading and writing and lecturing and this keeps me awake day and night. So, I’m very proud of some of the achievements that we made in Government College. Apart from those of us who are here, there were some boys who were junior to us who we saw as more brilliant. D. O. Fagunwa had a son who was very brilliant and so did the Alaafin; Alaafin’s son was known as Dosu Gbadegesin. They were in the same class. These boys were really brilliant and they kept us on our toes. There were people who could draw; people like Alasoadura. Some of us could not draw but the boys from Bendel as it was called were very good in the artworks. They were very brilliant artists and made really impressive drawings.  Professor Akinkugbe must have really made impressions on you and on many people in and out of Nigeria. He was also a very great supporter of Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I recall that he was always there when events were held in Ikenne. He was a pro-Awolowo person. When we were in the University College and when we went to England, one other thing that brought Professor Akinkugbe and I together was music. This was even when we were about 500 miles apart. We explored the music of Fela Sowande, the Independence Symphony, African Suite and so on. We went into the structures of those pieces of music very deeply.  What would you say to the widow of Professor Akinkugbe? Oh, poor Shade, she is a very quiet person. She was in St. Anne’s. There was this kind of attraction Government College boys had for St Anne’s girls rather than Queen’s College girls or St. Teresa’s. There was this kind of magnetism between Government College boys and St. Anne’s girls and between their principals. The principals consummated everything by Mr. Dereck John Bullock and Miss Christine Groves getting married in 1973. Akinkugbe’s wife is a very good woman. I commiserate with her very much and her friends. She is a very decent, quiet woman.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story COVID-19: Increased Number Of Cases, Warning Signal ― Minister
The Federal Ministry of Health says the increasing number of coronavirus infections in the country should be a warning that the fatality rate could rise. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, gave the warning at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country on Thursday in Abuja… Read Full Story COVID-19: Striking Doctors Are Frustrated, Health Minister Admits • Says FG can’t dictate to states
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, admitted that the striking doctors under the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have some things they are really frustrated about. Ehanire, who said he had a frank discussion with the young doctors in his office on Thursday morning over their… Read Full Story COVID-19: FG Takes Measures To Reduce Fatality Rate, Signs Pact With Republic Of Korea
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF), on Thursday, announced measures to limit and reduce the COVID-19 fatality rate, which it said has hit 469 deaths as at Thursday morning. Speaking at the PTF daily briefing, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said the increasing number of cases should be a warning that… Read Full Story FG Moves To Reduce High Rate Of Illegal Gold Mining, Smuggling
In its efforts to minimise the high rate of illegal gold mining and smuggling, the Federal Government, on Thursday, said it is currently creating a gold ecosystem, which would also increase government’s revenue from the resource, create jobs, and improve environmental and social stewardship… Read Full Story Sharif, CNG Leader, Regains Freedom
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has confirmed the release of Nastura Ashir Sharif, its chairman, Board of Trustees on Thursday. Recall that Sharif was arrested on Tuesday afternoon and moved to Abuja shortly after the peaceful protests in Katsina against the killings of helpless and defenceless citizens by bandits… Read Full Story Rapists Will Be Hung To Death In Kaduna ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has assured the people of Kaduna State that no matter what it takes he will sign the law that recommends death penalty by hanging for rapists in the state. This was disclosed by the Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba, in her verified Twitter handle… Read Full Story Kaduna’s Sultan Bello Mosque Resumes Juma’at Prayer Today
SULTAN Bello Mosque, Kaduna, has acquired three disinfectant machines as part of measures to safeguard worshippers from coronavirus infection and help in restoring the mosque to safe and beneficial use for the ummah. The Chief Imam of the mosque, Sheikh Mohammed Suleiman Adam, who made the disclosure in an interview… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Reps And The Media Lockout
REPORTS in the media last week indicated a direct assault on press freedom by the House of Representatives. The assault was carried out at a public hearing on the vexatious Control of Infectious Diseases Bill organised by its joint Committee on Health Services, Health Institutions and Justice… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!