The Association of Resident Doctors, University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan chapter, says its members joined the indefinite nationwide strike to protect, not only the doctors but also the patients. Dr Adeleke Adedapo, the Vice President of the association’s action was in compliance with the directive by the national body, the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD). Adedapo said the doctors were not unaware of the rising cases of COVID-19 pandemic in the state, but “there is never a good time to stage a strike.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that NARD had on Sunday instructed its members to down tools over shortage of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and poor remuneration for members as they battle the raging Coronavirus pandemic. Adedapo told NAN that embarking on a strike as a last resort was unfortunate, saying “it was done in a bid to protect, not only the doctors but also the patients.” According to him, we have joined the nationwide strike called by the national body of our association; we are only rendering services at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and attending to COVID-19 patients. “We have not arrived at this decision recklessly, but we have carefully considered the positive and negative implications of going on a strike during this period. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Sokoto discharges 12 Almajiris from isolation centre “For us as healthcare workers, there is never a right or good time for us to embark on a strike. “But sometimes you just have to take decisions, not only for your own safety but also the lives of those you have sworn to save. “It is a dilemma, should we continue to render services without adequate protection and have many of us contracting Coronavirus. “What this means is that these doctors will be withdrawn from rendering healthcare services, and eventually there will be no doctors to treat the patients,” he said. Adedapo quoted a former Minister of Health, Prof. Onyebuchi Chukwu, as saying “every good thing in the country’s health sector today is a result of previous strikes. He said, “It is important to note that this statement is coming from a former Minister of Health who once threatened to sack all resident doctors for going on striking.” Adedapo said that there was also a growing misconception among the patients that they were being infected with COVID-19 pandemic by doctors due to inadequate protective equipment. “On the issue of the Federal Government’s threat to invoke the ‘no work no pay rule’ on striking resident doctors, this will not be the first time we will be facing this threat and this will not be the last. “The Federal Government should know that it cannot continue to do the same thing and expect a different result,” he said. A NAN visit to the out-patients clinics and emergency unit of the hospital revealed that only skeletal services were being rendered due to the ongoing strike. NAN also reports that as of the time of this report, Nigeria has confirmed 17,735 Coronavirus cases, with 469 deaths according to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria Records 587 New Cases, Total Now 17,735
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Wednesday, announced that the country has recorded 587 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 17,735… Read Full Story FG To Concession Benin – Asaba, Abuja – Lokoja, Kaduna – Kano Highways, Others
The federal government is determined to outsource repair and maintenance of certain Federal highways, Minister of Works, Babatunde Fashola, dropped the hint on Wednesday at the National Assembly Joint Committee on Works. The concession arrangement which he called, “Highway Development and Management… Read Full Story FG, States, LGs Share N547.309bn For May 2020
The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC), on Wednesday, at its meeting via Virtual Conferencing, chaired by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Dr Mahmoud Isa-Dutse, shared to the three tiers of government, a total sum of N547.309 billion as federation… Read Full Story NEWS ANALYSIS: APC In The Last 24 Hours
The trajectory of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the country in the last 24 hours typifies the story in the timeless literary work of a dermatologist, Professor Okoro Anezionwu, One week one trouble. Almost every passing second, the party has continued to entertain Nigerians and indeed the world with a full… Read Full Story Africa’s COVID-19 Cases Surpass 250,000 ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO), Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, says the number of coronavirus cases in Africa is now over 256,000. The UN health agency gave the update on its official twitter account @WHOAFRO on Wednesday… Read Full Story No Report Of COVID-19 Transmission In Blood Recipients — Experts
CONSENSUS by experts at the Lagos State 2020 World Blood Donor Day was that COVID-19 is not likely to be transmitted through blood transfusion. Professor Sulaimon Akanmu, speaking at a webinar conference hosted by the Lagos State Blood Transfusion Service, stated that COVID -19 antibodies have been… Read Full Story ASUU Cautions Against Rushing To Reopen Schools
ACADEMIC Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has advised federal and state governments not to hasten to reopen schools until all necessary measures have been put in place to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in schools. The president of the union, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, gave the advice in an exclusive… Read Full Story COVID-19: Private Hospital Closed Down As 17 Staff Test Positive In Plateau
A private hospital in Jos, Plateau State, Rayfield Medical Services LTD, has been closed down as 17 staff of the hospital tested positive for COVID-19 after coming in contact with a coronavirus patient. The State Commissioner of Health Dr Nimkong Nadam Lar who disclosed this to newsmen in Jos said two persons with a… Read Full Story COVID-19: Concerns Over Early Discharge Of Patients
When Mr Henry Adelakin (not real name) was discharged from the isolation centre after a second test revealed he was negative of the COVID-19 infection, his relatives were thankful that the worse was over. They had kept his infection a secret to avoid stigmatisation… Read Full Story Another Harvest Of Arrests As EFCC Picks 16 Suspected Internet Fraudsters In Lagos, Ogun
It was another harvest of arrests on Wednesday as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested 16 young men suspected to be internet fraudster both in Lagos and Ogun State… Read Full Story FUOYE Student Found Dead In Boyfriend’s Hostel In OSPOLY, Iree
There was apprehension in Iree community of Boripe local government area of Osun State, as 21year-old female student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Miss Faderera Oloyede was found dead in her boyfriend hostel room. Though circumstances surrounding her death was still sketchy as of the time of… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Wadume’s Trial: Matters Arising
ON March 16, Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued an order compelling the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Burutai, to produce in court, the 10 soldiers who allegedly killed three policemen in their bid to effect the escape of millionaire kidnapping kingpin, Bala Hamisu, alias Wadume… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.