THE long wait for Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki to formally show up at the Edo State secretariat of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ended in a no show on Thursday. Top members of the party which included the South-South zonal vice-chairman, Chief Emmanuel Ogidi; the state chairman, Dr Tony Aziegbemi and a host of others waited in vain for the governor. Rumours of Governor Obaseki’s defection had been on in the Edo State capital of Benin City for a long time but things took a dramatic turn when news filtered in that the governor was bound for the secretariat of the main opposition party. Angered over the circumstances surrounding his disqualification from the primary of the party which is scheduled for June 22, the governor had resigned from the APC on Tuesday. In solidarity with the governor, deputy governor, Phillip Shaibu, had also quit the ruling party but the two men are yet to publicly defect to another party. At the headquarters located on First East Circular Road, it was a beehive of activities as gaily dressed party supporters who openly discussed the impending visit, thronged to the venue at about 4 pm, waiting for the arrival of the August visitor. While Obaseki is yet to defect to another party, speculations of his impending defection have been rife even before his resignation as he has been reportedly holding series of clandestine meetings with the top leadership of the PDP in preparation for his move. Determined efforts to speak with either Ogidi or Aziegbemi proved futile, but a close source who would not want his name in print admitted: “We are waiting for Governor Obaseki to formally show up at our secretariat to join us. Yes, we have been in touch with him. He will join us for sure.” The long wait eventually ended and the crowd started to disperse at about 6pm when it was announced that the ceremony has been postponed to Friday.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria Records 587 New Cases, Total Now 17,735
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Wednesday, announced that the country has recorded 587 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 17,735… Read Full Story FG To Concession Benin – Asaba, Abuja – Lokoja, Kaduna – Kano Highways, Others
The federal government is determined to outsource repair and maintenance of certain Federal highways, Minister of Works, Babatunde Fashola, dropped the hint on Wednesday at the National Assembly Joint Committee on Works. The concession arrangement which he called, “Highway Development and Management… Read Full Story FG, States, LGs Share N547.309bn For May 2020
The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC), on Wednesday, at its meeting via Virtual Conferencing, chaired by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Dr Mahmoud Isa-Dutse, shared to the three tiers of government, a total sum of N547.309 billion as federation… Read Full Story NEWS ANALYSIS: APC In The Last 24 Hours
The trajectory of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the country in the last 24 hours typifies the story in the timeless literary work of a dermatologist, Professor Okoro Anezionwu, One week one trouble. Almost every passing second, the party has continued to entertain Nigerians and indeed the world with a full… Read Full Story Africa’s COVID-19 Cases Surpass 250,000 ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO), Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, says the number of coronavirus cases in Africa is now over 256,000. The UN health agency gave the update on its official twitter account @WHOAFRO on Wednesday… Read Full Story No Report Of COVID-19 Transmission In Blood Recipients — Experts
CONSENSUS by experts at the Lagos State 2020 World Blood Donor Day was that COVID-19 is not likely to be transmitted through blood transfusion. Professor Sulaimon Akanmu, speaking at a webinar conference hosted by the Lagos State Blood Transfusion Service, stated that COVID -19 antibodies have been… Read Full Story ASUU Cautions Against Rushing To Reopen Schools
ACADEMIC Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has advised federal and state governments not to hasten to reopen schools until all necessary measures have been put in place to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in schools. The president of the union, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, gave the advice in an exclusive… Read Full Story COVID-19: Private Hospital Closed Down As 17 Staff Test Positive In Plateau
A private hospital in Jos, Plateau State, Rayfield Medical Services LTD, has been closed down as 17 staff of the hospital tested positive for COVID-19 after coming in contact with a coronavirus patient. The State Commissioner of Health Dr Nimkong Nadam Lar who disclosed this to newsmen in Jos said two persons with a… Read Full Story COVID-19: Concerns Over Early Discharge Of Patients
When Mr Henry Adelakin (not real name) was discharged from the isolation centre after a second test revealed he was negative of the COVID-19 infection, his relatives were thankful that the worse was over. They had kept his infection a secret to avoid stigmatisation… Read Full Story Another Harvest Of Arrests As EFCC Picks 16 Suspected Internet Fraudsters In Lagos, Ogun
It was another harvest of arrests on Wednesday as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested 16 young men suspected to be internet fraudster both in Lagos and Ogun State… Read Full Story FUOYE Student Found Dead In Boyfriend’s Hostel In OSPOLY, Iree
There was apprehension in Iree community of Boripe local government area of Osun State, as 21year-old female student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Miss Faderera Oloyede was found dead in her boyfriend hostel room. Though circumstances surrounding her death was still sketchy as of the time of… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Wadume’s Trial: Matters Arising
ON March 16, Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued an order compelling the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Burutai, to produce in court, the 10 soldiers who allegedly killed three policemen in their bid to effect the escape of millionaire kidnapping kingpin, Bala Hamisu, alias Wadume… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.