The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti state has demanded an immediate refund of over N100 million the State government collected from job seekers last year August during a recruitment exercise. The PDP said despite the fact that the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi allegedly ordered the sacked of over 3,500 workers in the State public service as well as the Ekiti State University and Teaching Hospital, he has refused to employ anyone since last year August that employment forms were sold to over 100,000 job seekers. In a statement on Monday in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital by Secretary of the Ekiti State Caretaker Committee of the PDP, Diran Odeyemi, the party said “It appears the recruitment exercise done by the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM) and Civil Service Commission has turned out to be a scam, the over N100 million fraudulently collected from job seekers by the State government must be refunded. ” It was painful that a governor who prides himself as a democrat could throw over 3,500 families in the State into anguish by sacking people duly employed. With his anti-people policies, Governor Fayemi has no doubt remained the greatest pain in the neck of Ekiti and its people. “Since 1999, the only time recruitments were made into Ekiti State public service was during PDP governments. “Painfully, during Fayemi’s first tenure as governor, workers were sacked while no single recruitment was made. Those who were not sacked were demoted, using various untenable excuses and tactics, including a competency test which was rejected by teachers. ALSO READ: Why ‘Violated’ movie will give voice to millions of sexually abused persons ― Director “In this his second tenure, Fayemi has not only lived up to his incompetence by first sacking over 2,000 workers employed in 2018 by the PDP government of Gov Ayodele Fayose, and later over 1,500 workers of the State University that were employed in 2016 and 2017, and defrauded over 100,000 unemployed Ekiti youths with fake recruitment exercise. “It is now 10 months that these unemployed youths were made to pay N1,080 each for employment form, with other undisclosed payments, yet, no single person has been employed and nothing has been said by the government”. “Our demand as a responsible opposition party and on behalf of the unemployed is that, since it has become obvious that no employment will be made by the All Progressives Congress (APC) government of Governor Fayemi, money collected from the poor job seekers must be refunded,” he said. In a swift response, the Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti, Mr Ade Ajayi said the ruling party was not ready to dignify the PDP with a response. He said: ” We are not ready to dignify PDP with the response, because we are currently busy joining Governor Kayode Fayemi to find solutions to COVID-19 pandemic that had affected some people in the state. “PDP might be insensitive, but APC is not. Our main preoccupation now is how to defeat this pandemic and not playing politics with the lives of the people. “But let me assure the people that we shall reply to them this shameless party at the appropriate time. “We will let them know that the APC was more beneficial and kind to Ekiti people than PDP and that accounted for why Governor Fayemi was reelected in 2018, ” Ajayi said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.