Twitter Inc has disabled US President Donald Trump’s campaign tribute video to George Floyd on its platform, citing a copyright complaint. The clip, which is a collation of photos and videos of protest marches and instances of violence in the aftermath of Floyd’s death, has Trump speaking in the background. Floyd’s death last week after a fatal encounter with a police officer has led to nationwide protests. In the widely circulated video footage, a white officer was seen kneeling on Floyd’s neck as Floyd gasped for air and repeatedly groaned, “I can’t breathe,” before passing out. Twitter said the video on the president’s campaign account was affected by its copyright policy. “We respond to valid copyright complaints sent to us by a copyright owner or their authorized representatives,” a Twitter representative said. The three-minute 45-second video uploaded on Trump’s YouTube channel was tweeted by his campaign on June 3. The clip, which is still on YouTube, had garnered more than 60,000 views and 13,000 likes. The video-streaming platform’s parent Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The social media platform has been under fierce scrutiny from the Trump administration since it fact-checked Trump’s tweets about unsubstantiated claims of mail-in voting fraud. It also labelled a Trump tweet about protests in Minneapolis as “glorifying violence.” Trump has pledged to introduce legislation that may scrap or weaken a law that shields social media companies from liability for content posted by their users. (Reuters) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session
THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story Cleanup Starts At 57 Sites In Ogoni Land ― Minister
The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Abubakar, says no fewer than 57 sites at Ogoni land in Rivers are being cleaned up currently. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on Wednesday in Abuja, saying that he had presented a report on the ministry’s mandate to a meeting of the… Read full story