Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, gave the admonition during a briefing in Abuja on Monday, saying that the situation demands utmost caution. He said: “We have received reports that some states are contemplating the reopening of schools, television viewing centres, sports stadium and other places where large gatherings could take place. “The PTF re-emphasises that it is not yet safe to do so and that utmost caution should be exercised. The PTF guideline should still be complied with while considering the decision of this nature.​” Mustapha appealed to state governments to embark on wider community testing, enforcement of rules on social distancing, stepping up community engagement and risk communication and paying attention to places of large gatherings. He also appealed to the security agencies to strictly enforce the ban on inter-state travels. ALSO READ: BREAKING: US stops use of hydroxychloroquine to treat COVID-19 patients The PTF boss pointed out that in line with the revised protocols, the evacuation of Nigerians stranded abroad has resumed, saying that 269 Nigerians from India and 103 from Egypt arrived over the weekend. According to him, all the evacuees tested negative before boarding the plane but would be re-tested within 72-hours of arrival in Nigeria. Mustapha noted that in the course of the task force’s monitoring and surveillance of compliance across the nation, it found out that there is now an escalation of the level of non-compliance with a simple measure to keep social distancing, wearing of masks in public places, sanitation and hygiene. The task force chairman also advised Nigerians not to panic over the rising number of COVID-19 infections, attributing it to more testing being carried out in the country. He added: “This is more prevalent in markets, motor parks and some places of worship. I wish to remind you that the PTF has already issued guidelines for a mode of operations at places of worship and urge state Governments to ensure strict compliance with PTF guidelines. “We wish to re-emphasise that all relaxed measures are still subject to review and advisories issued are for personal and public safety purposes. The breach of the ban on inter-state travels is also a point of concern. “Over the last couple of days, you must have observed that the daily figures of confirmed cases have been on the rise. This is an indication that we are conducting more tests across the country and that we are fully in the community spread phase. “We, however, urge Nigerians not to panic but to cooperate with public health officials especially where community testing is on-going.” He said whereas, since the beginning of the multi-sectoral national response, medical personnel had been described as frontline workers, “the reality today is that the table has turned and the community spread phase has suddenly made the health workers our last line of defence.” While pleading with Nigerians to take responsibility, the SGF noted that last week’s meeting of the Economic Sustainability Committee “underscores the plan that the Federal Government will continue to implement measures meant to safeguard the economy.” He said the PTF will continue to be guided by the recommendations of the Committee in taking some of its far-reaching decisions, as was done on previous occasions. On the reported rare transmission of COVID-19 by asymptomatic individuals, he noted the clarification of the World Health Organisation (W.H.O.) that the interpretation raised a number of questions on the implications of current preventive recommendations, saying that the PTF shares the WHO’s position that Comprehensive studies on transmission from asymptomatic people are difficult to conduct but are needed to draw wider conclusions. Mustapha further said: “Some modelling has tried to estimate the proportion of asymptomatic patients that may transmit and there is a big range depending on the models used, but some estimates are that 40% of transmission may be due to asymptomatic cases. “The PTF shall remain cautious and shall adhere to already recommended measures (particularly, physical distancing, wearing of masks/coverings in public places, hand hygiene and cough etiquette) until we have more evidence to propose otherwise.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!