The Commissioner that resigned from the government of the Edo State governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, on Thursday, in his letter of resignation told the governor that he knew not whether they would ever meet again and so he was bidding him everlasting farewell. Mr Paul Onhombamu, the state Commissioner for Information and Orientation, resigned his appointment on Thursday, saying he did so for the general good of the state and the happiness of the people. But in the letter he wrote to the governor announcing his resignation, he wrote that he was not sure he would ever meet the governor again, an indication that the relationship between them was not good. According to him, “Whether we shall meet again, I know not, therefore, our everlasting farewell take. If we do meet, why we shall smile, if not, it is true this parting was well made.” The letter, entitled: “Resignation of my appointment,” the erstwhile commissioner said: “I hereby tender my letter of resignation as a commissioner in Edo State to His Excellency, Mr Godwin Obaseki, this 4th day of June 2020. Without setting a precedent, I have decided to step aside as a cabinet member and operate outside it for the general good of Edo State and pursuit of happiness for the citizens. “I remain eternally grateful to His Excellency the Governor for indulging me in his purposeful and sophisticated administration. I greet you sir and the entire loyal members of the state executive council. I am particularly delighted that his excellency’s second term bid is firm and surefooted.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session
THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story