The Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection. The state Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, made this revelation on his verified Twitter handle, even as he expressed regret over the passing of the former governor. According to the commissioner, former Governor Ajimobi died on Thursday at First Cardiology Consultants, a private  COVID-19-approved care facility in Lagos, following multiple organ failure resulting from COVID-19 infection. He, on behalf of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and the entire COVID-19 response team in Lagos State, condoled with the Ajimobi family and the people of Oyo State on the death of the former governor, praying God to grant his soul peaceful rest. “We regret the death of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who passed, at First Cardiology Consultants, a private COVID-19-approved care facility in Lagos State. “The former governor died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection. “On behalf of  COVID19 Lagos Incident Commander @ jidesanwoolu and the entire #COVID19Lagos response team, we convey our heartfelt condolences to the family of the former governor and the people of Oyo State. “May his soul rest in peace,” the commissioner said. Meanwhile, supporters, political associates, friends and well-wishers  thronged the Ibadan residence of late Senator Ajimobi, on Friday, in the hope of paying their last respects to the former  governor only to be told that the burial had been rescheduled. Following Ajimobi’s death, on Thursday, the information had circulated that the former governor would be buried on Friday at his Oluyole residence in accordance with Islamic rites. However, the information was invalidated on Friday morning,  with Ajimobi’s media aide, Mr Bolaji Tunji, stating that funeral details would be announced later. Speaking with journalists in Ibadan, Tunji pointed out that Ajimobi would be given a private burial with only family members in attendance. According to him, this is to ensure that the burial is done in compliance with COVID-19 protocols. “With deep sadness and deep regret but in total submission to the will of Almighty Allah, we announce the transition of  His Excellency, Senator Ishaq Abiola Adeyemi Ajimobi, which sad event occurred during a brief illness on Thursday, June  25, 2020. He was aged 70. “Burial will be strictly a family affair, in line with existing safety protocols and will not hold today, Friday,” Tunji wrote in a statement. Among callers at late governor’s residence was his former deputy, Mr Moses Adeyemo, who described the loss of his boss as a tragedy to the All Progressives Congress (APC), Oyo State and Nigeria as a whole. He described as noteworthy  Ajimobi’s intelligence and resoluteness in doing whatever he set his mind to. Also, the former caretaker chairman of Oluyole Local Government, Mr Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye, described Ajimobi as a  brilliant leader, a charismatic and intelligent individual and the pillar of the Oyo APC. A former Head of Service, Mr Soji Eniade, praised the former governor for being passionate about the socioeconomic development of Oyo State. Secretary of the state chapter of the APC, Mr Mojeed Olaoya, said Ajimobi’s death had created a big vacuum in the party. Alhaji Umar Farouk Arisekola- Alao, one of Ajimobi’s former commissioners and a son of the late Aare Musulumi of Yorubaland, Alhaji Abdul-Azeez Arisekola-Alao, described Ajimobi as leader and father of modern of Oyo State, saying he is irreplaceable in the politics of the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.