THE events that trailed the global outbreak of COVID-19 should teach Nigeria and the rest of Africa that every country should be largely self-reliant as no nation would prioritise the welfare of citizens of other countries above its people. Making this submission in Ibadan, on Tuesday, was Dr Olusola Akinniyi, Managing Director, Union Diagnostic and Clinical Services Plc. Akinniyi, while speaking on the sidelines of the opening ceremony of the Ibadan Mega Diagnostic Centre of the company, noted that the global epidemic has left Nigeria and other developing nations of the world disillusioned as a result of infrastructural deficit. According to him, “The COVID-19 outbreak has taught us as a nation that we need to expand our health infrastructure. Looking at it critically, you will note that the COVID-19 pandemic reinforces the fact that the world in which we live in is a place of struggle for survival; you put your interest first. At the peak of the pandemic, nations of the world were drifted to the threshold of survival of the fittest. If there is another outbreak in the future, we have learnt that China will first of all look at the welfare of its citizens before considering the interest of other nations. Before exporting drugs or reagents to other countries, it would consider its own interest first. “It then means that we should take a cue from the present situation across the globe and start to do our own thing and make our institutions strong and running. Pharmaceutical companies that are into buying drugs before should look at the possibility of manufacturing. “Likewise, those that are buying reagents should consider the possibility of manufacturing locally. When the chips are down, you first take care of yourself before others.” Dr Bashir Bello, Oyo State Commissioner for Health, who was represented on the occasion by the state Director, Secondary Healthcare and Training, Dr. Wale Falana, applauded the initiative of the medical outfit. According to him, the entry of the medical facility would complement efforts of the state government in its drive towards boosting healthcare delivery in the state. The management of the medical laboratory said the facility was positioned to serve as a one-shop diagnostic centre for all diagnostic tests. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.