LAST week, Boko Haram reportedly attacked Faduma Kolomaiya community in Gubio Local Government Area of Borno State, killing 81 persons. Residents told Governor Babagana Zulum during a condolence visit to the area that the village head and six other persons were abducted by the marauding terrorists. The attack also left 13 people injured, with 400 cattle rustled. According to a survivor of the attack, the terrorists, riding gun trucks and armored tanks, stormed the village at about 10a.m on Tuesday, June 9, and operated for about six hours.  He said: “They gathered us and said they wanted to deliver a sermon to us. Thereafter, they asked us to submit whatever arms we had. Some villagers gave up their dane guns, bows and arrows. The terrorists pretended that they were on a religious mission but suddenly started shooting at will. Even children and women were not spared; many were shot at close range. We have buried 49 bodies here while another 32 were taken away by families from the villages around us. Governor Zulum, while evacuating five injured persons for treatment, urged the military to launch a massive onslaught on the terrorists. He said: “Last year, about the same number of people were killed in Gajiram, like it happened again here. This is barbaric. It is very unfortunate. The only solution to these killings is  dislodging the insurgents in the shores of Lake Chad. Doing so will require collaborative regional efforts.” A member of the House of Representatives, Usman Zannah, however said the terrorists also attached Ban Ngudorum community. According to him, they had faced resistance from the villagers, a development that “made  them to  regroup and invade the villages in a reprisal that  resulted  in mass killings.” Reacting to the incident, the military vowed to flush out the remnants of Boko Haram terrorists (BHTs) and Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) in the North-East. The Army spokesman, Colonel Sagir Musa, indicated that a contingent of military personnel had been drafted to the  area to track, arrest or kill the culprits. He added: “We have also mandated the Theatre Command, Operation Lafiya Dole, to enhance security, dominate the area and reassure the affected communities of the  Nigerian Army’s commitment to protecting the population. The Nigerian Army equally notes with great concern, banditry incidents in some parts of the northwestern region of the county across Katsina, Sokoto and Zamfara states. It has come to our knowledge that some  bandits are shifting base and venting their anger on hapless citizens because of the ongoing operations in Katsina State.” Sadly, the Presidency’s reaction to the incident left much to be desired. President Muhammadu Buhari’s spokesman, Garba Shehu, quoted the president as saying that “the primordial nature of the killings is particularly shocking because they happened not long after the Ramadhan and Eid, and the country is preparing to celebrate Democracy Day.” This statement is, to say the very least, unfortunate. It gave the disturbing impression that the Federal Government was more concerned about the timing of the killings than it was about the killings. The statement suggested that there was a right time for Boko Haram to kill, and nothing could have been more preposterous. Contrary to the president’s statement, the killings were not shocking because they took place shortly after Ramadan; they were shocking because they took place in spite of the government’s hollow promises to Nigerians regarding the routing of Boko Haram. Pray, why is a “technically defeated” terror group able to inflict such maximum damage? Given the frequency of Boko Haram’s attacks, particularly in the North-East, it is shocking that the government has been keeping up appearances, pretending to be winning the war against Boko Haram. Time and again, particularly whenever the military high command makes statements declaring victory in the ongoing war, the terror group has struck with deadly force, shedding blood at will. Thus, the military persuaded no one last week when, while sympathising “with fellow Nigerians and the good people of Borno, Katsina, Sokoto and Zamfara states in particular, on these unfortunate incidents;” it assured all Nigerians of its “unrelenting effort in engaging with communities to rid our society of any and all remnants of these criminal elements.” To be sure, we are not in any way suggesting that no progress has been made in the effort to contain the Boko Haram terrorism. Rather, we are appalled by the government’s refusal to admit the limitations of its counter-terrorism efforts. In our view, the war against terror cannot proceed in a climate of false assumptions and empty chest-thumping. It is a fact that the counter-terrorism war has been dogged by corruption and sabotage, but these issues are yet to be addressed. Again, the country requires a re-jigging of its security architecture along the lines of decentralisation. It needs federal, regional and state police. It also needs renewed dedication to duties on the part of government officials. The endless attacks by Boko Haram must stop.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 573 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 16,658
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has announced 573 confirmed new coronavirus cases in the country on Sunday. This brings the total number of confirmed cases to 16,658…Read Full Story Naira Marley Saga: FG Suspends ExecuJet Indefinitely
The Federal Government has suspended flight operations of ExecuJet for flying a hip-hop artiste, Azeez Fashola, aka Naira Marley, from Lagos to Abuja for a musical concert. The Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced the suspension at the daily briefing by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19…Read Full Story UPDATE: APC Governors, NWC Meet With Gambari In Aso Rock •Obaseki not guaranteed victory as incumbent ― Oshiomhole
In an apparent bid to resolve the crisis arising in the run-up to the primaries in Edo and Ondo states, the chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Governors Forum and Governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu and the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) led by Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, met with the Chief of Staff…Read Full Story Lagos Govt Condemns Opening Of Private Schools, Threatens Sanctions On Recalcitrant Schools
The Lagos Government, on Monday, condemned the intentional flouting of rules by some private school owners in the state that have opened their schools to students despite the government’s directives to close schools in a bid to curb the spread of coronavirus…Read Full Story Show Empathy, Lost Lives Not Replaceable, Health Minister Tells Striking Doctors
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, told the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Monday that they cannot go on strike during a very difficult situation like this, when the country, like other nations of the world, are battling the COVID-19 pandemic…Read Full Story Ibadan/Oke-Ogun Road: Sure Route For Smugglers, Illegal Immigrants
THE Oke-Ogun region of Oyo state is one of the richest in Nigeria in terms of natural deposits and agricultural production and is acclaimed to have contributed a lot to the development of the state and Nigeria; but for many reasons, it has remained the most undeveloped and marginalised…Read Full Story NBET Gets New MD As Buhari Approves Amobi’s Removal
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the removal of Dr Marilyn Amobi as Managing Director (MD), Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading Plc (NBET), to be replaced by Dr Nnaemeka Eweluka. The Minister of Power, Saleh Mamman, made the announcement in a statement issued by his media aide, Aaron Artimas on Monday…Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Tackling Rape Epidemic
This is a season of anomie judging by the spate and frequency of cases of sexual assault, defilement and paedophilic actions in the country lately. These criminal vices are pervasive and have become a daily occurrence. The cases are legion: a 100-level university student was allegedly raped and killed at a religious centre in Benin City, Edo State; a man reportedly raped 40 women in…Read Full Story NITDA Alerts Nigerians On Fake Websites Pledging FG’s Lockdown Funds
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), has drawn the attention of the general public, especially those in the cyberspace, to the existence of fake websites in circulation, trying to capitalise on the COVID-19 pandemic to defraud unsuspecting Nigerians…Read Full Story Important WASH Practices To Stay Free Of COVID-19
WASH in the field of environment stands for Water, Sanitation and Hygiene. It goes without saying that appropriate WASH practices are key to halt the continued spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). In a presentation made by Professor Mynepalli Sridhar during the recent World Environment Day held at the…Read Full Story APC And The Price Of Impunity
The All Progressives Congress, APC, is fast becoming a house of commotions, where things seem to have fallen apart and the centre can no longer hold. Or how else do we describe the present situation in Edo and Ondo States, where the ruling party is at loggerheads with itself over its flag bearers for the coming gubernatorial…Read Full Story PHOTOS: At The Age Of 35, 30, They Are Parents Of 11 Children
A couple who never planned to have any children have revealed they now have a huge brood of eleven, the Daily Mail of UK reported. Joseph Sutton, 35, and wife Nicole, 30, live with their eight daughters and three sons in their three-bedroom home in Aspatria, Cumbria, England…Read Full Story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!