The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Sunday reported the largest single-day increase in coronavirus cases by its count, at more than 183,000 new cases in the latest 24 hours. According to TIME, the UN health agency said Brazil led the way with 54,771 cases tallied and the US next at 36,617. Over 15,400 came in India. Experts said rising case counts can reflect multiple factors including more widespread testing as well as broader infection. Overall in the pandemic, WHO reported 8,708,008 cases — 183,020 in the last 24 hours — with 461,715 deaths worldwide, with a daily increase of 4,743. More than two-thirds of those new deaths were reported in the Americas. In Spain, officials ended a national state of emergency after three months of lockdown, allowing its 47 million residents to freely travel around the country for the first time since March 14. The country also dropped a 14-day quarantine for visitors from Britain and the 26 European countries that allow visa-free travel. But there was only a trickle of travellers at Madrid-Barajas Airport, which on a normal June day would be bustling. “This freedom that we now have, not having to justify our journey to see our family and friends, this was something that we were really looking forward to,” Pedro Delgado, 23, said after arriving from Spain’s Canary Islands. Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez urged people to take maximum precautions: “The virus can return and it can hit us again in a second wave, and we have to do whatever we can to avoid that at all cost.” At a campaign rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Trump said Saturday the U.S. has tested 25 million people, but the “bad part” is that it found more cases. “When you do testing to that extent, you’re going to find more people, you’re going to find more cases,” Trump said. “So I said to my people, ‘Slow the testing down, please.’” White House trade adviser Peter Navarro said on CNN that Trump was being “tongue-in-cheek” and made the comment in a “light mood.” Democratic rival Joe Biden’s campaign accused Trump of “putting politics ahead of the safety and economic well-being of the American people.” The U.S. has the world’s highest number of reported infections, over 2.2 million, and the highest death toll, at about 120,000, according to Johns Hopkins. Health officials say robust testing is vital for tracking outbreaks and keeping the virus in check. In England, lockdown restrictions prevented druids, pagans and party-goers on Sunday from watching the sunrise at the ancient circle of Stonehenge to mark the summer solstice, the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere. English Heritage, which runs the site, live-streamed it instead. A few people gathered outside the fence. “You can’t cancel the sunrise,” druid Arthur Pendragon told the BBC. The number of confirmed virus cases is still growing rapidly not only in the U.S. but in Brazil, South Africa and other countries, especially in Latin America.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story APC Crisis: Oshiomhole’s Exit Heralds 2023 Battle
As the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains and ordinary faithful watch with bated breath the unfolding power game in the ruling party, there are indications that what is playing out in the battle for the party structures ahead 2023 Presidency… Read Full Story IPPIS Crisis: Varsity Workers Give FG 14-Day Ultimatum
Varsity workers, under the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), have issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel… Read Full Story I Didn’t Order Police CP To Prevent My Deputy From Leaving Govt House ― Akeredolu
Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has dismissed reports claiming that the Commissioner of Police in the state restrained his deputy, Agboola Ajayi, from leaving the Government House based on his directive… Read Full Story Nigerians Will Pay For Electricity If Services Become Satisfactory ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said Nigerians are willing to pay for electricity if the services they receive from the distribution companies are constant and better… Read Full Story Lawyers Task FG To Ratify ILO Convention No. 190 On Violence And Harassment
The International Lawyers Assisting Workers network (ILAW), Nigeria Chapter has called on the Federal Government to speedily ratify the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention No. 190 on Violence and Harassment in the world of work… Read Full Story The Revenue Crisis And The Challenge Of Government
It has become a truth, universally acknowledged, that Nigeria currently faces an unprecedented revenue crisis. A report on the Medium-Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy (MTEF/FSP) recently released by the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget, and National Planning, revealed that during Q1 2020… Read Full Story Now That You Are Young
I am a prince in Oyo State and I grew up in the city of Ibadan before leaving for Lagos State. In the early 80s and 90s, the third-largest city in Africa, Ibadan, had so many young rich men and women, who did not understand what I want to share with you right now. It will help you a great deal, if you will put it into practice. Remember… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!