Niger State government has said it has discovered over N672 million monthly payment to ghost workers and several millions of naira to fictitious salary earners in the state civil service, thereby responsible for the delay in the payment of June salary in the state. The Chairman Salary Management Committee and Commissioner for Works and Infrastructural development, Engr. Ibrahim Panti made the disclosure while speaking on the reasons behind the delay of salary payment for this month (June) in Minna, the state capital. He lamented the high level of corruption and it’s tendencies in the civil service in the state as almost 98percent of monthly allocation from Federation Account Committee ( FAAC ) goes into salary payment leaving with the state government almost with nothing for the development of the state hence the ongoing workers screening. Engr. Panti who was optimistic of getting results from the screening exercise revealed that 30prrvent of each number of the group invited for screening was never seen during the exercise, adding that several others used fake certificates and were discovered during the exercise. He said, “for example out of 1,000 persons invited between 600 to 700 came for the actual screening, while out of 100 we saw 70persons or less, out of 1,451 persons screened 461 is on hold, 21 of them were retirees and rejected while 259 did not appear for the exercise at all.” “About 36,000 lists of civil servants were presented to the committee when we started the screening exercise. we brought it down to 27,000 and again to 25,000, we later discovered different serial numbers with the same BVN, repeated names with different bank accounts and fictitious allowances and salaries” he stated. He assured that those found wanting will surely face the full wrath of the law in accordance to the Civil Service rules and regulations while appropriate recommendations would be made to the government in its report on financial misappropriation of public funds. Engr. Panti further revealed that the exercise was going smoothly despite threats from some quarters, saying, “the Committee cannot be deterred from doing the right thing and that some of those involved have started putting up their resignation but they will be hunted and brought to book no matter their position. He said some of them had run to some traditional rulers for intervention, as others have resorted to cheap blackmail, describing the latter’s actions as dark and hypocritical, but reassured that the Committee members will maintain their stand of ensuring that the perpetrators, as well as their collaborators, were fished out very soon, after which they would be arraigned in the Law Court for prosecution accordingly. Responding to why huge chunks of the money go to the politicians shortly after four years or fewer years in the office such politicians might have acquired much money, wealth and property, he debunked the assertion by citing a personal example of himself and noted that sometimes in May 2019, he had an opportunity to see that Niger state government received a federal allocation of little above N3 billion. He stated categorically that the state civil servants collected N2.7 billion, while about N50 million goes to the appointees and politicians on a monthly basis.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.