The Association of Nigeria Licensed Customs Agents (ANLCA) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to sack the Comptroller General of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Col. Hameed Ali (rtd) and its management team for lack of professionalism and unnecessary demand notices issued on import cargoes at the nation’s ports. Speaking to maritime journalists on Thursday in Apapa, the Vice President of ANLCA, Mr Kayode Farinto alleged that since the present Customs management came on board, there has been arbitrary demand notices that have been slammed on imports, adding that Customs Agents now face several bottlenecks in the clearance of goods which is against the ease of doing business policy of the Federal Government. He further alleged that there are so many intervention squads, including the Customs CG taskforce that intercepts consignment that has already been cleared in a commando form. According to him “Government need to change the Customs management team now because we now lack professionalism at the ports except arbitrary demand notices that are slammed on importers. We now have a situation where consignment that has been released by the same Customs is been intercepted in a commando form. “We now have too many interventions from Customs, even on consignment that has gone through examination. We all know the horrendous task we go through to examine a cargo. We do not have scanners at the ports, what Nigerian does is 100 per cent physical examination. ALSO READ: NGF, NCDC sign MoU on World Bank N3.7bn COVID-19 assisted fund “After a set of containers have been examined inside the ports by Customs officers, we always have a situation where the CG taskforce will stop the same consignment outside the ports. They are always at Area B and mile 2. We have a compliance team of the same task force, “Aside from CG Taskforce, we also have the Federal operation units team on the road. Recently, the Federal operation units smartly in the last one week now increase their unit and called another one SWAT as if we are in America. The full meaning of SWATT we do not know but you need to see the kind of hassles our members go through at night. “The commando-style with which these units intercept containers that leaves the ports on Lagos roads leaves one wondering if we are in a military system of government. Farinto who also doubles as a member of the board of Council of Registered Freight Forwarders of Nigeria (CRFFN) lamented that in the last 48 hours, agents could not make declarations, stating that the Customs command is always given excuses of upgrading its system ” This team does what they like. In the last 24 hours, agents cannot make a declaration. They tell us that they are upgrading their system. which they have failed to upgrade over the weekend leading to Demurrage charges “The big question is who pay the demurrage? The question is theoretical because it is the importers that pay and they transfer it to final consumers. It is unprofessional and uncalled for. Annoyingly, nobody detects them. I was the only one who detects them. I put a call to Abuja, there was no circular to the trading community, there was no circular to that effect, yet you are issuing out the arrival assessment report on the same HS code you have suspended. “Agents believe that their leaders have been compromised. There is a need to rejuvenate the current Customs management team,” the CRFFN Board member lamented. He urged the President to voluntary retire the CG and it’s the present management team  and looks for a vibrant Assistant controller who will take over as the new Customs CG “I want to suggest that from the rank of CG and DCGs, they should retire because they are tired. Let’s look for young vibrant assistance controller general or controller of Customs to become the CG of Customs. By the time you inject new blood, professionalism comes in, you have efficiency,” Farinto added Farinto further informed that in the last four years the present CG and his  managerial team has failed to call for a stakeholders meeting which had led to the way the customs officers behave  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say were locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.