The Federal Government has expressed serious concerns over the wrong disposal of Personal Protective Equipment (PPEs) used by health workers, which its says can complicate the effort to contain COVID-19 in the country. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and Chairman, Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, raised the alarm, on Tuesday in Abuja, during the briefing of the task force, saying that children are having access to discarded PPEs. He pointed out that the social media was abuzz on Monday trending with the photograph of two children wearing discarded PPEs, even though it was not certain whether the picture was taken in Nigeria. However, he noted that the picture represents a dangerous development, as it underscores the need for more risk communication, community engagement and diligence in the disposal of used PPEs on the part of our frontline workers and the administrators. ALSO READ: Again, PDP calls for N70 pump price rate He added: “It also underscores the need to broaden the theme and messages in our communication strategy. Above all, the photograph has left us to imagine what the impact would be, if schools were to be open and they attended school after being exposed so dangerously. Those three children represent a clear danger to themselves, family and the immediate community. “While we take remedial measures to reach out to medical institutions on this, I use this opportunity to call on all our health authorities to make sure that waste disposal is done in such a way that would not create opportunities for increasing the chances of spreading the virus.” Mustapha alerted that there is a lot of work to be done and enough for everybody, noting therefore that everyone must all overcome the virus challenge together by taking collective responsibility. He added: “Tuesday, 2nd June 2020 marks the commencement of phase two of eased lockdown as approved by the President and announced by the PTF. It must be underscored that the decisions of the President and the guidelines providing the details are both products of a coordinated effort, designed to enable us to achieve a sustainable balance between lives and livelihoods.” Mustapha said that the PTF is conscious of the fact there is a high possibility of members of the public seeing the easing as a signal that COVID is gone. The task force chairman said that on the contrary, COVID-19 is still virulent, dangerous and infectious; and that the citizens’ lives have changed for good and will never revert to what everyone used to know. He further said: “That is why we have urged all the employers, employees and leaders of sectors allowed to re-open to diligently comply with non-pharmaceutical measures prescribed in the guidelines and the protocols agreed by state governments. “As we have always maintained, the fight against this pandemic is not a joke and because the science, data and experiences that drive our National Response are constantly evolving, we urge all citizens to religiously implement applicable guidelines at specific phases of the battle, “It is also important to stress that the PTF shall continue to monitor the progress and keep the option of a review open should the need arise. I, therefore, urge all sub-national entities with which we have been collaborating to expeditiously factor the guidelines into their decisions and resultant protocols that would be agreed to.” He urged them to strengthen their enforcement and monitoring mechanisms so as to ensure that the desired results are achieved. “As the PTF focuses on community engagement and risk communication, I wish to re-emphasize that state governments now have the responsibility to shape and drive the process. It must also be understood that every individual has a stake and a role to play. We must take responsibility. We must be accountable to self and community on our actions. We must adhere to the guidelines issued,” Mustapha added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING