Zoom conference became more pronounced following the global lockdown to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic an many have used and are still using the audiovisual tool to connect and discuss way forward to better tackle the fears and changes of post COVID-19. In Nigeria series of zoom meetings are ongoing depending on the sectors, challenges anticipated and how to re-integrate back to the society after the pandemic. However, taking the bull by the horn is one of the most vibrant agencies under the Federal Ministry of Information, Culture and Tourism, the National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC) with Chief Segun Runsewe as the Director-General. Recording a significant feat in the series of zoom conferences organised by the NCAC, the recent was a flagship of Chief Runsewe’s zero tolerance to idleness as he did not only rally stakeholders within and around the arts, culture and creative industry but also attracted over 14 countries for a zoom conference. Speaking with Travelpulse and MICE on the relevance of the audiovisual meeting, the NCAC boss said that COVID-19 is not only a problem looking for solutions, but also a springboard to resetting the way we think and do things. According to Runsewe, who spoke on the theme; COVID-19: cultural dynamism, which way forward, said the forum was to interact with stakeholders and industry players in the cultural industry, adding that forum is an agenda setting meeting to chart a way forward for the culture art and creative industry. “We are all aware that coronavirus has become a global reality, however, we must find a way out of it. “The purpose of the platform is to discuss and interact as industry players and also to share experience with other countries of the world in practically strategizing for the challenges ahead. Taking the lead at the zoom conference, the keynote speaker, Mr Dotun Osusanya commended the Director-General of NCAC for leading Nigeria adoption of a current and relevant technology tool (zoom) in looking at the way forward for the industry. “This is the kind of leadership that we are hoping that it will be brought to bear in this sector and indeed to the country,” he said. “Of course zoom is very current and it has achieved over 300% in usage in the last three months. That is not an accident but a reaction to a reality, COVID-19. It is COVID-19 pandemic that has inform and brought us to what we are doing in terms of the discussion; cultural dynamism. “Cultural dynamism has always been relevant but COVID-19 brought it to the centre table and the first thing I which to set straight is that COVID-19 is not the world first pandemic. That fact may steer us on the face but we may just comfortably forget it. “However, what I want everyone to accept is that whatever we think of or about it, it has come with a change and the post COVID-19 will be different and the first thing to do is to prepare for the change that will come with it. In this regards, what we are expected to do is to reset our change management mechanism and the most important tool in this respect is culture and that is why I am reminding us of some of the elements of culture; how it was formed and how it moves, putting in mind that culture touches every aspect of our lives. “We as culture people must help others through cultural value to deal with this pandemic, teach them to use culture as a change tool to cope with the change resulting from the effect of COVID-19. “To survive, we have to align with two factors; by seeking new or innovative knowledge and create an event. “Data and attention are two very important factors that we have to concentrate on so as to survive the POST COVID-19. There are now tools for capturing data and using them to actualise our plan for the future.” Attention, according to Osusanya, “determines the number of people you can reach at a point in time with the data you have, it also relates to how fast you can respond to the people and change expected. “We are also looking at funding of cultural institutions as a key factor in order for them to meet up responsibilities and also synergise with other relevant allied industry players for greater working ties,” he said. Contributing during the zoom conference, participants advocated for practical synergies among global cultural stakeholders in facing the post COVID-19 challenges. According to Cuban Ambassador to Nigeria, Clara Margarita Pulido Escandell, “ We need to have a global solution for the post COVID-19 because it is a global problem and to get back to business we have to up our game and I want to commend the NCAC boss for the zoom initiative and opportunity to engage everyone.” Also the Bangladesh High Commission to Nigeria, Shameen Ahsan thanked all for contributing to the COVID-19 issue on the zoom platform, adding that the amount of interest the initiative of the NCAC boss had generated was clear with the number of participants and contribution so far. “COVID-19 has put us in a place that has proved to us that we need ourselves in preparing for post COVID-19 challenges. We can see challenges from left and right, but I must tell you there are also some opportunities. I congratulate the Director-General, NCAC for the initiative and coming back to the important issue affecting us in Africa can be solved through collective responsibility. “I am assuring you of the cooperation of Bangladesh in partnering with you in preparing for the post COVID-19 challenges.” Other stakeholders also called for a post-COVID-19 cultural exhibition as well as calling for a national documentary to showcase the richness of Nigeria cultural heritage, adding that the post COVID-91 era will need new beginning with innovative project, education and promotion of cultural assets.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session
THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story Cleanup Starts At 57 Sites In Ogoni Land ― Minister
The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Abubakar, says no fewer than 57 sites at Ogoni land in Rivers are being cleaned up currently. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on Wednesday in Abuja, saying that he had presented a report on the ministry’s mandate to a meeting of the… Read full story COVID-19: NCoS Reopens Custodial Centres For Admission Of Inmates
The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) announced the reopening of Custodial Centres to admit all categories of inmates. Controller General of Corrections, Ja’afaru Ahmed, who ordered the reopening of the Custodial Centres, on Wednesday, in Abuja, said the action became imperative to enhance access to justice and… Read full story Community Policing Takes Off In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday inaugurated the State Community Policing Advisory Committee (SCPAC) and its operations arm, State Community Policing Committee (SCPC), aimed at improving security in all communities across the state… Read full story Auxiliary, Oyo Park Managers Sign Undertaking Against Drivers’ Harassment, Fake Ticketing
Aimed at curtailing their reported excesses, park managers in Oyo State, on Wednesday, were made to sign an undertaking binding them to adhere to stipulated rules of engagement or face disciplinary measures. As contained in the letter of undertaking, signed at the state secretariat, Ibadan, the park managers are not to engage… Read full story Ibuprofen Tested As Coronavirus Treatment
Scientists are running a trial to see if ibuprofen can help hospital patients who are sick with coronavirus. According to a BBC report, the team from London’s Guy’s and St Thomas’ hospital and King’s College believe the drug, which is an anti-inflammatory as well as a painkiller, could treat breathing difficulties… Read full story There Is Nothing As ‘State Of Osun’, Court Insists
Justice Mathias Agboola of the Osun State High Court on Wednesday insisted that legally and constitutionally there is nothing called “State of Osun”. He declared that under the Nigerian constitution, only Osun State exists. Delivering judgment in Osogbo in a suit filed by a human rights activist, Barrister Kanmi Ajibola against… Read full story Osun Governor Okays Reopening Of Churches, Mosques For Two Weeks
Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Wednesday held separate meetings with Christian and Muslim leaders in the state on guidelines for reopening of churches and mosques across the state for two weeks. He disclosed that the decision to reopen worship centres partially was in response to the request by religious… Read full story You Have No Right To Disconnect Customers Without Written Notice, Court Tells IBEDC
An Osun State High Court sitting in Osogbo on Wednesday declared that Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has no constitutional right to disconnect customers’ electricity without written notice. In a suit filed against IBEDC by two lawyers, Mr Kanmi Ajibola and Mr Olayinka Sokoya, who were the former chairman… Read full story PHOTOS: Moment Orji Uzor Kalu Left Kuje Correctional Centre
The Federal High Court in Lagos released a former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu, from prison on Tuesday. Former governor Kalu was jailed for 12 years on December 5, 2019, after he was convicted of N7.1bn fraud alongside a former Director of Finance at the Abia State Government House, Jones Udeogu… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For Vera Omozuwa
Even going by the dastardly details of rape cases, the story of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa is unusually brutal. According to reports, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin, Edo State, was raped and killed inside the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, a branch of the Redeemed Christian Church of God located in Ikpoba Hill, Benin City, where she had gone to study on May 27. It is doubtful that even the Nobel Laureate, T.S Eliot… Read full story