LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed a unanimously adopted motion titled ‘Need to Stop the Entry of herdsmen from other African Countries into Nigeria.’ It urged the Federal Government to “put a halt to the entry of herdsmen from other African countries into Nigeria.” Moving the motion, the Minority Leader, Honourable Ndudi Elumelu, said the House was concerned by the fact that militant herdsmen had consistently instilled fear in local farmers and villagers living in the affected areas by the use of coercion, intimidation, brute force and extreme violence which in most cases left a large number of persons dead. He added that the House was also concerned that the escalating violent conflicts between the nomadic herders from neighbouring countries and local farmers could spill over into more states of the federation if left unchecked, thus further threatening its security and stability. The House’s resolution came on the heels of the call by the Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje, on the Federal Government to seek a review of the West African protocols that allowed free movement, in order to stop herdsmen’s migration into northern Nigeria. According to Ganduje, it had become imperative for the government to use the international blockade created by the Covid-19 pandemic to stop the migration of weapons-carrying herdsmen into the country. As he noted, “Such movements by the herdsmen always cause conflicts and destruction of human lives.” We are in full agreement with call by Governor Ganduje and the House of Reps. Every modern state is supposed to have territorial integrity. But as we have noted time and again, the herdsmen have serially violated the country’s territorial integrity, collaborating with members of their ethnic brood to commit atrocities. Over the years, but particularly in the last five years, the herdsmen have made life miserable for thousands of Nigerians, invading and burning down entire communities while massacring men, women and children and any livestock in sight. They have set fire to their victims’ farms on countless occasions. They have subjected women to extremely brutal rapes before their husbands, and violated girls before their parents. They have committed war crimes while the Federal Government, credibly accused of failing to tame their bestial rage, shirked its constitutional responsibilities with abandon. On countless occasions, the herdsmen have made travel on the country’s highways a nightmare for law-abiding citizens. The sordid and nasty details of Nigerians’ encounter with these vile persons are too numerous to list here. Many of those lucky to escape instant death have been maimed for life. From the North to the South, the herdsmen have committed horrendous crimes without any challenge from the authorities. They have treated Nigerians with utmost scorn for years, basking in the government’s failure to apprehend and assure their comprehensive punishment through the laws of the land. If the atrocities must stop, the Federal Government must shelve its usual excuses and take the battle to these terrorists. It must police the country’s borders with fresh vigour. There is no serious country that allows foreigners into its shores without documentation. When the killer herdsmen realise that there is no more space to perpetrate their atrocities in the country, they would flee its shores. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.