The Ogun Commissioner for Culture and Tourism, Dr Toyin Taiwo, on Thursday said that the ministry had concluded plans to explore online marketing for adire fabrics and other cultural products in the state. Taiwo disclosed this while receiving executives of the Association of Travels and Tourism Writers of Nigeria (ATTWN) who paid him a courtesy visit in his office in Abeokuta. The commissioner stated that the COVID -19 pandemic, which had ravaged the world, had called for redefining and redefinition of many things. He said that the online marketing strategy was part of measures to respond to the challenges of COVID -19 as it affected culture and tourism in the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lawmaker raises the alarm over ‘pay-as-you-go’ checkpoint at Anambra-Enugu border “It will surprise you that Ogun will be doing the first of its kind, once it is approved, by having our adire market online. We will be selling all these things again. “All our products will be online, our cultural team, our cultural tours, our troops too will be online. “Very soon, we are coming up with the virtual reality, whereby you can just sit down and experience all that you need to without even travelling physically to enjoy or explore these things. “It is COVID-19 that is pushing us into this and it is a blessing in disguise,” he said. Taiwo appreciated the association for the visit, saying that it was important to collaborate in order to project the culture and tourism sector. He added that the state government would take tourist attraction to the people, stressing that Gov. Dapo Abiodun had placed a high priority on the development of the sector in the state. The commissioner said that the state government would continue to create an enabling environment for the private-public partnership for social development of the state. Also speaking, the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Mrs Melutia Ogunremi, said this was the time to boost tourism in the state. Ogunremi explained that the state had beautiful tourist sites, adding that it was important to let people know of the existence of these sites. Earlier, the President of the association, Miss Omolola Itayemi, said that the primary aim of the association was to project culture and tourism through adequate and positive reportage. Itayemi added that the association would collaborate with the state to promote and project its activities to the world. “We want to push tourism forward. Now is the important time to go back to domestic tourism. No state is as blessed as Ogun in all-round tourism,” she said. The president commended the state for the annual drum festival in the state, saying it had put the state on the world tourism calendar. She urged the ministry to create a festival calendar. According to her, it is important to organise festivals at least monthly or quarterly as it will further make the people fall in love with culture and tourism. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria Records 587 New Cases, Total Now 17,735
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Wednesday, announced that the country has recorded 587 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 17,735… Read Full Story FG To Concession Benin – Asaba, Abuja – Lokoja, Kaduna – Kano Highways, Others
The federal government is determined to outsource repair and maintenance of certain Federal highways, Minister of Works, Babatunde Fashola, dropped the hint on Wednesday at the National Assembly Joint Committee on Works. The concession arrangement which he called, “Highway Development and Management… Read Full Story FG, States, LGs Share N547.309bn For May 2020
The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC), on Wednesday, at its meeting via Virtual Conferencing, chaired by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Dr Mahmoud Isa-Dutse, shared to the three tiers of government, a total sum of N547.309 billion as federation… Read Full Story NEWS ANALYSIS: APC In The Last 24 Hours
The trajectory of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the country in the last 24 hours typifies the story in the timeless literary work of a dermatologist, Professor Okoro Anezionwu, One week one trouble. Almost every passing second, the party has continued to entertain Nigerians and indeed the world with a full… Read Full Story Africa’s COVID-19 Cases Surpass 250,000 ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO), Regional Office for Africa in Brazzaville, Congo, says the number of coronavirus cases in Africa is now over 256,000. The UN health agency gave the update on its official twitter account @WHOAFRO on Wednesday… Read Full Story No Report Of COVID-19 Transmission In Blood Recipients — Experts
CONSENSUS by experts at the Lagos State 2020 World Blood Donor Day was that COVID-19 is not likely to be transmitted through blood transfusion. Professor Sulaimon Akanmu, speaking at a webinar conference hosted by the Lagos State Blood Transfusion Service, stated that COVID -19 antibodies have been… Read Full Story ASUU Cautions Against Rushing To Reopen Schools
ACADEMIC Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has advised federal and state governments not to hasten to reopen schools until all necessary measures have been put in place to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in schools. The president of the union, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, gave the advice in an exclusive… Read Full Story COVID-19: Private Hospital Closed Down As 17 Staff Test Positive In Plateau
A private hospital in Jos, Plateau State, Rayfield Medical Services LTD, has been closed down as 17 staff of the hospital tested positive for COVID-19 after coming in contact with a coronavirus patient. The State Commissioner of Health Dr Nimkong Nadam Lar who disclosed this to newsmen in Jos said two persons with a… Read Full Story COVID-19: Concerns Over Early Discharge Of Patients
When Mr Henry Adelakin (not real name) was discharged from the isolation centre after a second test revealed he was negative of the COVID-19 infection, his relatives were thankful that the worse was over. They had kept his infection a secret to avoid stigmatisation… Read Full Story Another Harvest Of Arrests As EFCC Picks 16 Suspected Internet Fraudsters In Lagos, Ogun
It was another harvest of arrests on Wednesday as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested 16 young men suspected to be internet fraudster both in Lagos and Ogun State… Read Full Story FUOYE Student Found Dead In Boyfriend’s Hostel In OSPOLY, Iree
There was apprehension in Iree community of Boripe local government area of Osun State, as a 21year-old female student of the Federal University Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), Miss Faderera Oloyede was found dead in her boyfriend hostel room. Though circumstances surrounding her death were still sketchy as of the time of… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Wadume’s Trial: Matters Arising
ON March 16, Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued an order compelling the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Burutai, to produce in court, the 10 soldiers who allegedly killed three policemen in their bid to effect the escape of millionaire kidnapping kingpin, Bala Hamisu, alias Wadume… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.