The registration and housemates selection process for the newest and the self-acclaimed ‘most socially responsible reality show, Tush my apartment’ in Nigeria has begun. This pronouncement was made known earlier today by the chairman of ‘Tush My Home’ Global Limited, Dr Fred Ayodeji Mafikuyomi at their corporate headquarters in Victoria Island Lagos. Dr Mafikuyomi said interested Nigerians from the age of 18 who wish their lives changed and want to be part of the selected housemates for the show coming up on TVC Entertainment and other TV stations in Nigeria should register immediately via SMS. According to him, they could also register on the show’s website. ALSO READ: CGE celebrates elderly women with photo shoot in Lagos Dr Mafikuyomi highlighted the reasons for the show, which he described as the first in Africa, to include a need for a signature programme that addresses a key national priority and has the capacity to impact and resonate positively across all socio-economic classes especially housing, which is an integral part of millennium development goals and particularly significant pillars of families. He further explained the processes of the show saying, “in order to boost the living conditions, restore the pride of average Nigerians and to put a smile on their faces, ‘Tush My Apartment’ reality show is introduced to enhance the lifestyle of Nigerians by using a team of professionally trained and highly resourceful experts to execute a free and complete makeover of an existing apartment owned by three lucky Nigerians and contestants in the show or rent an apartment for the winners, if necessary. “The show targets all Nigerians, three Contestants who make it to the final will get their apartment renovated or rent a new apartment to the tune of N1.5Million Naira, N1Million Naira and Five Hundred Thousand Naira respectively, and also the show will be organised every quarter. “The show will provide an opportunity for many Nigerians to have comfortable accommodation. Also, once a year, a contestant will be privileged to win a house.” He encouraged Nigerians and brands to support the show which according to him respects our religion, culture, morale, social, norms and ethics in Nigeria. He added that the show does not only respect culture but will continue to change the lives of old and young Nigerians throughout the year. He finally called on corporate organisations and popular brands to support the show in order to keep changing society for the best. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!