A legal practitioner, Mr David Babalola, has said the sitting of the Bayelsa State Election Petition Tribunal was an affront on the ruling of the Supreme Court, which determined the governorship of the state. The apex court, on February 13, 2020, declared Senator Douye Diri of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and his running mate, Senator Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo, as the duly elected governor and deputy governor respectively. This followed the disqualification by the Supreme Court of the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, David Lyon, and running mate, Senator Biobarakumo Degi-Eremienyo, over the latter’s falsification of his name on the documents submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). According to Babalola, who spoke to journalists to Lagos, argued it is unconstitutional for the Bayelsa deputy governor to personally waive his immunity from the trial in order to appear before the election tribunal. He faulted the basis of the tribunal inviting Ewhrudjakpo to answer allegations bordering on his National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) exemption certificate. “I recall that the Supreme Court in disqualifying the APC candidates in the last governorship election clearly stated that only the issuing authority of any certificate can alter or make any correction on the certificate. In this instance, the issuing authority, which is the NYSC, had admitted at the tribunal that it misspelt the deputy governor’s name and at the latter’s instance had gone ahead to effect the correction. ‘‘This fact was what the DSS relied upon in its testimony before the tribunal to clear Senator Ewhrudjakpo of any wrongdoing.” ALSO READ: The burden of leadership at FIRS Babalola said legally, there was no duly constituted tribunal for Bayelsa in respect of the November 16, 2019 governorship election. “By law, the constitutional six months for filing and determination of the election had elapsed. See Section 285(6) of the 1999 constitution as amended. 180 days is the lifespan of any election tribunal from the date of filing the petition. Sub-section 5 of Section 285 says the petition must be filed within 21 days from the date of declaration of the result. “How can there be a valid petition against the current holders of the office of governor and deputy governor of Bayelsa State in the light of the above?” He reasoned that the Court of Appeal could not by any stretch of the imagination constitute an election petition tribunal for Bayelsa when same had since been extinguished by virtue of the fact of parties. Babalola further averred that the allegation of fake NYSC exemption certificate against Ewhrudjakpo was no longer tenable as it “is no longer a live issue being a pre-election matter, which by Section 285(9) ought to have been litigated within 14 days of the occurrence of the event.’’ He cited the Supreme Court pronouncement on Atiku vs Buhari where it stated that the issue of qualification is a pre-election matter. Babalola maintained that by the authority of the Supreme Court’s pronouncement, the election tribunal “is completely robbed of jurisdiction to entertain the claim.’’ The legal practitioner insisted that the deputy governor could not waive his immunity to appear before the tribunal, adding that no court can compel his appearance. “The only way such immunity can be waived is only when he resigns from office. There cannot be a deputy governor in abeyance. For the avoidance of doubt, see Section 308 of the 1999 constitution as amended,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session
THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story Cleanup Starts At 57 Sites In Ogoni Land ― Minister
The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Abubakar, says no fewer than 57 sites at Ogoni land in Rivers are being cleaned up currently. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on Wednesday in Abuja, saying that he had presented a report on the ministry’s mandate to a meeting of the… Read full story COVID-19: NCoS Reopens Custodial Centres For Admission Of Inmates
The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) announced the reopening of Custodial Centres to admit all categories of inmates. Controller General of Corrections, Ja’afaru Ahmed, who ordered the reopening of the Custodial Centres, on Wednesday, in Abuja, said the action became imperative to enhance access to justice and… Read full story Community Policing Takes Off In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday inaugurated the State Community Policing Advisory Committee (SCPAC) and its operations arm, State Community Policing Committee (SCPC), aimed at improving security in all communities across the state… Read full story Auxiliary, Oyo Park Managers Sign Undertaking Against Drivers’ Harassment, Fake Ticketing
Aimed at curtailing their reported excesses, park managers in Oyo State, on Wednesday, were made to sign an undertaking binding them to adhere to stipulated rules of engagement or face disciplinary measures. As contained in the letter of undertaking, signed at the state secretariat, Ibadan, the park managers are not to engage… Read full story Ibuprofen Tested As Coronavirus Treatment
Scientists are running a trial to see if ibuprofen can help hospital patients who are sick with coronavirus. According to a BBC report, the team from London’s Guy’s and St Thomas’ hospital and King’s College believe the drug, which is an anti-inflammatory as well as a painkiller, could treat breathing difficulties… Read full story There Is Nothing As ‘State Of Osun’, Court Insists
Justice Mathias Agboola of the Osun State High Court on Wednesday insisted that legally and constitutionally there is nothing called “State of Osun”. He declared that under the Nigerian constitution, only Osun State exists. Delivering judgment in Osogbo in a suit filed by a human rights activist, Barrister Kanmi Ajibola against… Read full story Osun Governor Okays Reopening Of Churches, Mosques For Two Weeks
Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Wednesday held separate meetings with Christian and Muslim leaders in the state on guidelines for reopening of churches and mosques across the state for two weeks. He disclosed that the decision to reopen worship centres partially was in response to the request by religious… Read full story You Have No Right To Disconnect Customers Without Written Notice, Court Tells IBEDC
An Osun State High Court sitting in Osogbo on Wednesday declared that Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has no constitutional right to disconnect customers’ electricity without written notice. In a suit filed against IBEDC by two lawyers, Mr Kanmi Ajibola and Mr Olayinka Sokoya, who were the former chairman… Read full story PHOTOS: Moment Orji Uzor Kalu Left Kuje Correctional Centre
The Federal High Court in Lagos released a former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu, from prison on Tuesday. Former governor Kalu was jailed for 12 years on December 5, 2019, after he was convicted of N7.1bn fraud alongside a former Director of Finance at the Abia State Government House, Jones Udeogu… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For Vera Omozuwa
Even going by the dastardly details of rape cases, the story of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa is unusually brutal. According to reports, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin, Edo State, was raped and killed inside the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, a branch of the Redeemed Christian Church of God located in Ikpoba Hill, Benin City, where she had gone to study on May 27. It is doubtful that even the Nobel Laureate, T.S Eliot… Read full story