The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has inaugurated Alhaja Selimot Olapeju Ottun as the 19th Head of Service (HoS) of the state. Others sworn-in are Hon Olugbenga Dairo as Commissioner for Transportation; Mr Abiodun Fari-Arole as Special Adviser/Managing Director, Ogun State Property and Investment Corporation (OPIC) and Dr Lateef Lawal as Special Adviser on Health. Ottun takes over from Mrs Amope Chokor who retired from service ten days ago. Abiodun in his address during the ceremony said his administration would continue to place the public service on good stead to perform its statutory function for the citizens of Ogun State and towards the successful implementation of our collective mission of “Building our Future Together” Agenda. He said: “We will continue to ensure that the Ogun State Public Service has not just any type of leadership, but the right leadership. “In this direction, we will continue to provide an enabling environment for our people, within and outside the Public Service, with genuine intentions directed at providing a more prosperous life for all the people of Ogun State.” The governor charged the new appointees to put their wealth of experiences in their various fields into fore in achieving its administration objectives. In her response, Ottun said he would strive to maintain the records and standards set by her predecessors in the office while promising not to betray the trust the government reposed on her in the discharge of her duties. She promised that workers in the state civil and public service would continue to remain committed and dedicated to duty. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!