DETAILS of how the remains of a lawyer, Mr Osobase Omo-Iyoha, who was declared missing for over two weeks, were recovered emerged on Wednesday, just as the Edo State Police confirmed the arrest of six persons in the act. The Edo State Police spokesman, Mr Chidi Nwanbuzor, who disclosed this in Benin City, said that the police had on May 7 received a complaint from one Ukato Thompson that his brother, Omon-Iyoha, 41 was kidnapped by one Osasu Osadolor Afro and his gang members at Evbuomodu Village, Aduwawa, Benin City. Nwanbuzor said that on May 19, the kidnap kingpin, Osasu, was arrested along with a black colour Lexus 330 Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV) marked BEN-374-CU reportedly used in kidnapping the victim. Continuing, the image-maker said that on May 26, additional three suspects, one Uwadia Taiwo Uhunmwangho, 38, John Oke, 30 and Saturday Imagbe, 40, were arrested with one Audi 80 car marked CA-956-BEN which was also allegedly used in kidnapping the victim. According to him, the suspects confessed to beating up the victim and later dropped him somewhere along Old Benin-Auchi Road, Aduwawa, Benin City; while two other gang members, Leonard David, 21 Valentine Dibie, 24 were arrested on June 2, adding that the suspects confessed to conspiracy, kidnapping and murder of the lawyer who they killed and buried in a bush close to his house. Nwanbuzor, a deputy superintendent of police said that on June, 2, the suspects took the police to a shrine at Aduwawa beside Osasu, the prime suspect’s house, where they buried the body of the lawyer in a shallow grave and his remains were exhumed by pathologists from the Central Hospital Benin City and taken to the same hospital mortuary for autopsy. The public relations officer of the Benin City branch of the Nigeria Bar Association (NBA), Mr Douglas Ogbankwa, who confirmed the recovery of the corpse of Omo-Iyoha, said that the lawyer was abducted while attempting to settle a dispute between a scion of high Chief Nosakhare Osadolor, popularly called Afro and another fellow. He was reportedly beaten to a pulp and taken away to an unknown destination on May 9 and was not seen till date. The Benin branch of the association had on May 19 threatened a citizens’ march to demand the arrest of the elder Osadolor for shielding his son and accused the police of complicity in its investigation of the matter.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Reps Approve $22.799bn External Loan, Revised 2020-2022 MTEF-FSP Amidst Protest
The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved Federal Government’s request to borrow $22.799 billion external loan and the revised Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Policy Paper (FSP), as South-East lawmakers protested exclusion from the new borrowing plan… Read full story We Have Not Relaxed Ban On Religious Activities, 8pm To 5am Curfew Still In Force, Says Oyo Govt
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, headed by Governor Seyi Makinde, stated on Tuesday that it was yet to relax the ban on religious activities and the curfew imposed as a result of the pandemic. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the Task Force made its… Read full story I Expect Police To Bring UNIBEN Student’s Killers To Justice Quickly, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Uwaila Omozuwa, the University of Benin undergraduate who was raped and later died last week, saying he expected the Nigerian Police to speedily investigate the case and ensure the culprits are brought to justice… Read full story Again, PDP Calls For N70 Pump Price Rate •Rejects Announced N121 per litre
The Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has again called on the Federal Government to review the fuel pump price rate to N70 per litre to reflect global oil price reality. According to the party, any rate higher than this would amount to shortchanging Nigerians and urged that national assembly to compel the… Read full story Churches, Mosques Services To Last For 1 Hour ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic has said that regular services in churches and mosques will be restricted to a maximum of one hour to minimize contact among worshippers. The National Coordinator of the task force, Dr Sani Aliyu, said this on Tuesday while giving clarification on the lifting of… Read full story Re-Election: I’ll Stand Solidly By You, Buhari Tells Adesina
President Muhammadu Buhari has thrown his weight behind Dr Akinwumi Adesina in his bid to get re-elected as President of the African Development Bank (AfDB). He made the declaration at the presidential villa, Abuja, on Tuesday, while hosting Dr Adesina on a courtesy visit… Read full story Don’t Open Places Of Worship Yet, Sheikh Gummi Tells FG
Popular Islamic scholar, Sheikh Ahmed Gummi has kicked against the reopening of places of worship by the Federal Government. Tribune Online reports that the Presidential Task Force had earlier stated on Monday that the Federal Government had approved the easing of places of worship… Read full story Schools’ Resumption: Lagos Plans Staggered Classes
The Lagos State government has said part of its plans and considerations to reopen schools which are shut is to maintain staggered classes for students. Recall that schools have been shut down since March because of the coronavirus pandemic in the country… Read full story 8 Fresh Cases Of Ebola Confirmed In DRC ― WHO
The World Health Organisation (WHO) Regional Office for Africa has confirmed eight fresh cases of Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The UN’s health agency confirmed the development in a statement posted on its website… Read full story Thieves Tunnel Into Shoprite, Steal Drinks Worth R300,000
A Shoprite LiquorShop at the Newtown Junction shopping centre in Johannesburg has been robbed in bizarre fashion by thieves who tunnelled through a solid concrete floor to gain access, News24 reports. Tribune Online reports that the robbery took place while the shop was closed due to the COVID-19 lockdown while… Read full story Satellite Cable: Reps Begin Probe Of Non-Implementation Of Pay-As-You-Go Package
Chairman, House of Representatives’ Ad-hoc Committee investigating the non-implementation of the pay-as-you-go package by satellite providers in the country, Hon. Unyime Idem, on Tuesday, assured Nigerians of justice. Hon. Idem who gave the assurance while giving an update on the closed-door meeting held after the… Read full story Expect Your Two Months Salary Arrears Within 72 Hours, Minister Assures N-Power Monitors
The Federal Government, on Tuesday, assured all the accredited monitors of the N-Power scheme of its readiness to pay the outstanding two-month salaries within the next 72 hours. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq, who gave the assurance via… Read full story Court Orders Immediate Release Of Orji Uzor Kalu From Prison
A Federal High Court in Lagos has ordered the immediate release of former governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu from the Kuje correctional centre in Abuja. Justice Mohammed Liman gave the order after listening to an application filed by Senator Kalu seeking to set aside the conviction of December… Read full story $10m Bribery Scandal: Reps Ask Security Agencies To Investigate CUPP Spokesman
The House of Representatives on Tuesday resolved to refer the $10 million bribery allegations levelled against the House of Representatives to the appropriate security agencies for criminal investigation and activate processes for requisite redress against the spokesman of the Coalition of Political Parties… Read full story Reps Task FG On Adequate Preparation For Post-Oil Economy In Nigeria
The House of Representatives on Tuesday admonished Federal Government on the need to direct its energy, resources and focus on how to diversify the economy from dependence on oil to avert the looming economic implosion. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING