The Ekiti State Government has set up advisory and technical committees for the development of the state action plan for the promotion and protection of human rights, state’s Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Olawale Fapohunda announced on Friday. According to Fapohunda, this was in compliance with the directive of Governor Kayode Fayemi on the need to commence immediate assessment of current measures in place to protect and promote human rights in the state. This was contained in a statement made available to Tribune Online from the office of the Attorney General and signed by his Special Assistant on media, Olalekan Suleman. According to the statement, “the purpose of the action plan is to audit the human rights situation in Ekiti State, identifying areas in need of improvement while at the same time committing the State Government to concrete measures that can be adopted to build and entrench a culture of human rights for the enjoyment of all.” The statement reads further: “the SAPHR specifically presents an opportunity for identifying and agreeing on areas of cooperation between government departments, the private sector, civil society in general and other role players so that together we can improve the protection and promotion of human rights in our state. “It will also be used by the government and the organs of civil society to monitor and assess the observance of human rights, and to gauge the commitment of the government to the protection of human rights.” ALSO READ: FG flags-off construction of 10,000 houses, 2 health centres in Borno The composition of the committees is the advisory committee headed by the state’s Attorney General and Commissioner for justice, Olawale Fapohunda and the technical committee, headed by the Solicitor General and Permanent Secretary of the state’s Ministry of Justice, Lawrence Ojo. Chairman, Ekiti House of Assembly Committee on Judiciary & Legal Matters, Tajudeen Akingbolu, Chairman, Ekiti South-West LGA, Ekiti State, Kola Amire Kolade, Vice-Chair and Chair, Human Rights Committee NBA Ado Ekiti, Abigail Aladejare, Ekiti State Coordinator, National Human Rights Commission, Biodun Adigun and the state coordinator,
Legal Aid Council of Nigeria, Ekiti State Adeyinka Opaleke are members of the advisory committee. While the Executive Secretary, Office of Public Defender, Bola Wale-Awe, Special Assistant, Civil Society, Office of the Governor, Biodun Oyeleye, Blessing Ajileye from FIDA Ekiti and Tumininu Adedeji Founder, BIGIF are members of the technical committee. Oyeyemi Omolayo of the Directorate of Citizens’ Rights, Ekiti State Ministry of Justice Ekiti State is the Project Coordinator. The Committees will be inaugurated on Wednesday, 1st of July at the Ministry of Justice Academy, State Secretariat Complex Ado-Ekiti.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.