THE new Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, Mr Nwachukwu Enwonwu, has called on the people of the state to partner with the police with a view to reducing crime and other social vices to the minimum. Enwonwu made the call at the weekend at a reception organised in his honour by the state Police Community Relations Committee (PCRC) to mark his birthday, held at Ilaji Hotels and Sports Resort, Ibadan. The commissioner, who was flanked by his wife, children and a few of his aides at the event, stated that the police could not combat crime alone because their officers and men are not superhumans. According to him, effective policing requires all and sundry to support the police in terms of provision of prompt and useful information as well as intelligence gathering. “In order to render bandits completely useless, there has to be synergy between the police, the PCRC and the people in general. “I want to assure our people that the police in Oyo State would continue to do their best to serve you and I want to state here that the police service during my time would be the best that our people have ever witnessed. “Let me state here also that there would be nothing like police brutality. However, I am urging our people to be law-abiding so that we can all be on the same page,” CP Enwonwu said. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kano govt confirms 5 new cases, records one death The police chief thanked the Reverend Peter Omofoye-led committee and the chairman of Ilaji Hotels and Sports Resort, Chief Dotun Sanusi, for their efforts on community and security development. He particularly commended Chief Sanusi for establishing what he called a world-class hospitality outfit in Ibadan and adding to the city’s allure.
“I am surprised at the facilities I have seen here. The environment is the kind that you find in advanced countries of the world. “I am also thanking Chief Sanusi for spending his hard-earned money on the provision of basic amenities like electricity and good road for the people of this local government. Indeed, you have a genuine love for the people,” the commissioner added. The chairman of the PCRC, Reverend Omofoye, pledged the continued support of his committee for the police and the success of the new police chief. Appeal Court President: Buhari Not A Rubber Stamp, Says Presidency
The presidency has dismissed pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Justice Monica S. Dongban-Mensem as President of the Court of Appeal, saying that the president cannot be a rubber stamp in making judicial and other appointments… Read full story There Are Moles In My Government, Umahi Says
Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has openly acknowledged the existence of moles in his government but insisted that his administration had nothing to hide. Tribune Online reports that Umahi’s position is contained in a social media comment posted on Sunday… Read full story Kaduna Disowns Document In Circulation, Says Lockdown Remains
The Kaduna State Government has disowned a document that has been making the rounds, stating that the Quarantine Law has been reviewed and that a 12-hour lockdown is now in place. The fake document claimed that the lockdown is now from 6pm to 6am, and that interstate travel remains banned… Read full story The Killing Of George Floyd
THE death of George Floyd, a 46-year-old African-American in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, in the hands of a team of four white police officers has yet again left dark clouds around the issues of racial equality and justice on the one hand, and concerns about racially charged police brutality and justice in the United States… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE