The Anambra State Government says it will commence skills acquisition training in the 179 communities across the state. This was revealed to newsmen on Monday at the Government House, Awka, by the State’s Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, Professor Theresa Obiekezie. Tribune Online learnt that Professor Obiekezie recently redeployed to the Youth Ministry, had held a maiden meeting with political appointees whose job descriptions focus on Youth Mobilization, Development and Empowerment as well as Digital Entrepreneurship for seamless and effective planning and implementation of youth-oriented programmes. According to her, “the best way to empower the youth is through skills development and effective empowerment to become self-reliant.” She explained that in support of Gov Willie Obiano’s unequalled achievements in Security, the Ministry aims at training our youths down to the grassroots level. “This new move will redirect our youths away from crime and other social vices… It’s healthy, productive and effective to fight crime by adequately arming our youths with relevant skills,” she added. Professor Obiekezie assured of the readiness of the State Government to partner with ndị Anambra, home and abroad, in implementing this new initiative. The meeting had in attendance, the State’s political appointees under the Ministry of Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy. Also present were the Director-General of the Digital Entrepreneurship Office, Engr Ifeanyi ANIAGOH and Chief Bob-Manuel Udokwu, Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Nollywood, Entertainment and Creative Economy.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.