The Nigerian government has handed over the fishing vessel Marine 707 suspected to be carrying out illegal activities in the Gulf of Guinea to the Ghanaian authorities for further investigation and possible prosecution. Nigeria also handed over 51 crew members including 48 Ghanaian and 3 south Korea nationals  to the government of Ghana and Korea respectively. The vessel which had authorisation to fish in Ghana and Benin waters was arrested by the Nigerian Navy on the 18th of May, 2020 around the south-west of Lagos waters with her  Automatic Identification System (AIS) switched off after being suspected to be used for piracy or being used as a mother ship to conduct piracy in the Gulf of Guinea, and was then handed over to the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) after preliminary investigations by the Navy. While speaking during the official handover of the Ghanaian flagged vessel and the crew to the respective authorities, the Director General of NIMASA, Dr. Bashir Jamoh, said that the Navy, NIMASA partnership which is now hinged on intelligence has put Nigeria on a pedestal of winning the war against piracy and other illegal acts at sea. Jamoh who was represented by the agency’s commander, Maritime Guard Command Commodore Aniete Ibok disclosed that the vessel ran foul of international laws for shutting down its AIS 36 times in the last 6 months. According to him “We have done our preliminary investigations and we are yet to establish any concrete evidence against the vessel but again, we would not know what she would be doing whenever she turns off her AIS which occurred 36 times without being logged in her record book in line with international protocols and three of these were in our domain.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story Reps Halt Sale Of NECO Buildings, TSB, International Trade Fair
The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, directed the supervisory Boards of Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS), International Trade Fair Complex, as well as management of National Examination Council (NECO) to halt the sale and concession of all properties within and outside the country, pending the conclusion of the… Read full story CEO Tonimas Oil And Gas, Anthony Enukeme Is Dead
The Chief executive officer of Tonimas Oil and Gas, Chief Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme is dead. Chief Enukeme, who is also APGA board of trustee member passed on at the early hours of Monday… Read full story Court Declares Aguma Rivers APC Acting Chair
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared Hon Igo Aguma, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The court also compelled the party to allow all members of the party loyal to Sen Magnus Abe, who purchased from for the congresses of the party in 2018 to take part in the process… Read full story COVID-19: Gombe Taskforce Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Positive Cases, Cry For Lack Of Funds To Operate
In his periodic update on the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state, Chairman of the Gombe State COVID-19 Taskforce, Professor Idris Mohammed, has raised an alarm of community spread of the infection… Read full story EDITORIAL: Bandits On The Prowl
LAST week, Katsina State governor, Honourable Aminu Bello Masari, vowed that he would no longer negotiate with bandits in the state. His grouse was that they had reneged on an agreement reached with the state government. According to him, they promised to repent and leave the North-West, but “they did not… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE