Ahead of the primary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, the youth wing of the party has called on the leadership of the party to be free and fair in the conduct of the primary election of the party scheduled for next month. The youths under the auspices of Democratic Reformation Force (DRF) who also called on the leaders of the party to provide a level playing field for all aspirants, to shore up the chances of the party in the forthcoming governorship election. The youths warned against inducement of delegates for the party’s primaries if the party really wants to win the election, and vowed to resist the alleged financial inducement being made by Deputy Governor of the State, Hon. Agboola Ajayi, to woo party members to support his aspiration. The PDP youths under the auspices of Democratic Reformation Force (DRF) described as shameful the move by some members of the party to dump their preferred aspirants for Ajayi. Speaking on behalf of the group, the Coordinator of the DRF in the state, Prince Ojo Olatunji, said Chief Eddy Olafeso, Eyitayo Jegede Sola Ebiseni and Banji Okunomo were leading PDP aspirants before the Deputy Governor joined the race but they have been losing their supporters after Ajayi’s defection. Olatunji said it was unimaginable to see party members who endure pains and hunger for four years dumping their aspirants who have been oiling the party’s machinery for the Deputy Governor saying Ajayi wants to reap where others have laboured. Olatunji stated that the Ondo PDP youths would rather join the campaign train of any of the aspirants as a way of rewarding party loyalty rather than supporting the deputy governor He urged the party national leadership to provide a level playing field for all the aspirants and said “we have remained loyal and committed to this party for the last four years. The party’s leadership must not allow money politics to wish away our seat. “Anybody is allowed to support any aspirant but the method of using money to woo supporters of other aspirants is the highest level of deceit. “Those of us in the DRF of the Ondo PDP has pledged to support Okunomo and we have also begun mass mobilisation to counter any move of Ajayi.” However, the Chief Press Secretary to the deputy governor, Mr Babatope Okeowo, declined comment on the issue. Ajayi, last Sunday, resigned from the APC and joined the PDP where he hoped to contest for the governorship election.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.