The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has given three months ultimatum to the federal government to end the spate of killings in the country especially in the North or face wide-scale protests. This was disclosed in a statement signed by the spokesman of CNG, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman made available to the Tribune Online on Wednesday. According to the statement, if the federal government failed to address the insecurity in the country especially in the North, the youths might be forced to embark on mass protests. Thus, the CNG gives three months to the government to ensure they sanitse and bring to an end the wanton killings in the country. ALSO READ: Those frustrating NEC meeting bent on destroying APC ― Lukman, DG, PGF Part of the statement read as follows : ‘For the avoidance of doubt, the CNG shall see no course in holding back the commencement of renewed protests on a much wider scale if, at the expiration of the three months period, the government’s commitment to safeguarding the lives of citizens all over the country remains mere rhetoric. ‘In place of the halted protests, the CNG hereby resolves to direct its state coordinators to raise their levels of vigilance and to assist the security forces with credible relevant intelligence needed to tackle the situation. ‘All CNG state coordinators and officials of affiliate groups to commence the immediate process of compiling all aspects of security worries in their respective states to deliver to the various state commissioners of police for onward transmission to the chief executives and thereafter, address the press at NUJ centres in groups of not more than 25 each. ‘Meanwhile, we urge improved public cooperation with security efforts and concerted rigorous prayers for divine intervention to grant our troops victory in stemming this deadly menace once and for all and for the restoration of a lasting peace and enduring stability. ‘We also call on the business community and the wealthy in society to replicate the gesture they extended to support the Covid-19 fight to the current war against insecurity. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.