One person has been reported missing after a local boat sailing along Lekki shoreline capsized on Tuesday. Tribune Online gathered that three other passengers aboard the boat were rescued after the mishap. It was gathered that the boat, conveying four men who were on an expedition, was upturned by turbulence. The General Manager, Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA), Oluwadamilola Emmanuel, confirmed that search was ongoing for one of the passengers of the boat. Emmanuel said that the authority received distressed calls from other boat operators who reported the mishap and needed immediate need to rescue occupants of the boat when it capsized along Lekki shoreline. “At about 4.30 pm on the 23rd of June 2020, a local boat with four (4) adult males on a boating expedition were inside a boat which capsized due to water turbulence. “The quick collaborative effort of responders in the area were able to rescue three alive while one person is still missing. The rescued victims were provided with medical care and released. “Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development, LASWA, Lagos State Material Testing Laboratory and Lagos State Building Control Agency were on the ground alongside LRT responders at the incident scene. “Rescue effort is still ongoing for the missing person as it was discovered that all occupants on board did not have lifejackets on. “Marine police will carry out the further investigation while Lagos State Emergency Management Agency and LASWA will also continue the search for the missing person.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.