With the surge in the number of cases of abuse of women, especially sexual violence that has also spiked in recent times, a new movie that explores the constant abuse of women, entitled ‘Violated’ has been released. With millions of women, especially the girl-child being violated across the globe, the movie which was directed by award-winning creative director and filmmaker Wole Ogundare, violated movie brought to life the danger many women, both young and old are exposed to in their communities by being violated. The story focused on old lovers who got back together after a while to rekindle their friendship but ended up in assault and rape. With popular Nollywood stars such as Seun Sean Jimoh, Lekan Ogunjobi among others, the movie explored the trauma survivors of sexual abuse have to live with. Also introducing Haitian new actress, Nzinga Desir, whose understanding of role interpretation is top-notch, the film explores control, manipulation and other complexities surrounding domestic abuse from a totally realistic point of view angle. Speaking on what inspired the movie, the director, Wole Ogundare said the rise in the number cases of women and girls, even boys being sexually violated has got to the peak, adding that the movie was part of the producer’s plan to draw awareness to the scourge in their own way. He added that many victims of sexually abused marriages or relationships often live with the traumatic experience of violent abuse. Produced by Siderz Entertainment Films Production, the movie which was released last Friday on Siderz Entertainment YouTube channel, and the concept is to create awareness about rape and encourage violated persons to speak out and get justice. “Oftentimes, their children also face a lifetime of stigma and are sometimes rejected and ostracized even by their own families,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.