A Federal High Court in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, on Monday, granted an order of accelerated hearing in a suit seeking to stop Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, from participating in the governorship primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party, slated for tomorrow, 25th June. Ruling on a motion ex parte application, brought by one Omoregei Ogbeide-Ihama, against the governor’s participation, the court presided over by Justice E. A. Obile, directed the plaintiff/applicant to serve the nine defendants in the suit, though the substituted service, he proposed. There is no evidence of the court granting the main order as requested by the plaintiff. In the court processes made available, the part, proposing the means of effecting the planned substituted service, was also not included. Judiciary leadership has consistently warned judges against ex parte application endorsement and many judicial officers, had been sent packing since Justice Wilson Egbo Egbo of an Abuja High Court, on Tuesday, July 22, 2003, granted an ex parte application, sacking Chris Ngige as Anambra governor. ALSO READ: Buhari orders assistance for victims of Benin fire outbreak Egbo Egbo was compulsorily retired in January 2004. Apart from the approved substituted service, Justice Obile also granted an order, abridging the time within which the defendants may enter an appearance and file their respective counter-affidavit or other processes in reaction to the plaintiffs’ claim. The matter was adjourned until today, Wednesday, 24 June, for the hearing of the motion on notice. Parties are, however, likely to be back in court on Tuesday, for the hearing of the prayer in the motion ex parte. Defendants in the matter are; Prince Uche Secondus, Emmanuel Ogidi, Hon. Kingsley Chinda, Chief Debekeme Boyleyefa, Senator James Manager, Hon. Ajibola Muraina, Peoples Democratic Party, Godwin Obaseki and Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The plaintiff/applicant is asking the court for an interim injunction restraining all the defendants, from allowing Obaseki or “any member or non-member other than those that have purchased forms and were screened within the time stated in the said Timetable, to contest the party’s primary election”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.