Men of the Ogun State Police Command have arrested a 22-year-old man, Dele Ope, for allegedly stealing his customer’s pant. The woman (name withheld) had reported Ope, a vulcanizer to the Police at Warewa Division, over her missing item. According to a statement by the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Abimbola Oyeyemi, the woman had invited the suspect to fix one of her car tyres which got deflated. The woman was said to have discovered that her pant spread on a line within her compound, had gone missing. She was reported to have gone after the artisan who was nowhere to be found, as at the time she got to her shop. When the matter was reported at the Warewa Division, the DPO, Folake Afeniforo, detailed detectives to arrest the suspect, while a search was conducted in his house and the pant was found. The suspect upon interrogation confessed to the crime, saying he had the intention of taking the pant to a herbalist for money ritual. He would be charged to court as soon as investigation into the matter is concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!