Deputy Chairman of Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said that it is possible for an individual to get reinfected with coronavirus because individuals mount immunity to infections at different rates. Professor Alonge, the coordinator of treatment at Oyo State Isolation centre, stated that the pattern of developing antibody to COVID-19 is so erratic and unpredictable. According to him, “when someone has a viral infection, you expect the person to have antibody developed to mop up the virus if it comes up again. But with covid-19, we have found out that the pattern of developing this antibody is so erratic and unpredictable.” “In fact, the so called 14 days quarantine period is not magic. We have seen people who after 14 days are still shedding the virus, even at 28 days. So the bottom line now is to check the viral load and the CT value and the antibody they have mounted before you discharge them. “Even when they are discharged, we ask them to stay at home and still wearing their masks because they may not be infectious to you, but you, in coat looking clean may be infectious to them, so there is a risk of reinfection when you get exposed.” Alonge, a former Chief Medical director, University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, however, assured that COVID-19 cases seen in Nigeria seem to be less severe to that in other parts of the world and linked this probably to the coronavirus strains circulating in Nigeria as well as body immunity. He declared, “you will be amazed that a lot of the patients that were taken from the ISON place in Ibadan have antibodies, meaning that the infection has been there for a long time. “We don’t know who had already contracted the virus and had developed antibodies.   This virus you can wash away from your system if you have good immune system, it  is when the damage comes and you have s subsisting medical condition that weakens the immune system that you succumb. More than 90 per cent actually recover full from what we are seeing and at Olodo Isolation centre, 100 per cent have recovered fully.” Professor Alonge also linked Nigeria’s high immunity to the COVID -19 to the protective effect of Vitamin D which Nigerians derive from the sun. “Well, we think that there might be some protection from vitamin D. That is still being researched at the moment because vitamin D helps you to build up immunity against many infections as well. So, staying in the sun, maybe about 1 or 2 hours before noon is very helpful for your immune system. “So my hypothesis has always been that good nutrition and coming out into the sun,  say about one hour, is what is giving us some degree of protection in the tropical region rather than the fact that we have some inherent immunity. “Second, in our environment there are various strains of coronavirus; they just keep mutating. Maybe the ones that we have are not as aggressive as the ones they have abroad, nobody knows,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING President Buhari’s Full Democracy Day Speech
Fellow Nigerians,The 2020 celebration of Democracy Day marks 21 years of uninterrupted civil administration in our dear country. This day provides us an opportunity to reflect on our journey as a nation, our achievements and struggles.
It is a day to honour our founding fathers who toiled to establish our republic and every Nigerian who has worked tirelessly to sustain it… Read full story Democracy Day: NADECO lists 12 conditions to unity, peace •Insists on return to federalism
TWENTY-ONE years after it led the struggle that culminated in the restoration of civil rule, the National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) on Thursday declared that Nigeria remained in dire straits. Accordingly, it listed about 12 fundamental conditions, including a return to federalism, coupled with the convocation… Read full story Governance: Our best not good enough since 1999 —Atiku
EFFORTS by Nigerian leaders to govern the country rightly since 1999 have not been “good enough to improve on the lives of the citizenry and grow the nation in all facets of development needs,” former vice president, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has said… Read full story ASUU Challenges FG To Provide Proofs It Saved Money Through IPPIS
The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has again challenged the Federal Government to present to the public a verifiable proof that it has saved huge amounts of money through its newly introduced Integrated Personnel and Payroll Information System (IPPIS) for workers… Read full story Reps Increase 2020 Budget From N10.805trn To N10.810trn
The House of Representatives on Thursday passed a resolution to increase the revised 2020 budget from N10.806 trillion to N10.810 trillion. The resolution was passed after the adoption of a debate on the motion sponsored by the chairman, House Committee on Finance, Hon Abiodun Faleke, who underscored… Read full story COVID-19: Reject Patients, Have Your License Withdrawn, FG Threatens Medical Doctors
The Federal Government on Thursday threatened to withdraw licenses of medical doctors who deliberately reject and turn back patients from their hospital without attending to them or offering necessary advice on what to do. Describing it as unethical and unacceptable, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, while speaking… Read full story Reopen Schools For SS3 Students First, Proprietor Tells FG, WAEC
A school administrator and principal of Adesina College, Ibadan, Mr Adejare Adesina, has advised the Federal Government to liaise with the West African Examination Council (WAEC) and other West African countries that subscribe to the council’s examinations to reopen schools for all the Senior… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdowns Deny 500m Children Access To Education ― IMF
Over 500 million children all over the world have lost access to education as a result of the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said on Thursday. The IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva, said in a statement that “More than half a billion children worldwide have… Read full story Nigeria Is 3rd Worst Country On Child Marriage Index
United Nations Children Fund (UNICEF) has said that with a figure of 3.5 million, Nigeria has the third-highest absolute number of child brides in the world and the 11th highest prevalence rate of child marriage globally. Tribune Online reports that only Bangladesh with 4.4 million and India with 15.5 million child brides are… Read full story Anxiety Over More Deaths, Rising Cases Of COVID-19 In Nigeria
THE geometric rise in the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 and the increasing casualties arising from the infection have continued to raise concerns among Nigerians. The deadly virus is still running riot despite concerted efforts to curtail it, crippling many facets of the economy as it passes the first 100 days of… Read full story Senate Threatens To Issue Warrant Of Arrest On Heads Of MDAs
The Senate has threatened to issue warrants of arrest on some ministries department and agencies of government over failure to appear before it and respond to queries by the Auditor General of the Federation. Tribune Online reports that the threat follows the refusal of the agencies of government to honour the invitation of… Read full story June 12: A Milestone For Democracy – Tinubu
The election of June 12th 1993 changed Nigeria profoundly. That it would have this deep and positive effect was not always certain. Many people laboured, struggled and sacrificed for democracy. They fought not that we would have democracy day but that Nigeria might exist as a democracy every day. When I say democracy… Read full story EDITORIAL: Defence Minister’s Lamentation
THE Minister of Defence, Bashir Magashi, has lamented that Nigeria’s military is too understaffed and underfunded to tackle the various security challenges facing the country. He made this lamentation while briefing journalists after a Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting where he said he had made a presentation on… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!