An edu-tech firm and proprietor of e-learning platform Taco.ng, Rhos & Kappas Limited, has announced its intention to give 40 per cent of the company’s revenue to private school teachers across the country. TACO (short for Take A Class Online) has been offering alternative third term classes to senior secondary students since schools were shut down by the Federal Government to contain the spread of COVID-19. Managing director of the company, Rotimi Omolaja, said: “With confirmed cases in Nigeria now above 20,000. The possibility of opening schools anytime soon is rather slim. For us, we feel the pains of private school teachers who either aren’t being paid fully or, as in most cases, aren’t being paid at all, unlike their counterparts in the public sector. “The gap made open by teachers’ inability to get back to work is what Taco.ng seeks to fill; hence our decision to give 40 per cent of our gross sales back to these teachers to ameliorate the hardship they’re currently learning to cope with at this time. “We must, however, not let only a select few – the private school teachers – pay the price for the advancement that will benefit us all in the long run.” When asked how the organisation will identify teachers most hit by the pandemic, Omolaja said: “I must say this was of concern to us initially, but eventually we decided to work hand-in-hand with these teachers; and this saw us adding a new functionality to our app allowing each private school teacher to refer learners to the Taco app and earn 40 per cent of the revenue from such sales. “On the average, a teacher can hope to earn between 60 and a 100,000 naira from referrals within one month. Other sale recorded outside the referral programme is what we hope to throw open to other private school teachers based on public recommendations.” Omolaja also said the platform has provided  to the students, a 365-day access to classes including instructional videos, class notes, and quizzes, for between N50 to N100. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.