The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has accused the United States of institutionalising racial profiling and persecution. Reacting to the murder of George Floyd on the streets of Minneapolis, Minnesota, in the United States, the Congress said America cannot disclaim allegations of institutionalised racial profiling and persecution in the United States. According to the NLC, “the fact that in more than 80 per cent of racial executions, police officers responsible were exonerated from criminal charges, indictment and discipline does very little to disclaim allegations of institutionalised racial profiling and persecution in United States. “This is not the example we expect from the acclaimed bastion of democracy. The history of racism in the United States especially as institutionalised by heavy-handed treatment of black people and other non-Caucasian races by the police are well documented.” The Congress gave its position in a statement titled: “On George Floyd and the global anti-racism protests – Injustice to one remains an injustice to all,” signed by its President, Comrade Ayuba Wabba. Comrade Wabba, who is also the President of International Trade Union Congress  (ITUC), said the NLC and the organised labour in Nigeria identify with the global “Black Lives Matter” anti-racism protests going on in different parts of the world. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Senator Ndume advocates part-time status for lawmakers, reduction in salary The NLC President said: “Like the rest of the world, we are horrified at the cruel execution of Mr George Floyd on the streets of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States of America on May 25, 2020. Those gory nine minutes before Mr Floyd’s life was brutally snuffed out by Derek Chauvin, a police officer, in cohort with three other police officers will continue to evoke outrage from all people of conscience.” Reeling out the list of some of the black Americans murdered before him, Comrade Wabba said: “Before George Floyd, there was Breonna Taylor, Botham Jean, Stephorn Clark, Philando Castile, Alton Sterling, Jamar Clark, Freddie Gray, Walter Scott, Tamir Rice, Michael Brown, and thousands more. “Eric Garner died on the streets of Staten Island, NY, on July 17, 2014, in the hands of police officer Daniel Pantaleo with the same mortal pant as George Floyd “I can’t breathe”. Six years later, African Americans are still struggling to breathe.” He pointed out that between 1877 and 1950, more than 4000 black people were extrajudicially killed in the United States of America by either the police or white supremacists. He said: “The Nigeria Labour Congress condemns the dastardly murder of George Floyd in the hands of law enforcement officers paid with public funds to protect lives. We demand justice on George Floyd’s killing and the extrajudicial killing of other African Americans. “We condemn the institutionalised racial profiling of black people in America, Europe, Asia and all over the world. We condemn the dehumanisation of black people through colour profiling, racial discrimination, human trafficking, slave labour and sexual exploitation. “We demand that world governments and institutions must take very strong and stern steps to stamp out racism in all its shades on the streets, in the workplace, and on playgrounds. The manifestation of racism anywhere on the planet is a severe mockery to civilization, globalization, and development.” The Congress called on African countries to take the lead in the campaign to stop the dehumanisation of black people. “The near silence of African leaders and institutions on the murder of George Floyd is worrying. It is against our culture for outsiders to cry more than the bereaved. Beyond grief, African leaders must also exemplify the fact that “Black Lives Matter,” he added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE