The remains of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, were on Sunday laid to rest at his Oluyole Estate residence. The former governor was buried at 10.20 a.m. according to Islamic rites after his body was brought in from Lagos early on Sunday. His burial was only attended by family members with some insiders so as to observe social distance laid by NCDC. Among the clerics at the burial were Alhaji Kunle Sanni, Sheikh Muyideen Bello, Chief Imam of Ibadan land, Sheikh Abubakri AbdulGaniyu Agbotomokere among others. Also present here are APC gubernatorial candidate, Chief Adebayo Adelabu, Hon Shina Peller, Honourable Saheed Akinade-Fijabi, Representative of Ekiti State governor, Senator Teslim Folarin, Minister for Youth and Sports, Mr Sunday Dare and members of 8th Assembly. DETAILS LATER…  The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!