THE Oyo State government says it will soon open a multi-functional 100-bed COVID-19 Care Centre in Saki to strengthen its fight against the novel coronavirus disease. Deputy governor, Rauf Olaniyan, stated this while taking delivery of some hospital equipment donated to the state by the Nigerian Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) in Ibadan. Olaniyan said “I need to particularly recognise the effort of all stakeholders who have donated to this course. “This has added value to the support of COVID-19 screening and treatment in Oyo state. Today’s donation will be an addition and will be solely dedicated to the isolation centre in Saki. The state government appreciates this contribution and looks forward to further collaborations,’’ In his remarks, Professor Temitope Alonge, the deputy chairman of the state COVID-19 Task Force, said that Saki isolation centre would also serve as a coronavirus research centre. “The Saki centre is going to be three-in-one: isolation, observatory and treatment. The reason we need to have an observatory is because it is a border town with many people coming in from other West African states, particularly Benin Republic and Burkina Faso. “It has a 100-bed capacity to be divided into intensive care unit with 10 beds, high dependency unit with 20 beds, while the general male and female wards will have 70 beds. The governor has approved the fund for the place to be adequately equipped. We want it to be fully functional and take care of patients immediately it is opened.’’ Professor Alonge, who commended CACOVID for the donation, added that the CACOVID team took cognisance of the disease pattern being managed at the centre and provided appropriate equipment. “But what they have done is to provide everything from the mundane to the expensive ventilators, which are all going to be utilised for the management of this disease,’’ he said. Dr Timothy Arowoogun, coordinator of CACOVID in Oyo and Osun states, said the fight for survival against the coronavirus pandemic, had become a collective responsibility and not of that of the government alone. “We all must join the fight if we must stay alive. This is why CACOVID, in partnership with First Bank of Nigeria Limited, as part of its contribution towards the eradication of the COVID-19 pandemic, is donating these equipment,’’ Arowoogun said. Items donated include Personal protective equipment (PPE), biohazard bags, oxygen cylinders, oxygen concentrator, nebuliser, defibrillator, 12 Lead ECG Electrode and centrifuge among others.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story Reps Halt Sale Of NECO Buildings, TSB, International Trade Fair
The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, directed the supervisory Boards of Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS), International Trade Fair Complex, as well as management of National Examination Council (NECO) to halt the sale and concession of all properties within and outside the country, pending the conclusion of the… Read full story CEO Tonimas Oil And Gas, Anthony Enukeme Is Dead
The Chief executive officer of Tonimas Oil and Gas, Chief Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme is dead. Chief Enukeme, who is also APGA board of trustee member passed on at the early hours of Monday… Read full story Court Declares Aguma Rivers APC Acting Chair
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared Hon Igo Aguma, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in the state. The court also compelled the party to allow all members of the party loyal to Sen Magnus Abe, who purchased from for the congresses of the party in 2018 to take part in the process… Read full story COVID-19: Gombe Taskforce Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Positive Cases, Cry For Lack Of Funds To Operate
In his periodic update on the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state, Chairman of the Gombe State COVID-19 Taskforce, Professor Idris Mohammed, has raised an alarm of community spread of the infection… Read full story EDITORIAL: Bandits On The Prowl
LAST week, Katsina State governor, Honourable Aminu Bello Masari, vowed that he would no longer negotiate with bandits in the state. His grouse was that they had reneged on an agreement reached with the state government. According to him, they promised to repent and leave the North-West, but “they did not… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE