TOTAL revenue accruing to the federal government between January and March (quarter 1) of 2020 amounted to N950.56 billion out of which it spent N943.12 billion on debt service leaving a balance of N7.44 billion. But member of Presidential Economic Advisory Council, Mr Bismark Rewane, attributed the development to the sudden drop in government revenues. According to the Addendum to the 2020-2022 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper (MTEF/FSP) released by the Debt Management Office on its website, “As at end of March 2020, FGN’s retained revenue was N950.56 billion. “The share of oil revenue was N464.03 billion (representing 70% performance) while Non-oil tax revenue was N269.41 billion (60% performance). “Company Income Tax (CIT) and Value Added Tax (VAT) collections were N129.72 billion and N42.23 billion respectively, representing 62% and 58% of the prorata. “Customs collections was N97.47 billion (60% of target). Other revenues amounted to N217.11 billion, of which independent revenues was N51.12billion. “On the expenditure side, N9.71 trillion was appropriated, while N2.37 trillion (representing 97.6% of the prorate, N2.43 trillion) was spent. “Of the expenditure, N943.12 billion was for debt service, and N820.1 billion for Personnel cost and Pensions. As at March 2020, only N139.70 billion has been released for capital.” According to the Budget Office, oil prices declined since the beginning of 2020 With Bonny Light crude price declining sharply from US$72 per barrel on January 6 to US$56.6 per barrel on February 11 and less than US$20 per barrel by late April 2020 and standing at US$12.41 a barrel on Tuesday April 28, 2020. It attributed the decline in oil prices to both global demand shocks and market concerns over crude oil oversupply in addition to the price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia. Rewane who spoke at the weekend said “once your revenue drops and your debt service is fixed, then you find that the ratio goes in the other direction but what is interesting is that we have components of debt: there is domestic debt, there is international commercial debts and there is the multilateral debt.” According to him the situation could have been worse if government had not reduced domestic borrowing in favour of foreign loans. “What we are seeing today, is that in the international market, debt rates have gone down. You can see that even in the United Kingdom it is .01, in the United States, it is about .10 per cent. “So because interest rates have come down, the amount of interest to pay on debts have actually come down. “It does mean that our nominal debt service has actually declined. Our revenues, however, have fallen by about 40 to 50 per cent.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Top 20,244 As Death Toll Hits 518
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 20,244 as 436 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: Oshiomhole And The North
I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious… Read Full Story 44.5 Per Cent Of Nigerians Aren’t Confident Their Children Will Be Protected From Coronavirus When Schools Reopen ― US Poll
44.5 per cent of Nigerians are not confident that their children will be protected from being exposed to coronavirus when schools reopen. Meanwhile, 97.3 per cent of Nigerians agree that the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated the need for greater investment in public healthcare… Read Full Story Wild Polio Eradication, A Three Decade-Long War ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all those involved in the successful eradication of wild poliovirus in the country, saying that the feat was achieved after a three-decade-long war… Read Full Story Nigeria’s Developmental Challenges Worsen As Debt Servicing Gulps 99% Of Revenue
Often times, individuals run into liquidity crises and need help from banks or other financial services companies or even friends to be able to sort themselves out. It could be to settle school fees, buy a car or even purchase foodstuff! So what happens when a country runs into a similar situation? For a number of emerging economies… Read Full Story 15 Things Effective Leaders Do With Extreme Consistency (I)
I first learned about effective leadership in chaotic environments as a Navy SEAL. Many, if not all, of those basic principles apply in business and life in general. We all have a different definition of success. But when we think of the more notable “successful” leaders out there, the narrative of their journey to the top… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Resuscitating A Dying Business
Businesses have their cycles. There are times when a business is prosperous and has everything going its way and there are other times when it experiences a downturn. Although some businesses are always on the go and continuously and consistently do well, these are the exceptions rather than the rule… Read Full Story APC Crisis: Oshiomhole’s Exit Heralds 2023 Battle
As the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains and ordinary faithful watch with bated breath the unfolding power game in the ruling party, there are indications that what is playing out in the battle for the party structures ahead 2023 Presidency… Read Full Story IPPIS Crisis: Varsity Workers Give FG 14-Day Ultimatum
Varsity workers, under the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), have issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel… Read Full Story I Didn’t Order Police CP To Prevent My Deputy From Leaving Govt House ― Akeredolu
Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has dismissed reports claiming that the Commissioner of Police in the state restrained his deputy, Agboola Ajayi, from leaving the Government House based on his directive… Read Full Story Nigerians Will Pay For Electricity If Services Become Satisfactory ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said Nigerians are willing to pay for electricity if the services they receive from the distribution companies are constant and better… Read Full Story Lawyers Task FG To Ratify ILO Convention No. 190 On Violence And Harassment
The International Lawyers Assisting Workers network (ILAW), Nigeria Chapter has called on the Federal Government to speedily ratify the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention No. 190 on Violence and Harassment in the world of work… Read Full Story The Revenue Crisis And The Challenge Of Government
It has become a truth, universally acknowledged, that Nigeria currently faces an unprecedented revenue crisis. A report on the Medium-Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy (MTEF/FSP) recently released by the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget, and National Planning, revealed that during Q1 2020… Read Full Story Now That You Are Young
I am a prince in Oyo State and I grew up in the city of Ibadan before leaving for Lagos State. In the early 80s and 90s, the third-largest city in Africa, Ibadan, had so many young rich men and women, who did not understand what I want to share with you right now. It will help you a great deal, if you will put it into practice. Remember… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!