Authorities of the Kwara State College of Education, Ilorin have discovered about 2,000 fake National Certificate of Education (NCE) allegedly issued in the name of the institution. Speaking in an interview at the weekend, Provost of the College, Professor Yusuf Abdulraheem, said some of the certificates were tendered as genuine in government agencies and establishments for employment, adding that some staff of the institution were responsible for issuance of the counterfeit results. The Provost, who said that the college had detailed the Department of State Service (DSS) to trail one of the suspects, who he identified as a dismissed staff of the institution, added that the institution had requested the state Ministry of Education, State Universal Basic Education Board and as well as state Teaching Service Commission to undertake verification of their staff to ascertain the genuineness of the certificates being paraded. The don pointed out that the institution was able to fish out several fake certificates issued in its name during the revalidation exercise. “More than 2,000 fake results are outside that were given to students from this school. We went to SUBEB, Teaching Service Commission, Ministry of Education and asked them to do verification of results. Many of them have come back and we have discovered that many of the results were fake. They were produced by our own people here. “Many of my staff were taken to the Department of State Service because we don’t have a problem with our lecturers. It is now left for those who are holding the certificates to own up. “But we thank God. If you go to anybody now even for assistance, they will tell you, if it is not within the confines of law, we will not do it. Our lecturers are now going to their classes and the students are happy,” the Provost said. He added that his administration has been able to clear the rot and sanitise the system for effectiveness and efficiency. Speaking on post-COVID-19, the Provost said the pandemic had provided the institution and other academic institutions an opportunity to be Information Technology (IT) compliant so as to, in turn, instil same in students. He lamented the adverse effects of the global scourge on the educational sector, saying that schools were forced to shut down indefinitely to contain the transmission of the dreaded virus. Abdulraheem expressed gratitude to the state government and other partners for their intervention in the college physical infrastructure and others, describing the development as a new dawn in the institution neglected before the advent of the present administration. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.