Borno State governor, Babagana Zulum, has confirmed the killing of 81 persons by Boko Haram terrorists who invaded Faduma Koloram village in Gubio Local Government Area (LGA), on Tuesday. Also, the village head and six others were said to have been abducted by the terrorists. Zulum disclosed this on Wednesday when he visited the scene of the attack to commiserate with survivors. He said that 13 persons were injured while fleeing the attack, while seven others sustained various degrees of injury. The governor further explained that 49 of the deceased were buried before his arrival, while 32 bodies of the victims had been taken away by their families. Zulum recalled that the terrorists, who attacked Gajiram Local Government Area some months ago, were the same ones who carried out the attack, describing it as “very unfortunate.” The governor said that the only positive option to end the massacre on the vulnerable communities was to dislodge the terrorists in their stronghold, in the shores of Lake Chad. “We have been advocating this for a very long time. The Tumbus and other shores of Lake Chad must be cleared completely, then people will get rest of mind. Anything less than this is a temporary measure. “That requires a lot of support from the Federal Government such as blocking of the leakage from our neighbouring countries by the Multi National Joint Task Force (MNJTF),” he said. Zulum said that the state government on its part would adopt measures to protect the people from further attacks, including merging smaller communities with larger ones, where they could be provided with effective security. “This village from Gubio town is over 35 kilometres. Due to the nature of the vast land, the insurgents can easily sneak into the community to cause havoc. The military can come here and relocate them, but at the end, they may come back,” he said. Modu Gana, a survivor, had earlier told the governor that the community was attacked three times by the terrorists within the last one month. Gana said that the attackers stormed the village in three Hilux vans and motorcycles, telling them that they came to preach the word of God to the people. “They asked us to remove all our charms, cutlasses, bows and arrows as well as other spiritual protection for special prayers. “Immediately we did that, they began shooting at us from different directions, many people escaped with bullet wounds, while seven others, including our village head, were abducted by the terrorists,” he said. Gana said that more than 2,400 livestock had been rustled by the terrorists. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE