 Nigerians have been advised to adopt environment-friendly practices that will preserve biodiversity and ensure man’s survival in the future. President of Environmental Health Scientists Association of Nigeria (EHSAN) said this at an event EHSAN held in collaborationwith Nigeria Network for Action and Awareness for Environmental Health (NINAAFEH), Centre for Sustainable Development(CESDEV) and Environmental Health Sciences Department of the University of Ibadan to celebrate the 2020 World Environment Day which had the theme: “Celebrate Biodiversity.” The event took place at the Centre for Sustainable Development, University of Ibadan on Friday. The event saw academicians from the University of Ibadan gather to share knowledge as they considered the sub-theme: “Biodiversity: Emergence of Invasive Species and Public Health Threat – Is there any link to COVID-19?” Academics from various fields ranging from public health to agriculture made physical and virtual presentations related to the theme. Professor Anawho spoke on the topic, “Biodiversity and Climate Change”in his message to the public said, “We should be friendly with nature. The way we relate with the environment is very poor and we tend to destroy the ecosystem.” The EHSAN president noted that, “Biodiversity enrichment is very important in terms of food production, it aids food security, production of materials for industries and production of drugs. Today, we are talking of production of vaccines for covid-19. Where will it come from? It comes from plant extracts. But if we destroy all the natural plants we have, we will be limiting our search and horizon in terms of the plants that will give us these things. Most of our natural habitats have been destroyed due to encroachment on natural ecosystems. We need to revisit all these things. The UN in times past has clamoured for issues relating to sustainable development. If we destroy the species of today, then we are endangering the survival of tomorrow.” Speaking on the topic, “Importance of Biodiversity in Agriculture” Professor AdetolaJenyo-Oniof the Department of Aquaculture and Fisheries Management, University of Ibadan, defined wetlands as “places where at high tide the water is not more than six metres high.” She added that, “These lands are such that they are able to cleanse water. The wetland area has plants within them and decomposition starts from there. The plants absorb those nutrients and pollutants are no longer available. When the water flows out, it is going away with the pollutants as freshwater. According to Professor Jenyo-Oni, wetlands “act as the sponge of the community. Anywhere you have wetlands, you do not see floods. The water goes into the wetlands and is stored there. When the water table has gone down, wetlands release the water into the environment.” Professor Oni kicked against the destruction of wetlands positing instead that “you can develop around it,” emphasising that that wetlands are the “lungs” of the community. Professor Gbolagade Lameed at the event made a presentation on “Impact of Biodiversity loss on Wild life and Tourism.” In his presentation, the Professor of Wildlife Ecology/Conservation and Environmental Impact Assessment noted that human activities have greatly reduced the biological diversity of the world in various ways including habitat   loss   by   altering   land   for   agriculture, draining of wetlands and deforestation. “Polluting the air, soil and water through indiscriminately using of chemical compounds such as herbicides, insecticides greatly affect biodiversity,” he added. He also noted that “Global Biodiversity Decline (GBD) is a collapse in the number and variety of species on the earth, specifically caused by humans.” To prevent GBD, Professor Lameed suggested the following “actions like setting up nature preserves, promoting recycling, reducing consumption controlling population growth. “Preserving natural resources particularly in areas that retain a high rate of biodiversity is crucial.” Other presentations made at the event include: ProfessorMynepalliSridhar on the topic: ‘WASH: A key hazard reduction technique for pathogenic microflora,’ Dr Oladapo Okareh on‘Impact of Biodiversity on Ecosystems Health,’ Professor Olufunmilayo Fawoleon ‘Emergence of invasive species and public health threat-COVID-19.’ More presentations include Professor Oyedunni Arulogun on ‘Behavioural and Attitudinal change: panacea to healthy living’ and Professor Georgina Odaibo on ‘Biodiversity and proliferation of pathogens.’   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story Growing Hunger Amidst COVID-19-Induced Inflation, Fallen Income In Nigeria
James Oghene, a middle-aged man with two kids is a chef in one of the popular fast foods based in Surulere Lagos. Every day, Mr Oghene spends an average of N1,000 from his Ejigbo residence to and from work, but since February, he has not received a salary. Neighbours are already gossiping about his wife’s weight loss due to… Read full story 2020 UTME: JAMB Holds Policy Meeting On Cut-Off Point June 16 • Says candidates can now print their result notification
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has scheduled to hold the 2020 policy meeting on June 16, 2020, to determine cut-off points for admissions into all tertiary institutions in the country. Tribune Online reports that the Policy Meeting is to be chaired by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu with… Read full story The Making Of Great Companies
No company ever starts out with the intention of failing. Every company hopes to become so great and successful that not only will it yield heart-warming returns to its owners, but will also become a standard for others. But neither greatness nor success responds to wishes; they are a result of doing what is right consistently… Read full story 7 Important Tips For New Leaders
As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place… Read full story Success Of Nigerian Troops, Product Of Buhari’s Knowledge Of War ― Tsav
Recent series of successes recorded by the Nigerian Armed Forces in the fight against terrorism and insurgency have been made possible by President Muhammadu Buhari’s deep knowledge and experience in asymmetric warfare, former Lagos State commissioner of police, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav has said… Read full story Lagos Govt Tasks Supreme Court On Legality Of Virtual Court Hearings
The Lagos State Government has tasked the Supreme Court on the constitutionality of virtual court hearings. Tribune Online reports that Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) and the National Assembly are the respondents in the suit… Read full story Appeal Court President: Buhari Not A Rubber Stamp, Says Presidency
The presidency has dismissed pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Justice Monica S. Dongban-Mensem as President of the Court of Appeal, saying that the president cannot be a rubber stamp in making judicial and other appointments… Read full story There Are Moles In My Government, Umahi Says
Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has openly acknowledged the existence of moles in his government but insisted that his administration had nothing to hide. Tribune Online reports that Umahi’s position is contained in a social media comment posted on Sunday… Read full story Kaduna Disowns Document In Circulation, Says Lockdown Remains
The Kaduna State Government has disowned a document that has been making the rounds, stating that the Quarantine Law has been reviewed and that a 12-hour lockdown is now in place. The fake document claimed that the lockdown is now from 6pm to 6am, and that interstate travel remains banned… Read full story The Killing Of George Floyd
THE death of George Floyd, a 46-year-old African-American in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, in the hands of a team of four white police officers has yet again left dark clouds around the issues of racial equality and justice on the one hand, and concerns about racially charged police brutality and justice in the United States… Read full story