The Managing Director of the Lagos State Signage and Advertisement Agency (LASAA), Prince Adedamola Docemo, has described the advent of the Coronavirus in Nigeriaas having lethal and disruptive impacts on her outdoor advertising space. Speaking at a webinar organised by the Outdoor Advertisers Association of Nigeria (OAAN),  the umbrella body of outdoor advertisers in the country, recently, the LASAA boss noted that the ravaging pandemic had put a further strain on the embattled sector, leading to a further decline in revenue  accruing to the sector. According to Docemo, the last few weeks, especially the period of the lockdown, had witnessed cancellation of existing orders and current campaigns, with many clients opting for a shorter campaign duration; a development he described as negative for the sector. He, however, believed that despite the present lull in the  sector, which recorded a $125million growth in 2019, and boasts of over 100,000 workforce,  it could  still be re-positioned to enable it contribute its own quota to the  nation’s economic growth. One of the strategies, he argued, would be for stakeholders to brace up for the new world the sector is likely to witness, post-COVID. Docemo also argued that some of the old ways of doing business in the sector, such as offline/walk-in application, numerous approvals from state’s regulatory agencies, physical stakeholders engagement would have to change for stakeholders to be able to survive, and be part of the New Normal the industry was likely to witness. Another resource person at the webinar, Mr. AlabaFadero, argued that since the pandemic would change business operations, around the globe, the survival of such businesses would depend strongly on their responses to, and management of, such changes. The Executive Director of MediaReach Nigeria called for a ‘seamless integration’ between outdoor advertisers and their clients, to enable the two explore areas where they could effectively add values to each other’s businesses, amidst a shrinking marketing budget. “Without doubt, the way businesses are run, around the globe will change. But the survival of any business will depend on how such business responds to those changes. “For instance, conversation in this sector must change from ‘what I’m selling, and the number of billboards I have’, to ‘what can we do together to help enhance the fortunes of your business’,” he argued. Explaining the rationale behind the event in his welcome address, the president of the association, Mr Emma Ajufo, stated that the event was organised to prepare members for the changes they likely to experience in the industry, post-COVID. Ajufo argued that the advent of the pandemic would  put paid to some old ways of doing business, adding that it had become imperative for the sector to brace up for the emerging realities, or lose its relevance. “COVID-19 has taught us the need to up our games, as professionals in this sector.  It has taught us the need to brace up for the emerging realities in the sector, since it can no longer be business as usual. And, the fact that we are even having this webinar is an indication that with the coming of COVID-19, it can no longer be business as usual, and practitioners in the sector are gradually bracing up to embrace those changes that are likely to come,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apple Music Appoints Florence Otedola (Aka) DJ Cuppy Its First Radio Show Host In Africa
The biggest company in the world, Apple Music, is launching its first radio show in Africa on Sunday and DJ Cuppy whose real name is Florence Ifeoluwa Otedola is its host. The streaming platform announced Thursday that “Africa Now Radio with Cuppy” will debut Sunday and will feature a mix of contemporary… Read full story 21 Years Of Civil Rule: Gains, Pains And Prospects
MOST Nigerians remain nostalgic about the epochal, extraordinary transformation that was heralded in the defunct Western Region of Nigeria in the First Republic under visionary and dynamic leadership. In just eight years of the pragmatic and purposeful leadership, imbued with vision, the region shocked the… Read full story Economy: Many Miles Crossed, Many Miles Lie Ahead
Politics and economy are entangled. Politics determines the economic direction while the economy determines the strength of the polity. If the economy is ailing, so will be the polity and vice versa. But the interplay between politics and the economy is choreographed by politicians… Read full story COVID-19: We’re Yet To Receive Promised Ventilators From US ― Minister
The Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said the Federal Government is yet to receive the promised ventilators from the United States of America (USA). The minister said this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus (COVID-19) daily news conference… Read full story Sokoto Bandit Attacks: Buhari Orders ‘Fierce’ Military Operation
President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the military to embark of a fierce operation to dislodge bandits terrorising people in Sokoto State. While condoling with families who lost loved ones in an attack by bandits in Sabon Birni Local Government it the state, he prayed for the quick recovery of those that sustained injuries… Read full story COVID-19: Ogun Govt Lifts Lockdown
The Ogun State Government has lifted the lockdown order pronounced on the state, since the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic to combat the spread of the disease from Monday to Friday. This was contained in the address of the State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Thursday, while updating the efforts… Read full story Osinbajo Heads Use Of Toilet Campaign Committee
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday inaugurated the Steering Committee of the “Clean Nigeria: Use the Toilet Campaign,” which he leads as chairman. Tribune Online reports that the committee comes as stakeholders continue to ramp up efforts to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Doctors Refusing To Treat Patients Of Other Ailments Over Fear Of COVID-19, Says PTF
More deaths are being recorded in patients with other ailments because medical institutions in the country are refusing to handle cases because of fear of contracting coronavirus, the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the pandemic has observed… Read full story Malami Explains Why Buhari Signs Executive Orders
The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Thursday, said the Presidential Executive Orders are aimed at complementing existing legislation and ensure inter-agency coordination in the process of implementation… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING