MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power. Though the latest crisis is the continuation of the power struggle in the Villa, particularly as the president’s nephew, Mamman Daura, had engaged in open battle with wife of the president, security sources around the Villa revealed to Sunday Tribune that fear over the safety of the president is the compelling reason the First Lady is determined to fight it out with the entrenched interests in the government who may wish to bring harm to her husband or run down his government. This latest crisis brought out in the open by the First Lady on her verified Twitter handle, @aishambuhari, reported that some people close to the corridors of power had violated the quarantine order and refused to self-isolate to prevent their spreading the novel coronavirus to others in case they have it. Mrs Buhari thereafter revealed that some of the security aides attached to her had been arrested, asking the Inspector General of Police (IGP) to release them, confirming a report by online news medium, SaharaReporters, that a Personal Assistant to the  President, Mr Sabiu Tunde Yusuf, had violated the inter-state movement restrictions and refused entreaties that he should observe the 14-day self-isolation requirement. According to Sunday Tribune sources, the recent tragic death of former Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, especially had created panic among occupants of the Villa, particularly the first family, given the age of President Buhari and the virulent manner COVID-19 is dealing with aged people. The sources stated that all the actions ascribed to Tunde could be traced to Daura as “he is the one controlling and directing him.” “Unfortunately, it is the people who should protect the president, people who come in contact with him that are breaching all safety protocols and putting the life of the president and his family members in danger,” a source told Sunday Tribune. Aisha, it was further learnt, feared there was a plan by the cabal in the government to deliberately endanger the life of the president and his immediate family. “What happened on Thursday should have been avoided if those close to power respect law and order. The First Lady was concerned about her husband, given what we have all witnessed of COVID-19. “Besides, the president’s personal assistant ought to know that his first charge is to protect his principal, the president. His refusal to do that is the crux of the current crisis which appears to have the backing of some individuals in the government,” the source further stated, adding that the undercurrent to it all is the contest for power and control. “Why would the police arrest her aides who only followed her directive that the president’s personal assistant should not be allowed to see her husband without observing the necessary COVID-19 safety measures after his interstate journey?” the source queried, saying that was just a slice of the power play going on that the First Lady is fighting. What has become worrying to the first family, according to the sources,  is that they are aware that some of those in government and close to the president are not working for him, alleging that some of them are planning to bring the government down. “I can tell you that part of the First Lady’s fear is that she is aware that some of those who claimed to be friends of her husband are working for themselves and not for the government. “She is aware that some of them hold meetings and plan on how to bring down the government of Baba. Knowing all this, she must protect her husband at all times, especially now with COVID-19 killing off people across the world,” a source explained.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Aisha Buhari Cries Out Over Detained Aides •Asks IGP not to expose them to COVID-19
Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha on Friday cried out that her staff members were being detained by the police. She did not state the reason for the detention of the aides nor the identities of the detainees. The development came amidst online reports that some of the First Lady’s aides had been arrested on the orders… Read full story Police High Command Keep Mute Over Detention Of Aisha Buhari’s Aides
The Police High Command on Friday night kept mute over the alleged detention of aides of the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari in Abuja. The wife of the President had Twitted about the reality of the deadly coronavirus pandemic ravaging the globe and called… Read full story Edo 2020: Obaseki Has Not Joined Us, Says PDP
THE Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has declared that embattled governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki, has not joined its fold. The opposition party’s declaration came on the heels of Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki ahead of the June 22 governorship primary of the APC to produce its candidate for the September election… Read full story Why I Raped Many Minors, 80-Year-Old Woman —32-Year Old Man Who Was Accused Of Raping 40 Women Confesses
Thirty-two-year old Muhammad Zulfarau Alfa, on Friday admitted raping many minors and an 80-year-old woman in Kano. Zulfarau disclosed that he indulged in the act about one year ago, saying it was not meant for any spiritual purpose but to satisfy his sexual desire… Read full story Obasanjo, In His Book, Recommended Secession Clause In The Constitution —Prof. Akintoye
I think the insecurity is intensifying. It is no longer a matter of people coming from the North to attack the South. They are still doing that. They are still coming. Even with the ban on interstate movement, they are still coming. The Federal Government banned interstate travel but these people are still encouraged and assisted… Read full story Intrigues As Battle For Oniru Stool Shifts To Court
ABOUT a week after the installation of new Kabiyesi for Iruland, a land-rich kingdom in Lagos State, the intrigues before and the judicial unrest after are enough to say it is not yet uhuru for the kingdom in search of peace. The age-long adage which says uneasy lies the head that wears the crown aptly describes the reality confronting… Read full story AfDB: External Investigator Will Find Something Adesina Is Not Even Accused Of —Prof. Bolaji Akinyemi
When the African Development Bank was set up, only African nations were shareholders. It was in 1981 or 1982 when Africans themselves, against the advice of [then] President [Shehu] Shagari of Nigeria, amended their Articles of Association to allow non-Africans to become members. President Shagari warned that they… Read full story Wadume: Military Has Refused To Release Its Men For Trial – Malami
Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has disclosed that military authorities were yet to release soldiers involved in the killing of policemen who went to arrest a notorious kidnapper, Wadume in Adamawa State… Read full story Why Nigeria’s North Central Region Can’t Be Renamed “Middle Belt”
A member of the House of Representatives from Benue State by the name of Kpam Sokpo was reported to have sponsored a bill this week titled “Geo-political Zones of the Federation Bill 2020,” which proposes that the North-Central states of Benue, Kogi, Kwara, Nasarawa, Niger, Plateau, and the Federal… Read full story Risk Of New Lockdowns Rises With Fear Of Second COVID-19 Wave
Fears of a second wave of COVID-19 infections shut six major food markets in Beijing on Friday, while India, which opened up this week, recorded a record daily increase and half a dozen US states said their hospital beds were filling up fast. Health officials worldwide have expressed concerns in recent days that some… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!