Busari Idris Seun, who is popular as Aloma, didn’t believe in miracles until he met popular singer, Davido, who transformed him from poor to posh. With a label to his name, an EP to his credit and job as personal assistant to a music star, he is currently living the life many can only dream of. SEGUN ADEBAYO engaged him on his rise to popularity, life as a celebrity PA, music ambitions and relationship with fellow DMW members, among other issues.  You are known as Davido’s official assistant. How did you become such important part of his life? First, Davido is a not just any celebrity, he’s one of the biggest in Africa and his benevolence is second to none. The story is not a new one. I was celebrating my birthday on social media when he liked my picture. I thought to use the opportunity to buzz him. he responded and asked me to send my account number. To my utmost surprise, I got a one-million-naira credit and he invited me over from there. In no time, I became his personal assistant and that’s how I became a member of the Davido Music Worldwide (DMW) family. I assist him to do certain things that a personal assistant does and more.  Before now, who was Aloma and how has life treated you before you came in contact with Davido? Aloma was a poor boy coming from the hood. I was an aluminium apprentice, a hawker and generally a hustler who harboured some dreams of becoming a footballer. I sold okrika (second-grade clothes), snacks in the neighbourhood of Ikotun. The whole point of hustling is for elevation. Ultimately, I’m happy for where I am today.  What does it mean to be very close to somebody like Davido, who is regarded as one of the richest Nigerians hip hop stars? To be close to be Davido is to have access to things unlimited. I have my own label, Aloma, affiliated with DMW with an artiste signed already to our association. It’s no longer news because it made the news, I am a Lekki landlord with vehicles at my disposal. Davido’s philanthropy is legendary and it rubs off on every member of DMW. Overall, everything is God’s doing and grace.  You have been able to build your brand too being a part of the DMW family but have you been signed to the label now? I’m not signed to DMW but I have my own record label which is affiliated with DMW. We have an artiste, Lil Frosh, that we manage together and on the side, there is also Alotech on the side.  Being a musician who has to create music and entertain your fans and also seeing to the affairs of Davido, how have you been coping with the two? Davido is very free. He gives room for everyone to express themselves and engage in personal development. While I am committed to overseeing his affairs, he would sometimes leave the studio for us to record. At what point in your life did music begin to make sense to you? I would say the year 2014.  Have you ever thought about music as a way of life or it was just something that started accidentally? It happened accidentally. Just like the miracle of Davido in my life, my passion for music was born out of my time with the DMW family. With the like Davido, Mayorkun and others, music would definitely appeal to me. I am happy to be on the music path now as well as the achievements in the little time.  With the number of artistes on DMW already, how do you intend to break even and not clash with others? We are all family and we do our things in love. There is no cause to clash with one another.  You seem to be having everything going smoothly for your life now. Would you say you are currently living your dreams? I couldn’t have seen this coming some years back. So, yes, this is like the best life and I’m living my dreams.  You have a new EP out there that is banging and doing well, what brought about the EP? Music is like the language around here. You just must catch the vibe. My EP was inspired by the atmosphere here, my new found love for music.  In short, let me just say good vibes and positivity.  What’s the greatest feeling for you as a personal assistant or as musician that is creating something for himself and career? Well, one thing led to another. Being a PA to world renowned musician is no ordinary feat. Sometimes, people even call me his houseboy, I don’t care at this point because trust me, being Davido’s PA is better than being a bank manager. To get the opportunity to also advance one’s music career is like icing on the cake. For me, the two are a blessing, not a feeling.  Tell us about your growing up and how it has shaped your current dealings I grew up and schooled in Ikotun. It was very hard growing up in the hood but I thank God I met David. That changed everything in my life. I didn’t believe in miracles until I met him. Also, I have been able to leverage on the aluminium business I once ventured into to found Alotech.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story Gender-Based Violence, Rape Dent On Our Collective Humanity, Dignity —Osinbajo
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo says gender-based violence, rape and sexual assaults are blemishes on the collective humanity and dignity of Nigerians as a people and a nation. Osinbajo expressed his displeasure on Friday in Abuja while addressing a virtual meeting of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), on the… Read Full Story Domestic Violence Called Verbal Abuse In Marriage
LET me open this write up with this extract from a post I got through an elderly man on a WhatsApp platform last week. It is the provoking thought for this write up. “Everybody is hung up on domestic abuse by men against women. Nobody spares a moment to find solutions to the equally devastating verbal abuse men suffer… Read Full Story Bauchi Denies ICPC Claim Of Seized Land Linked To Governor Bala Mohammed
Bauchi State Government has described as baseless and untrue as well as total falsehood the recent publication by ICPC that it has uncovered and seized a plot of land in Abuja linked to Governor Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir. In a statement by Mukhtar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the… Read Full Story CNG Suspends Planned Protests In Other Northern States
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has said it has suspended its planned protests in other states slated for Saturday. In a statement issued by CNG image-maker, Abdul-azeez Suleiman remarked that having consulted widely and recounting the gains gathered during the protest in Katsina and Niger… Read Full Story PDP Shifts Edo Primary Till Thursday, June 25
As the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has granted a waiver to Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki to contest the Edo governorship election primary on a new date of June 25 two days later than it has earlier announced… Read Full Story Honour All Agreements, Saraki Appeals To PDP Stakeholders
Immediate past President of the Senate Olusola Saraki on Friday enjoined party leaders and all stakeholders who played one role or the other in wooing Obaseki to the Peoples Democratic Party to thread the path of honour and stick to agreements… Read Full Story Eye Exams For Babies: Why They’re Important
FOR Iveren, after a very long wait to conceive, gave birth prematurely to baby Precious. Unfortunately, because she refused to have Precious examined soon during the critical four weeks after birth, owing to ignorance, Precious subsequently became blind from Retinopathy of Prematurity… Read Full Story WHO Accepts Nigeria’s Wild Polio Virus Free Documentation
The proposed certification of Nigeria as a polio-free country in August this year is gradually becoming a reality. The indication was given by the Chairman of the African Regional Commission for Certification of Polio Eradication (ARCC), an organ of the World Health Organization (WHO), Professor Rose Leke, in a meeting with… Read Full Story Backstory Behind Aisha Buhari’s Gunfight
By now, most people have read the story of the scuffle that occurred between Mrs. Aisha Buhari, her children, and her security aides on one hand and Sabi’u “Tunde” Yusuf, son of Buhari’s niece who also works as his private secretary, on the other hand, which caused Aisha’s ADC to shoot at Sabiu inside the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!