The Youth Enlightenment Empowerment and Self Sustainability Initiative (YEESSI) and Nigeria Diaspora Movement (NDM) have collaborated to sensitise the general public on the measures needed to prevent themselves from contracting the pandemic coronavirus. The organizations, which took the sensitisation to the suburb of Ibadan in Oyo State do not only teach the citizens on how to protect themselves from the virus but also distributed hand sanitizers and face masks to the people. Speaking on the sensitisation programme, the Chairman YESSI, Mr Kazeem Ojoye said the coronavirus outbreak have had a tremendous impact on the society and that the collaboration with the NDM is geared towards sensitising Nigerians about the dangers of coronavirus, steps to reduce its spread and how to prevent the infections. “YEESSI, as an NGO committed to empowerment and enlightenment drives, feels a pertinent need to sensitize Nigerians about the dangers of coronavirus, steps to reduce its spread and how to prevent the infections. “YEESSI, in collaboration with the NDM (registered in Nigeria as WAO) has commenced the distribution of hand sanitizers along with informing Nigerians, the most vulnerable masses in particular, on the dangers of trivializing infection with the virus. “We promote information on the need for proper hygiene practices at this time in addition to distributions of facemasks to the masses,” he said. He further said that the organisation has not only produced locally-made hand sanitizers for the people but has also launched a website for the effective sensitisation of the people. “We also announced the launch of a new online platform, www.stopcovid19.com.ng, which provides relevant information and sensitization on the coronavirus pandemic. “We truly hope these efforts will go a long way in addressing the many questions on the minds of Nigerians about the virus. We also seek to use the platform to amplify important information and updates from verified authorities about the Covid-19 pandemic situation,” he said. The Chairman of NDM, Prof Apollos Nwauwa, added that COVID-19 is a serious pandemic that is menacingly ravaging all parts of the world, and Nigerian Diaspora Movement (NDM) cannot sit back and watch helplessly as the disease takes its toll on our country, Nigeria. “We have taken some steps such as the production and distribution of hand sanitizers free of charge to Nigerians as well as enlightenment campaigns on how to prevent the spread of the disease,” he said. He further noted that the organisation is working on a solution-based paper on an Afrocentric approach to the lockdown “The movement is currently working on a solution-based paper on an Afrocentric approach to COVID-19 lockdown, which will soon be submitted to the Nigerian government for consideration for implementation, instead of the European/American total lockdown method that has proven unfeasible in the African context,” he noted. Meanwhile, the two organisations have also presented the locally-made hand sanitizers to the Chairman & CEO of the Nigerian Diaspora Commission (NidCom), Hon Abike Dabiri-Erewa.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story Lagos Begins Symbolic Pupils’ Enrollment For 2020/2021 Session
THE Lagos State government has begun symbolic enrollment of pupils into early childhood care and development class in public schools in the state. Chairman of the state’s Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, performed the symbolic registration as part of activities to mark this year’s Children’s Day… Read full story Cleanup Starts At 57 Sites In Ogoni Land ― Minister
The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Abubakar, says no fewer than 57 sites at Ogoni land in Rivers are being cleaned up currently. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with State House correspondents on Wednesday in Abuja, saying that he had presented a report on the ministry’s mandate to a meeting of the… Read full story COVID-19: NCoS Reopens Custodial Centres For Admission Of Inmates
The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) announced the reopening of Custodial Centres to admit all categories of inmates. Controller General of Corrections, Ja’afaru Ahmed, who ordered the reopening of the Custodial Centres, on Wednesday, in Abuja, said the action became imperative to enhance access to justice and… Read full story Community Policing Takes Off In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday inaugurated the State Community Policing Advisory Committee (SCPAC) and its operations arm, State Community Policing Committee (SCPC), aimed at improving security in all communities across the state… Read full story Auxiliary, Oyo Park Managers Sign Undertaking Against Drivers’ Harassment, Fake Ticketing
Aimed at curtailing their reported excesses, park managers in Oyo State, on Wednesday, were made to sign an undertaking binding them to adhere to stipulated rules of engagement or face disciplinary measures. As contained in the letter of undertaking, signed at the state secretariat, Ibadan, the park managers are not to engage… Read full story Ibuprofen Tested As Coronavirus Treatment
Scientists are running a trial to see if ibuprofen can help hospital patients who are sick with coronavirus. According to a BBC report, the team from London’s Guy’s and St Thomas’ hospital and King’s College believe the drug, which is an anti-inflammatory as well as a painkiller, could treat breathing difficulties… Read full story There Is Nothing As ‘State Of Osun’, Court Insists
Justice Mathias Agboola of the Osun State High Court on Wednesday insisted that legally and constitutionally there is nothing called “State of Osun”. He declared that under the Nigerian constitution, only Osun State exists. Delivering judgment in Osogbo in a suit filed by a human rights activist, Barrister Kanmi Ajibola against… Read full story Osun Governor Okays Reopening Of Churches, Mosques For Two Weeks
Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Wednesday held separate meetings with Christian and Muslim leaders in the state on guidelines for reopening of churches and mosques across the state for two weeks. He disclosed that the decision to reopen worship centres partially was in response to the request by religious… Read full story You Have No Right To Disconnect Customers Without Written Notice, Court Tells IBEDC
An Osun State High Court sitting in Osogbo on Wednesday declared that Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has no constitutional right to disconnect customers’ electricity without written notice. In a suit filed against IBEDC by two lawyers, Mr Kanmi Ajibola and Mr Olayinka Sokoya, who were the former chairman… Read full story PHOTOS: Moment Orji Uzor Kalu Left Kuje Correctional Centre
The Federal High Court in Lagos released a former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu, from prison on Tuesday. Former governor Kalu was jailed for 12 years on December 5, 2019, after he was convicted of N7.1bn fraud alongside a former Director of Finance at the Abia State Government House, Jones Udeogu… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For Vera Omozuwa
Even going by the dastardly details of rape cases, the story of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa is unusually brutal. According to reports, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin, Edo State, was raped and killed inside the Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, a branch of the Redeemed Christian Church of God located in Ikpoba Hill, Benin City, where she had gone to study on May 27. It is doubtful that even the Nobel Laureate, T.S Eliot… Read full story