Two people have reportedly lost their lives in Azare, headquarters of Katagum LGA in Bauchi State following a fire outbreak. Reports have it that the incident occurred at about 3 am on Friday when a petrol tanker exploded shortly after it had offloaded its contents at a filling station in the town. A source told our correspondent that the tanker was going out of the town when a live electricity wire fell on it causing it to explode, a development that caused confusion in the town forcing people to rush out of their homes for safety. The incident was said to have occurred at the First Bank roundabout along the General Hospital Road within the Azare town known to be a busy area of the town. It was in the process of scampering for safety that the two people, who were trapped in the tanker, believed to be the driver and his motor boy were burnt to death. Their bodies were later evacuated and deposited at the General Hospital morgue. When contacted, Bauchi State Police Command through its PPRO, DSP Ahmed Wakili, confirmed the incident but said that the information he had as of the time of filing this report was very scanty, promising to get in touch with the Area Command in Azare for more details. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story Heartburn While Lying Down
Heartburn occurs as a result of food and acid leaking from the stomach up into the food pipe, or esophagus. Common causes of heartburn while lying down include, consuming particular foods, eating too close to bedtime, and taking certain prescription medications. Heartburn while lying down may also be a sign of… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.