The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Governors’ Forum, on Saturday debunked claims that about 10 governors, elected under its platform, were set to defect to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The Director-General of the forum, Mr C.I.D. Maduabum, in a statement issued in Abuja, said there was no attraction whatsoever for any PDP member, let alone a governor, to defect to the APC. Maduabum described the claim by Gov Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, in an interview on a television programme on Friday night, as unfounded. He said that Bello’s statement did not merit any response, but for the fact that it might demoralise some PDP members and Nigerians, who were not aware of the facts. Maduabum said it was obvious that the claim was a diversionary tactic to shore up the ruling party’s loss of yet another state governor, Godwin Obaseki of Edo, to the PDP. “The PDP Governors, under the leadership of Gov Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State, are very focused on delivering good governance and the benefits of democracy to their respective states and working tirelessly to strengthen and reposition the party. “There is no attraction whatsoever for any PDP member, not to talk of a PDP governor to join the APC.” Maduabum advised Bello to concentrate on providing good governance to the people of Kogi State. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story Heartburn While Lying Down
Heartburn occurs as a result of food and acid leaking from the stomach up into the food pipe, or esophagus. Common causes of heartburn while lying down include, consuming particular foods, eating too close to bedtime, and taking certain prescription medications. Heartburn while lying down may also be a sign of… Read Full story Kidnap: Gunmen Abduct Nine Passengers In Ondo
Gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen on Friday evening abducted nine passengers aboard an Abuja bound vehicle. The driver of the Sienna Toyota bus heading to Abuja from Lagos was stopped by the gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen in Isua Akoko in Akoko Northeast Local Government Area of Ondo state… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.