Tunde Aderemi Ibrahim, popularly known as TundeBuremo is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of LoadNG Automated Systems, a Nigeria-based cryptocurrency company expanding its reach in Nigeria and other African countries. In this interview with NIYI OYEDEJI, he speaks about the possible positive impacts of the blockchain technology on Nigeria’s fintech industry.  What is your business about? I am Tunde Aderemi, the Lead Developer and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of LoadNG Automated Systems. LoadNG is Nigeria’s first fully automated cryptocurrency buying system which enables its users to exchange Bitcoin, Ethereum for local currency, thereby affording them to spend their digital assets just the way they’d like to. You can exchange BTC for Naira through our website and mobile applications on Google Playstore as well as IOS app store. LoadNG is the most automated way of selling Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in Nigeria.  How did it all start and what inspired you? There has been a gap between cryptocurrencies and fiat currency with respect to ease of spending, more worrisome was the challenge Nigerian creatives and freelancers were facing in getting paid for freelance jobs done for clients abroad. This challenge was experienced first-hand by myself after I finished a web development gig for a client in the United states of America.He was to pay me $500 at that time, so he went to make the transfer directly through a Bitcoin ATM to my Bitcoin wallet, to my greatest surprise, more than $100 which amounts to 20 per cent had been deducted as charge. I was very discouraged until I was presented with another challenge of converting the already reduced Bitcoin to Naira. I lost the hard-earned coin eventually to scammers on the internet.Immediately I felt the pain a whole lot of other freelancers must have been facing in the hands of scammers and price volatility of cryptocurrencies as a medium of exchange of financial value.As a tech entrepreneur, I decided I was going to change the narrative forever.That was when the development of LoadNG began years back.  Tell us about the Blockchain Technology and its prospect in Nigeria. Firstly, I’d like to correct the impression that Blockchain Technology is all about cryptocurrencies. It’s far more than that. A Blockchain is a decentralised ledger of all transactions across a peer-to-peer network. Using this technology, participants can confirm transactions without a need for a central clearing authority. The blockchain technology can be integrated to power almost everything in modern-day finance technology.Some of the areas where the blockchain technology have been utilised successfully includes fund transfers, settling trades, voting, and so on. Blockchain is the technology that enables the existence of cryptocurrency, among other things. Bitcoin is the name of the best-known cryptocurrency (the one for which blockchain technology was invented) as there are other cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, Litecoin to mention a few. A cryptocurrency is a digital medium of exchange that uses encryption techniques to control the creation of monetary units and to verify the transfer of funds from one block to the other on the chain (which makes blockchain to be literally just a chain of blocks).However,Blockchain Technology is the technology that powers the Bitcoin network and not versa.  Being an emerging sector in Nigeria and Africa, how impactful has LoadNG been in changing the narrative in Nigeria? LoadNG, since inception has been able to live to its mission, which is to bridge the gap between cryptocurrencies and fiat currency in Africa.The aim is to give the same spending privileges to cryptocurrencies in such a way that enables holders of the digital assets to convert the value they have to their local currency without breaking a sweat, and this comes at several costs especially with the numerous positive impacts the solution has on making life easier for stakeholders in Nigeria’s freelance industry. LoadNG right now is one of the largest exchanges in the country with its unique solution, more interesting is the level of automation the system works with, and we are glad to keep growing, thanks to the support of a great community and awesome users who love our services for its automation, speed and support.  What government policies do you think need to be changed or put in place for LoadNG similar start-ups to thrive in Nigeria? The present landscape in Nigeria has given us the opportunity as a registered company to contribute to the growth of the overall economy. However, it’d be great to see the Central Bank of Nigeria come up with formal regulations and policies around the cryptocurrency niche, as it could be used as a vital tool to promote the present government’s cashless policy. Also, the nation should explore opportunities in taking a frontal role in the adoption of its own Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC), which is the digital form of fiat money as a high security digital instrument with technological efficiency as one of the major advantages.  How do you think the blockchain technology can positively impact Nigeria’s Fintech Industry? The Finance Technology (Fintech) industry in Nigeria is taking great shape with the inception of solutions like ours and other fantastic solutions, but can do better if powered by Blockchain Technology.Increased transparency, accurate tracking, permanent ledger and cost/fee reduction are just some of the proven benefits of utilising the Blockchain Technology in Fintech solutions. From a business perspective, it’s helpful to think of Blockchain Technology as a type of next-generation business process improvement software. Financial institutions in Nigeria and Africa at large should explore how they could also use Blockchain Technology to upend their business processes. For example, at LoadNG, we have a bills payment solution fully integrated into our system which enables users to use their converted cryptocurrency to pay everyday bills.We have also ensured that aside selling PaxfulBitcoin, Blockchain Bitcoin or Bitcoin from other wallets on LoadNG, users can now exchange other cryptos like Ethereum for Naira on LoadNGwith the same full automation scope which means a user sells and receives payment automatically in a fully automated system. With tons of other features on our system, we are certain of leading Africa’s finance technology space in the race for complete utilisation of Blockchain technology.  What advice do you have for crypto enthusiasts and investors in Nigeria? Nigeria is a country with great youthful population.This means Nigeria is a country with a lot of cryptocurrency enthusiasts ranging from people who receive cryptocurrency as a means of payment to those who use crypto as an exchange of monetary value. It’s high time cryptocurrency enthusiasts, as well as investors, started seeing the Blockchain Technology, not only for its cryptocurrency prospects, but also as a tool to solve problems in different sectors of the nation’s economy.  What would you say to young entrepreneurs in Nigeria? I’d advice fellow entrepreneurs in tech to make certain that they are the best in whatever they do globally.It takes a lot of time, but with the right attitude towards learning with a lot of perseverance and consistency, you’ll be rewarded. As a company inspired by creativity and innovation, we have also started a LoadNG Talent Hunt, where we seek to reward creatives in Nigeria in this rather challenging time.The scheme’s maiden version 1.0 flagged off in May, 2020 in a bid to reward graphic designers in an online contest. Entrepreneurship is never a smooth ride. It really entails being futuristic in one’s thought.You don’t have to do it the same way others are doing it.As an entrepreneur, you owe yourself the basic truth, do not allow emotions or what people would say cloud your judgments. Also, very importantly, I would like to sound a wakeup call to youths in terms of proffering solutions to problems they can identify in a bid to contribute their own little quota to the all-round development of our great country, Nigeria.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Northern Elders Forum Mere Irritant, Featherweight ― Presidency
The presidency on Sunday described the Northern Elders Forum (NEF) as a mere irritant and a featherweight following the position the group took on the worsening insecurity in the north. The presidency was reacting to a statement Sunday signed by the group’s convener, Prof. Ango Abdullahi, which alleged that the insecurity… Read full story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 403 New Cases, Total Now 16,085
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 403 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 16,085… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Why Black Lives Cannot Matter
The white world has, in recent weeks, been assisting in reevaluating black lives. They’ve joined blacks to shout ‘Black Lives Matter’ as the world agonises over deadly racism abroad. But how much of value do the blacks place on their own lives, especially in Africa? Is it the destiny of the black man to suffer and be pitied from eternity… Read full story Insecurity: North Set For Protest On Tuesday
Disturbed by the incessant killings in the North, the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has concluded arrangements to stage a protest on Tuesday. This was contained in a statement issued to newsmen in Kaduna on Sunday and signed by the spokesman of the group, Abdulazeez Suleiman… Read full story Wike Hosts Obaseki In Closed-Door Meeting
Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike on Sunday hosted his embattled Edo State counterpart, Godwin Obaseki in a secret meeting at the Government House Port Harcourt. No details were revealed about deliberations between the two governors from the South-South region of the country, but it must not be unconnected… Read full story Reconsider Decision On SON, NAFDAC’s Ban From Nation’s Ports, Land Borders —House Of Reps Urges FG
The House of Representatives has urged the federal government to reconsider its decision to disallow the nation’s regulatory agencies, Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) and National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), from operating at the nation’s ports and land borders… Read full story Post COVID-19 Economy: Considering Unclaimed Monies In Banks As Temporary Source Of Revenue
Although the guideline released by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) with effect from October 7, 2015 for management of dormant and inactive accounts has been in operation, Deposit Money… Read full story Subsidy Removal: We Won’t Be Used As Bait To Impose New Price Regime —Wabba
We have clearly made the point because the information we have is that last week after they paid the so-called arrears of subsidy, which some newspapers captured as almost N168 billion, they also gave the information that marketer would now start the importation of refined products. The marketers, on the other hand… Read full story Oshiomhole Must Be Stopped From Gifting Edo To Opposition —APC Publicity Secretary
There is really no major crisis in the party. We just have a man at the helm of affairs at the national level that is power drunk and irrational in his thinking. I say this with every sense of respect to his position. We are very mindful of the health and wellbeing of our people, knowing that the office of the governor is not worth the… Read full story FG Working To Use Plasma From Recovered COVID-19 Patients’ Blood For Treatment
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Sunday said the Federal Government is working on a research which aims to use plasma from the blood of recovered coronavirus (COVID-19) patients to treat other infected persons. Tribune Online reports that Ehanire said this while answering questions from journalists in Abuja on… Read full story Leadership Bytes From Edo
When Adams Oshiomole was jumping up and down campaigning for Godwin Obaseki in 2016 to succeed him as governor in Edo State, no one could have imagined that the relationship between him and his protégé would be headed south shortly thereafter. Obaseki was Chairman of the Edo State Economic and Strategy… Read full story EDITORIAL: UN’s Dire Forecast On Job Losses
LAST week, in a widely circulated official statement, Elisabeth Byers, Senior Spokesperson of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), issued a grim forecast for the Nigerian labour market that the Federal Government and authorities at various levels will do well to take to heart. Pointing to relevant UN data… Read full story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Power Of Quotes
Richard Branson abandoned schooling to become an entrepreneur in 1966. He started with Student Magazine, which he had hoped would become his generation’s voice. Despite the general acceptance of the magazine, it didn’t make as much money as he had envisaged. Consequently, the budding entrepreneur ran into… Read full story  QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!