The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Monday explained that compared to other countries with similar climatic characteristics, the mortality rate of the virus is low due to the age bracket of most of those infected with the virus. Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this after he led his team to brief President Muhammadu Buhari on the progress of the national response to the COVID-19 pandemic at the presidential villa, Abuja on Monday. Speaking to state house correspondents, he said 80% of COVID-19 infections were in the age bracket of 31 to 40 years, which he described as a very active part of the population. According to him, even when they are infected with COVID-19, they are able to surmount it because of their level of energy. ALSO READ: Court strikes out certificate forgery suit against Obaseki However, he added that the PTF was worried about the remaining 20% as he said nobody knows who may become a victim of COVID-19 among them. Therefore, he said, everything is being done to protect the vulnerable such as the elderly and those with underlying illnesses from COVID-19. He also hinted that the government may introduce precision lockdown for pinpoint management of COVID-19 hotspots. According to him, 18 out of the 774 local governments in the country have been identified as responsible for 60% of the confirmed COVID-19 cases in the country. He added that the reason for the precision lockdown will be to place specific measures in certain places especially by state governments to enable aggressive testing for the disease and management. Details soon… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE MONDAY LINES: Ajimobi And Abuja’s One-Way Tickets
It will remain true forever that on the day of death, there is no medicine. Bolaji Tunji, Senator Abiola Ajimobi’s spokesman, said his boss took all the precautions of these malevolent times: He washed his hands, watched his steps, wore face masks and stayed safe. Then a small plane came to pick him in Ibadan for a… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!