DELTA State students, under the aegis of the National Association of Delta State Students, have called for the reopening of schools nationwide despite the challenges posed by COVID-19. The president of the association, Mr Godwin Saturday, said since markets, churches and mosques have been reopened by the various state governments, there is also the need for schools to resume for academic work. Addressing a press conference in Asaba, Mr Saturday, who was flanked by some of the executives of the association, said students were tired of staying at home and that both federal and state governments should expedite action by cleaning up schools in readiness for immediate resumption. “We hope that this crisis will be somehow resolved and our schools reopened so that we will be able to return to finish the year,” he said. The association also commended the Delta State governor, Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa, and his team for their dogged fight against COVID-19 as well as for their efforts to bring prosperity to the people of the state despite the challenges. The students passed a vote of confidence on the state’s Commissioner for Higher Education, Professor Patrick Muoboghare, following the intervention of the governor in resolving the impasse between them. They had accused the commissioner of high-handedness in handling issues affecting students in the state and had given a 14-day ultimatum to the governor to either remove or deploy the commissioner to another ministry. “With all issues reviewed and resolved, the association therefore lifts the no-confidence vote on the Commissioner for Higher Education as we forge a new front with the ministry,” the student leader said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.