Board Member, Lagos State Security Trust Fund (LSSTF), Dr Ayo Ogunsan, has said the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-olu, is a model and mentor for the younger generation. In a congratulatory birthday message, titled “A Heartfelt Birthday Message to an Illustrious Governor”, to Sanwo-Olu, who clocks 55 years old today, Thursday, Ogunsan said the governor has displayed exemplary leadership and selflessness in public service. “On this red-lettered celebration of your 55th birthday, I write to wish you the best of birthdays and to thank you for your selfless service to our dear state. “Your birthday reminds of our how lucky we are as Lagosians to have been blessed by God with a goodhearted person for a leader with the best interest of the people at heart. Your effervescence and dexterity in governance remain unparalleled. Thank you for your selflessness and leadership style which means so much to Lagos and Lagosians. “A graduate of the University of Lagos, London Business School, Lagos Business School and the John F. Kennedy School of Government cannot but make one proud, as your impact is felt in all facets of the state, today. “Here is a great model and mentor to the younger generation; a fantastic leader whose career path and experience are deeply rooted in banking and public service, having held sway as Managing Director/CEO of the Lagos State Development and Property Corporation (LSDPC) before emerging as the governor. “Stakeholders in government and even the private sector can attest to your exemplary disposition geared towards creating an enabling environment for businessmen and investors. “We are delighted to mark this special day with you. You have been an inspiration to us and future generations. Through your thoughtful and visionary administration, predicated on your T.H.E.M.E.S. agenda, you have had a positive impact on all quarters of the state,” he said. Wishing the governor well as he marks his special day, Ogunsan added, “Today, I join millions of others in Lagos, Nigeria and all over the world to wish you a fabulous birthday. You are a truly someone whose name deserves to be inscribed in gold. You have no idea of the multitudes of lives you touch every minute that passes by. You are a monumental blessing to many of us, as you continue to inspire as you aspire to give your best in all that you do. “I am fortunate to know someone as extraordinary as you, as my admiration for you is to the high heavens. May you forever keep making giant strides in life. Your success bears testament that life doesn’t bless you with what you wish for, but rather what you work for. I greatly admire your work ethics. “Having taken up the daunting task of governing a metropolitan state like ours, you have displayed hard work, diligence, resilience and dauntlessness in administration. Thank you for everything you do. “As a resourceful and relentless team lead, may I bring it to your notice that we recognise your labour of love as we celebrate you and hope for many more years of your stay on earth, for the good of humanity. “Thanks for being a valuable asset and a huge blessing to humanity. I hope you get to take a short break to celebrate your birthday. May you be graced with many more years filled with sound health, peace and joy.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story LAWMA Highway Sweepers Down Tools Over Unpaid Three Months Salary 
The Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) highway sweepers have embarked on strike over the non-payment of their three months salaries… Read Full Story Reviewing Oil And Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment) Bill
On December 18, 2019, the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act (Amendment Bill 2020) was read for the second time in the Senate. Leading the debate on the Bill on May 19, during its second reading, sponsor of the bill, Teslim Folarin, explained that it seeks to amend 38 sections of the extant Act while… Read Full Story Police Rescue 300 Workers Locked Inside Kano Rice Factory
The Nigeria Police force has rescued 300 people they say were locked in a rice-processing factory and forced to work throughout a coronavirus lockdown BBC reports… Read Full Story How To Be A Successful Young Woman
EVERY young woman wants to be a success in her personal and professional lives. But the path to success can be tricky and navigating it requires that you be proactive in several aspects of your life. But with some dedication and by following some key tips, you will pave the way to personal and professional success… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.