In the early hours of May 2, this year, the internet went agog when a popular blog announced the purported death of veteran actor, Gbolagade Akinpelu, popularly known as Ogun Majek, who was at that time battling a serious illness related to the heart. This raised tension and elicited several reactions from filmmakers and movie lovers who are familiar with the Yoruba movie icon. It did not take too much time before actors and actresses took to their social media platforms to debunk the rumor and describe it as disappointing and unfortunate. Actress, Foluke Daramola, who is known for her support for veteran movie stars who are ageing and need one assistance or the other, via her NGO Para Africa, in a disclaimer, posted: “Let’s be guided please, this has been brought to my notice and it is so unfortunate. When I saw the news I was so disappointed and I am still disappointed in the blog and please I will appreciate a retraction on this…” On the 3rd of May, the late Majek in a video which was shared online by a fellow actor, spoke himself and said he was alive and that, though he was ill and was suffering from a serious ailment, he was very much alive and receiving treatment. The Actor who had earlier called out on everyone for help as his health was deteriorating, thanked those who have contributed to support his treatment and also asked for the public’s prayers to survive the ailment. Eight weeks after the said rumour and several months after battling death, the veteran actor kicked the bucket, as he was reported to have died in the early hours of Thursday, June 25 in his Imalefalafia residence in Ibadan, the capital city of Oyo State. Presidents of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practioners (ANTP) and Theater Arts and Motion Pictures Practitioners Association of Nigerian (TAMPAN), Adewale Elesho and Bolaji Amusan (Mr Latin) have both confirmed his death and described it as saddening. “It is so sad that he died after struggling with this strange illness. I will just join both members of ANTP and TAMPAN globally and member of the public in morning this great icon. He was a very gentle person, among every one of us, Ogun was very gentle and he was not a troublesome person. I can only pray that may his gentle soul rest in peace and that those of us who he left behind continue to enjoy God’s protection,” ANTP president, Adewale Elesho told Saturday Tribune. Ogun Majek was prominent among in life time for his fluency in Yoruba language, rich usage of the African proverbs and wise saying, which was evident in the way he interprets his roles, featured in over 100 movies and has joined the numerous veterans who have died in the Nigerian movie industry this year. May his soul rest in peace.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Authorises Giadom To Proceed With APC NEC Meeting
A High Court of Justice sitting in Jos, Plateau State, has granted an Order compelling the Acting National Chairman of APC, Chief Victor Giadom, to proceed with the NEC meeting fixed for Thursday, June 25th, 2020… Read Full Story APC NEC: Buhari Was Ill-Advised, Says Ajimobi Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi faction of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has said that its faction of the National Working Committee will not participate in the National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting… Read Full Story Fayemi Denies Taking Giadom To Buhari
The Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has denied media reports that he took the acting national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Victor Giadom, to the Presidential Villa to meet President Buhari… Read Full Story Nigerian High Commission Showed Us Land Documents, Says Ghanaian Foreign Minister
Staff of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra have produced documents to prove that the government of Nigeria owns the land where security operatives partly demolished a building last Friday… Read Full Story Ghana Offers To Rebuild Nigeria’s Demolished Building
The Ghanaian government has offered to rebuild the structure belonging to the Nigerian High Commission which was demolished by some unknown people on Friday, June 19… Read Full Story We Are Ready For Any Future Epidemic — Oyo Govt
THE Oyo State government said its response to the COVID-19 pandemic has helped the state to overhaul its emergency response system and ensure it has in place permanent structures to tackle any… Read Full Story Reps To Probe Federal Ministry Of Water Resources Over ₦343m Expenditure Without Vouchers
The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to carry out a comprehensive investigation into how the sum of N343 million spent by the Ministry of Water Resources and for what projects as well as why the Ministry refused to give the vouchers covering the amount to the Auditor General for audit… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Influx Of Foreign Herdsmen
LAST Tuesday, the House of Representatives called on the Federal Government to prevent herdsmen in other countries from entering Nigeria. Consequently, the House scheduled a meeting with the heads of security agencies in the country on how to checkmate illegal entry by foreign herders. The Green Chamber’s resolution followed… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.