Ahead of the official defection of Ondo State deputy governor, Hon. Agboola Ajayi, to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday, the friction between him and the governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu took a new dimension on Saturday, as Ajayi was not allowed to move out of the Government House. Agboola who was billed to commence his defection to PDP from his ward in Kiribo was billed to officially obtain his membership card from PDP today in his country home but was prevented from moving out of the Government House. Security operatives who claimed to be acting on the order of the State Commissioner of Police, Mr Bolaji Salami, blocked the way to prevent the Deputy Governor’s official pilot vehicle from moving from his residence. The Commissioner of Police, Salami who also appeared at the Government House was seen in a video trying to explain to the Deputy Governor the reasons behind the action. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Rivers govt locks down Bonny, Onne communities However, Ajayi was seen in the video arguing with the Police Commissioner while he was said to be held for over four hours. The CP appealed to the Deputy Governor to come back on Sunday if he wants to remove any of his vehicle outside the government premises. Ajayi, however, insisted that he would not leave the gate back to his official quarters unless they allow him to remove his official and personal vehicles out of the Government House. The two gates to the government’s house were under lock and key while stern-looking policemen were positioned at the gate to prevent the Deputy Governor from leaving the premises. The Deputy Governor, however, said he wanted to remove his official vehicles out of the Government House because he no longer feels secure in the premises. He explained that arrangement had been concluded with some political thugs to attack him and vandalise his property at the government house once he declared for the rival political party. The Commissioner of Police, however,  said his office had been briefed about the defection but argued that Ajayi cannot dump APC and with APC’s vehicles. He said “we are not saying you should not go out. Since you are defecting, even your letter was brought to me in my office this evening that you are doing it (decamping) on Monday. “What the government is saying is that you cannot go out with official vehicles. This is politics, I am not saying it is right. this is a government house, the governor is the one talking, give me a few minutes, let me talk to my boss.” However, speaking with newsmen, the Deputy Governor expressed disappointed with the conduct of the Commissioner of Police and the men posted to the Government House. He said the conduct of the police boss is unbecoming of a senior police officer. See the video:  Ajayi said “I have tried all constitutional and acceptable means to prevent this crisis. You are being used by the governor to deprive me of my constitutional right, I am highly disappointed that a policeman of your calibre can be used like this. “I personally paid for this vehicle. You should not have put yourself in this mess. Let me tell you, you cannot repeat what happened in this state in 1983 because Ondo State people will resist you and you and your emperor with everything.” When contacted,  the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Tee Leo-Ikoro said he was not aware of such development but promised to get back. Details later… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!