As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place, younger, less experienced employees will likely get promoted to leadership roles. Here’s my advice for these up-and-coming new leaders.  The best leaders are committed to their values, and they use them as their primary decision-making criteria. Start by identifying your personal purpose and your top three to five values. Then, be vocal about them so people can anticipate what you might want. Focusing on your values and your purpose can help you balance stakeholders’ needs and understand how to survive and thrive in both the short-term and the long-term.  Once you’ve identified your personal purpose and your values, consider your organisation’s mission and values and your role. Where are you aligned with your organization? Do you both list similar values such as treating everyone with dignity? How does your specific role allow you to live your values? Do you perform a task that feels in alignment with what you value most? Most of us don’t have the perfect job and perfect alignment, yet we can find parts of our roles that allow us to do work we truly value and feel great about.  Understand the implications of your decisions across the company, industry, community and broader ecosystem. Systemic thinking can be counterintuitive for leaders who were previously rewarded for focusing on a small area of expertise. Aim to shift to a macro focus to inform your critical decisions. What factors (emerging technology, financial needs, team alignment concerns, etc.) might impact your ability to meet your goal? These factors range from understanding emerging technology, raising money to purchase new equipment and leading a division of treatment professionals who are all aligned around a common goal.  Leaders at all levels need to expand their thinking in ways they had not previously prioritized. For new leaders, it is essential to continue building your understanding of solid leadership foundations as well as understand how to work with people across generations. Invest time in mastering the skills to help you become a stronger leader. Be open to learning new technologies.  Good leaders are highly committed to both their personal growth and the growth of others. Be willing to appropriately expose your vulnerabilities and ask for support in addressing them. Authenticity takes courage and builds empathy for others who are also learning and growing. To ensure you’re acting authentically, set objectives before attending meetings, and take time after to reflect on how well you accomplished your goals and help you determine how you will refine your interactions in the future.  To inspire others to follow you, seek to understand what they’re going through, and find ways to help them meet their goals. Empathy — being able to understand others’ thoughts and feelings and put yourself in their place — is a critical trait for a leader. Take the time to listen to the people on your team. Everyone has different expectations and may require something different to optimize their impact. Understanding their goals and concerns takes time and energy, but it can pay dividends in terms of team cohesion.  As a leader, you may be called upon to solve problems that had never existed before. To help you find the most robust solutions, routinely pull together stakeholders with different perspectives and strive to understand and integrate these different perspectives. As you continue to hone your leadership skills, be open to the lessons you can learn from senior leaders as well. It is critical to bridge the gap between more experienced leaders and new ones. There are many ways to build such a bridge: One of the most effective options is mutual mentoring. You can learn a great deal from senior leaders about leadership fundamentals that hold over time, such as creating a vision and setting direction — and they can learn a lot from you about working with those with different experiences and talents.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Edo: APC Weighs Options, Fears PDP Takeover •Governors stick with Obaseki, Odubu adamant
Two weeks to the much-anticipated primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, national party chieftains are worried the ruling party in the state may end up gifting the governorship… Read full story COVID-19: AfDB Approves $288.5m For Nigeria
The Board of Directors, African Development Bank (AfDB), on Friday, approved a $288.5 million loan to help Nigeria tackle the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigate its impact on people and businesses. In the latest report released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), 79 per cent of the households in the country… Read full story Why We Did Not Treat Raped Sales Girl —LUTH
The management of the University of Lagos Teaching Hospital (LUTH) has denied not treating on purpose an 18-year-old salesgirl, who was on Thursday raped by a dispatch rider. A twitter user @youdiee, who claimed to be the owner of the store where the rape incident took place had accused the hospital of neglecting the victim… Read full story Surrender Or Be Disgraced, Buhari Tells Katsina Bandits
President Muhammadu Buhari has met with Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina State over the rising wave of banditry in the state and advised criminals to surrender now or face a “disgraceful and violent end.” According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in… Read full story Edo, Ondo Primaries: APC Ready With Membership Registers —Isa-Onilu
National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Lanre Isa-Onilu, has disclosed that the membership registers of the party for Edo and Ondo states are intact and current. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had told political parties wishing to conduct direct primaries in the… Read full story COVID-19: Ondo Threatens Another Lockdown
Ondo State government on Friday threatened to reverse the decision to lift the ban on lockdown in the state should the number of COVID-19 cases keep on increasing. Tribune Online report that the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, on Special duties and Strategies, Dr Doyin Odebowale, gave this… Read full story The New Normal: What COVID-19 Has Changed In Our Lives
SINCE the prevalence of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic compelled government at all levels in the country to shut down schools on March 23, being one of the containment mechanisms employed by advanced nations with worse incidence rate of the virus, Adeola Adeyemi and her siblings, like others in Nigeria… Read full story Four Men Who Raped 13 Year Old Girl To Be Arraigned This Week
The four men who allegedly gang-raped a 13-year-old minor in Kaduna would be arraigned before a competent court of law this week. A reliable source at the Ministry of Human Services and Social Development told Sunday Tribune that the Central Investigation Department (CID) had concluded its findings… Read full story My Father Was Close To Making Me A Carpenter’s Apprentice —Bode George
I am the real special model from my background. My great-grandfather was a reverend gentleman. He had a white horse and was born in Lagos and became a reverend. He was evangelising around Nupe area in present-day Niger State where there were Christians; then, he married a Nupe woman… Read full story Nigerian Should Always Do Fact-Check On Politicians —Sani
Anthony Sani, the immediate-past Secretary-General and former Publicity Secretary of the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), now a member of the Governing Council of Sir Ahmadu Memorial Foundation and of Northern Media Forum, speaks on 21 years of civil rule in the country and other issues … Read full story I Still Have So Much To Offer – Ronke Oshodi-Oke
Ronke Oshodi-Oke is a household name, especially in the Yoruba movie industry having graced the screens for decades. The veteran actress, who is undergoing a rebranding process shares some of her plans on movie and music… Read full story Majek Fashek And The Curse Of Drug Addiction
THE death of Nigerian singer-songwriter, guitarist and reggae music lord, Majek Fashek, in New York, America, last week threw Nigerians into a nostalgic mood. It brought into memory the exact picture of a musical icon who the country lost to the icy pincers of death. Reports of his passage sauced his strides on the dancehall… Read full story Why Governors Are Jittery Of Financial Autonomy To State Legislature —Kaze
The autonomy of the judiciary and legislature is very important, I am proud of the 6th and 7th National Assembly because at a point in time the National Assembly both the Senate and House of Representatives actually voted for the financial autonomy of the state legislature but that bill failed at the state level because… Read full story