A 20-year-old 100 level undergraduate at the Bauchi State University (BASUG), Gadau, Patience Emmanuel Kushi has been kidnapped by suspected cultists. The disclosure was made by the worried parents who expressed anguish over her been kidnap on Wednesday. Apparently lacking means to contact Patience, her parents called on security agencies to assist in locating her. Tribune Online learnt that the 100 level Pharmacology student left her uncle’s house last Wednesday and has neither been seen nor heard from her since then. She was said to have left the home for her father’s house located in the Yelwa area of Bauchi metropolis before her disappearance. Patience’s father who is a retired civil servant, Mr Emmanuel Kushi told a group of journalists who visited his house on Saturday that: “On Wednesday, June 24th at about 2:00 pm, she left my younger brother’s house in Rafin Zurfi and told him she was coming to my house at Kafin Tafawa (a distance of about four kilometres) to pick something and he gave her the permission to come. But by evening, my younger brother’s wife kept calling her line to know if she had arrived but there was no response. They thought she was working at my house. “Later on, they tried again but the number was now switched off. Then the next day (Thursday) at about 1:00 pm, her aunt, my younger brother’s wife called me and asked why I retained Patience and didn’t let her go back and she also asked if there was any problem. I told her that I did not see Patience because she had not come to my house. She expressed shock about what I told her and she then said she will call her friend to confirm.” He added further that Patience’s friend also tried calling her phone that same Wednesday and it rang out. He added that Patience’s friend, thereafter, sent a message to her phone but was surprised when “do you think you will ever see her again? Fool,” was sent as a reply by the cultists believed to be holding her captive. The father said: “In the message, they said that ‘Father, your daughter is with us (Black Axe Confraternity), we don’t need your money what we need is her virginity. Don’t bother looking for her’.” Bauchi State Police Command When contacted through the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Ahmed Wakil, confirmed the incident and said that the Police is intensifying investigation into the matter with aim of apprehending the suspects and rescuing Patience alive. He urged members of the public with useful information to quickly volunteer such to assist the Police. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Oshiomhole’s group in crisis, Issa-Onilu pulls out •APC govs thank Buhari
THE crack in the immediate past All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee led by Comrade Adams  Oshimhole, manifested Friday afternoon as the spokesman of the group, Lanre Issa-Onilu withdrew his membership of the aggrieved group… Read Full story Ajimobi died from multiple organ failure, Lagos govt reveals
THE Lagos State government has explained that the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, died from multiple organ failure following complications from COVID-19 infection… Read Full story Breaking: N-Power Batch C Enrolment Begins 11.45 pm Friday, June 26
Federal Government has unveiled plans to open the registration portal for the enrolment of young Nigerians today, Friday, June 26, 2020, as from 11.45 pm, into the Batch C of the N-Power Programme… Read Full story Why I Stopped Acting For Some Time —Adewale Elesho
Currently, the president of Association of Nigerian Theatre Arts Practitioners (ANTP), Prince Adewale Elesho is one of the veterans in the movie industry known for his advocacy for the promotion of morals and Nigeria’s cultural heritage in Nigerian movies. In this interview by FEMI OGUNTAYO, the respected actor talks about… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.