The Police in Niger have arrested a 50-year old man, Peter Ayemoba of New Golden Prime street, in Rafin Sanyin community in Suleja Local Government area of the state allegedly for sexually abusing two of his biological daughters, aged between 20-22years old on different occasions The suspect was said to have been nabbed by the police detectives attached to ‘B’ Division Suleja, on Tuesday, 2nd June 2020, at about 21:30hours while acting on a tip off. A Press statement by the Police Public Relations Officer of the State Police Command, ASP Wasiu A. Abiodun, a copy of which was made available to Tribune Online, on Monday, in Minna, adding that the suspect had been having carnal knowledge of his two daughters since 2013 and till 2019. The statement disclosed that Police investigation revealed that the the said suspect, Peter Ayemoba, was in the habit of threatening to kill the two young girls and commit suicide if they deny him sexual relationship him, after which they would submit themselves to him to have his way, though illegally. . The Police spokesman confirmed that during interrogation, the suspect confessed to the crime. He, however, assured that the case will soon be arraigned in and charged for incest after investigation must have been concluded by the police on the matter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ministry Of Defence, Others Make Presentations As Buhari Presides Over Virtual FEC
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday presided over the third virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Defence, Environment, Works and Housing as well as Finance, Budget and National… Read full story How 19-Year-Old Barakat Was Allegedly Raped, Killed In Ibadan
Dejected, weary, Barakat’s mother, Mrs Kafayat Bello, lay on the floor mourning the loss of her daughter. Mrs Bello had returned on Monday evening to see her daughter lying in the pool of her own blood at the backyard of their home. Her 19-year old daughter had said to have been allegedly raped and killed by suspected… Read full story Rivers, Cross River, Ondo, Osun, Bayelsa Get Refund Of N148bn Spent On Federal Roads, Bridges
The Federal Executive Council (FEC) at a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved the refund of about N148,141,987,161.25 expended by five states to… Read full story