LET me open this write up with this extract from a post I got through an elderly man on a WhatsApp platform last week. It is the provoking thought for this write up “Everybody is hung up on domestic abuse by men against women. Nobody spares a moment to find solutions to the equally devastating verbal abuse men suffer in the hands of their wives. It is worse because men can’t discuss what their wives do to them for fear of scorn and derision. They suffer in silence. Time bomb. Unfortunately, the Nigeria has little or no support systems for this kind of situation. Little or no counselling services. It’s been mostly left to the church to deal with. What happens when the man doesn’t go to church? What happens when the woman doesn’t believe in spiritual intervention? These women are raising daughters. Their daughters are hearing and seeing how they speak to and treat their husband. What kind of wives will they grow up to become? Those that treat their husbands as kings or those that believe husbands are nothing but verbal punching bags?” A lot has been said about the evil of wife battering in our land, but no voice is heard loud and clear about wives’ verbal abuse against their husbands. It is a general belief that a woman has a greater capacity for words than a man. Women talk a lot. It is like a weapon in their possession, with which they can build or destroy their husbands. If only wives realise how powerful this weapon is, they will be careful in deploying it against their husbands. Many husbands are in a terrible state of disrepair due to the verbal assault from their wives. Such verbal diarrhoea includes the following: “Are you a husband or a horse”; “ I regret marrying an idiot illiterate like you “; “ If you are a husband, proof it now with your money “; “ I never knew I was marrying suffering unlimited as a husband “; “ You are not better than a spare tyre”; “Your mother just wasted her energy giving birth to a liability”. In fact, the list is endless. “You want to know the truth? This is what most men go through in their houses. The labour and toil and build respect but when they return home, the one who ought to speak to the king in them tears them to shreds and tries to deflate their self-esteem. When they are outside, they try to act cheerful and happy but back home; they are shrivelled because the person they live with makes it a point of duty to verbally assault them. The point is that with verbal assault, a man’s self esteem is battered and torn to shreds. A wife’s insulting words are all what a husband needs to excuse his misdeeds be it stealing, robbery, fraud, wife battering e.t.c. I have heard stories of how some husbands ended up in the occult or money rituals process due to verbal assault from their wives. When a woman wants to destroy her husband, her words alone are strong enough a weapon. Once deployed, the mission is easily accomplished. When a husband suffers such verbal assault from his wife, misbehaviour becomes as simple as learning A.B.C. for him. Someone wrote “Our bars are filled with men who are afraid to go home to their wives for fear of what verbal torment they will go through. Men are finding every excuse to travel because they’ll rather be anywhere than in their own homes.” Not only that, a lot of accidents on our roads caused by husbands who have become frustrated in life from verbal assault from their wives. They get behind the wheels and get lost in thought about their predicament at home, such that before you call Jack Robinson, the damage has been done. That is why it is high time serious attention is given to wife’s verbal assault on their husbands. It will save us a lot of stress addressing domestic physical violence against wives. If wives will learn to watch their tongue, it will go a long way in curbing wife battering. We must deliberately tutor wives on the evils of verbal assault on their husbands. We’ve all agreed and rightfully so that a man has no business beating his wife. At the same time, it is high time we stopped wives from raining verbal missiles at their husbands. To neglect the latter while dissipating energy on the former is tantamount to chasing the shadow. Verbal assault must henceforth be given a prominent attention in our marital discuss at all forums.  My book, enjoying great sex life is still available for sale. Please call 08112658560 for details YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story COVID-19: Increased Number Of Cases, Warning Signal ― Minister
The Federal Ministry of Health says the increasing number of coronavirus infections in the country should be a warning that the fatality rate could rise. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, gave the warning at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country on Thursday in Abuja… Read Full Story COVID-19: Striking Doctors Are Frustrated, Health Minister Admits • Says FG can’t dictate to states
The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, admitted that the striking doctors under the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have some things they are really frustrated about. Ehanire, who said he had a frank discussion with the young doctors in his office on Thursday morning over their… Read Full Story COVID-19: FG Takes Measures To Reduce Fatality Rate, Signs Pact With Republic Of Korea
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF), on Thursday, announced measures to limit and reduce the COVID-19 fatality rate, which it said has hit 469 deaths as at Thursday morning. Speaking at the PTF daily briefing, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said the increasing number of cases should be a warning that… Read Full Story FG Moves To Reduce High Rate Of Illegal Gold Mining, Smuggling
In its efforts to minimise the high rate of illegal gold mining and smuggling, the Federal Government, on Thursday, said it is currently creating a gold ecosystem, which would also increase government’s revenue from the resource, create jobs, and improve environmental and social stewardship… Read Full Story Sharif, CNG Leader, Regains Freedom
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has confirmed the release of Nastura Ashir Sharif, its chairman, Board of Trustees on Thursday. Recall that Sharif was arrested on Tuesday afternoon and moved to Abuja shortly after the peaceful protests in Katsina against the killings of helpless and defenceless citizens by bandits… Read Full Story Rapists Will Be Hung To Death In Kaduna ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has assured the people of Kaduna State that no matter what it takes he will sign the law that recommends death penalty by hanging for rapists in the state. This was disclosed by the Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba, in her verified Twitter handle… Read Full Story Kaduna’s Sultan Bello Mosque Resumes Juma’at Prayer Today
SULTAN Bello Mosque, Kaduna, has acquired three disinfectant machines as part of measures to safeguard worshippers from coronavirus infection and help in restoring the mosque to safe and beneficial use for the ummah. The Chief Imam of the mosque, Sheikh Mohammed Suleiman Adam, who made the disclosure in an interview… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Reps And The Media Lockout
REPORTS in the media last week indicated a direct assault on press freedom by the House of Representatives. The assault was carried out at a public hearing on the vexatious Control of Infectious Diseases Bill organised by its joint Committee on Health Services, Health Institutions and Justice… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!