China, on Friday, advised the public to avoid travelling to Australia, citing racial discrimination and violence in connection with the novel coronavirus pandemic. “There has been an alarming increase recently in acts of racial discrimination and violence against Chinese and Asians in Australia, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic,” the Ministry of Culture and Tourism said in a statement. It did not give any specific examples of such discrimination or violence. Australia rejected the accusations saying they had no basis in fact. “Our rejection of these claims, which have been falsely made by Chinese officials previously, is well known to them,” Trade Minister Simon Birmingham said in a statement. Asians have faced harassment in various countries since the outbreak of the coronavirus began late last year. China earlier issued a warning to tourists travelling to the United States after some said they were mistreated in connection with the outbreak. Australia’s relations with China, its most important trading partner, have deteriorated in recent years amid accusations that China is meddling in Australia’s affairs. Australia, a popular destination for tourists and students from China, also fears China is seeking undue influence in the Pacific region. Ties have been under more strain in recent weeks since Australia called for an international enquiry into the origins of the novel coronavirus. Last month, China imposed tariff on imports of Australian barley and blocked beef imports from several Australian sources. (Reuters) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story Akinwumi Adesina And AfDB
AFTER the Ethics Committee of the African Development Bank (AfDB) had returned a ‘not guilty’ verdict on the bank’s president, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had been accused by a group of whistleblowers of approving certain appointments and contracts that were in breach of the financial institution’s statutory and… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Records 350 New Cases, Total Now 11,516
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 350 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 11,516. The centre disclosed this on Tuesday night via its… Read full story COVID-19: African Nations Get $9.8bn As IMF Supports 66 Countries With $23bn
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has provided over $23 billion in emergency financial assistance and debt relief to 66 member countries facing the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. According to information sourced from IMF’s website on Thursday, sub-Saharan Africa got the highest support of $9.81 billion… Read full story Osun Relaxes Curfew, Now 9pm To 5am
The governor of Osun State, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, announced a new set of guidelines that would guide the second phase of the gradual reopening of the state’s economy, following the lockdown imposed by the government in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story