The Nigerian Police Force, Sokoto State command on Tuesday inaugurated community policing advisory council committee in two different local governments area of the state. The state commissioner of police, CP Ibrahim Sani Ka’oje, while performing the inauguration at both Bodinga and Wamakko local governments described the programme as “a baby of necessity.” He urged the people of the state to cooperate with the police in order to fish out the bad eggs in the community. The CP further added that community policing advisory committee would exist and be synchronised with police formations. “This is not politics. It is believed that members of the community policing committee know everybody in their community,” he said. According to Ka’oje, constables would be recruited from each of the 23 local government in the state, adding that the recruits would be trained by the police for onward posting within the state to cushion the effect of shortage manpower. In his remarks, the chairman of the committee in Bodinga local government, Alhaji Chica Sifawa, urged the people to embrace the initiative. Also speaking, the sole administrator of Bodinga local government, Hon Abdullahi Mohammed Danchadi thanked the Federal Government for the initiative, stressing that the local government would support the initiative. In Wamakko, the chairman of the PCRC in Wamakko, Dr Bello Abubakar Wamakko implored the members of the committee to be sincere, honest and diligent in the discharge of their responsibilities and roles, stating that they should in no way harbour criminal elements even if they are related to them. Also speaking the sole administrator of Wamakko local government, Hon Bello Halilu Guiwa represented by his deputy, Zubairu Muhammad threw his support to the initiative. The commissioner later visited the district heads of Bodinga and Wamakko wherein the two monarchs pledged the total support of their people to the success of the initiative. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.