Nigeria’s commercial lender, Unity Bank Plc, has declared gross earnings of N44.59 billion for 2019 financial year, continuing a path to strong growth started in 2018 financial year, after the bank took bold corporate action to clean up its balance sheet in 2017. The Bank has also posted Profit before Tax (PBT) of N550million in its first quarter (Q1), 2020 result released alongside with the 2019 Financial Year result to the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) on Tuesday. A review of the Bank’s Q1 2020 result showed that the lender recorded growth in Profit After Tax (PAT) by nine per cent to N506.07 million as against N464.87 million reported in the same quarter in 2019. The audited 2019 full year result showed that the Bank recorded a Profit Before Tax (PBT) of N3.64 billion, while Profit After Tax (PAT) closed at N3.38 billion, thereby consolidating on the gains of the reforms earlier instituted  to grow a healthy balance sheet since the past two years. A review of the Bank’s performance shows a relatively strong growth across key financial metrics such as the Net Operating Income for the year ended December 2019 which rose by 76.39 per cent to N23.211 billion from N13.159 billion in the corresponding period of 2018. Net Interest Income also posted strong growth as it grew by 18.06per cent to N16.493 billion from N13.970 billion the previous year. This is even as the Bank’s Total Asset saw a 71.93 per cent increase to close at N293.052 billion from N210.80 billion in the corresponding period of 2018. The retail lender also recorded a total comprehensive income of N5.52 billion while earnings per share stood at 28.94 Kobo. The result further showed that having better positioned itself to advance credit to the economy through the cleaning up of its loan book in 2017, the Bank grew its loan books by 135.87 per cent to N104.02 billion in 2019 as against the N44.10 billion it closed in 2018. Unity Bank had embarked on several cost minimisation initiatives that have continued to yield positive results. These measures led to a decrease in the Bank’s Total Operating Expenses to N19.57 billion in 2019 from N20.71 billion in 2018. The bank said it will continue to implement these measures, which are aimed at building processes that attract efficiency gains in resource allocation, to boost profitability and bring more value to shareholders. Commenting on the results, the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Unity Bank, Mrs Tomi Somefun said that “the potential in many aspects of the business as reflected in growing balance sheet of the Bank is indicative of market confidence in our repositioning efforts.” “It is also noteworthy that playing in the agriculture sector as part of growth strategy and as bulwarks to drive value chain businesses in many segments of the retail market has continued to pay off. Looking ahead, we shall consolidate on the gains in the agribusiness, capitalising on the growing profile in the sector, whilst also focusing on the youth market with increased investment in technology,” She further stated. According to her, “the quest to deepen our retail play will go hand in hand with our focus on digital innovations. Already, we have deployed USSD banking, carried out augmentation of the platform to introduce local languages and further drive financial inclusion and had also launched omni-channel to cater for all segments of the banking public, especially the underbanked. “In the coming years, the Bank will be opening more channels and bundled products bouquet for identified cluster initiatives and also leverage and expand relationships with other partners to drive more growth in earnings and profits.” In addition, the Bank has concluded arrangements to launch a healthcare product called UnityCares to tap into credit support intervention scheme for the Health sector being rolled out by Central Bank of Nigeria as stimulus packages to support the indigenous pharmaceutical companies and healthcare practitioners that hope to build and expand capacity. The new UnityCare product will thus cater to improve access to affordable credits by players, reduce medical tourism and conserve foreign exchange as well as provide long-term, low-cost finance for healthcare infrastructural development, healthcare product manufacturing, healthcare services and pharmaceutical/medical product distribution and logistics services. Analyst are of the view that many things will continue to play in favour of the Bank: these include the sustained effort of the Bank in the area of Agribusiness, the increasing attention of Government and other Agencies in the agriculture sector and the growing interest of the youths in the agribusiness, among others.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Health Scare Over Buhari Fuels Crisis In Aso Rock
MORE information has emerged on the latest crisis rocking the Presidential Villa and the insistence of the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, that all relevant agencies of government must enforce the Quarantine Order signed by her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari, on everyone, including those in the corridors of power… Read full story Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 15,682 As NCDC Confirms 501 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 501 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 15,682… Read full story Edo Poll: Fresh Legal Hurdle For Oshiomhole, APC
A fresh legal hurdle is about becoming a banana peel for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as its chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and his associates celebrate their supremacy contest victory over embattled member and governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Read full story DSS, Police Begin Probe Of Alleged Shooting At Aso Rock
THE Department of State Services (DSS) and the Police High Command have begun full investigations into the alleged shooting by the police personnel attached to the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, which allegedly occurred at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday… Read full story APC Appeal Committee Validates Obaseki’s Disqualification
Governor of Edo State and aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki may have reached the end of the road in his quest to fly the gubernatorial flag of the All Progressives Congress in the forthcoming September 19, 2020 election in Edo State… Read full story Aso Rock Crisis: Shots Fired To Stop Buhari’s PA’s Getaway Car —Sources 
THERE were indications Saturday that shots that were reportedly heard inside the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday evening, were fired in an attempt to stop Sabiu Tunde Yusuf from fleeing in a getaway car after refusing to self-isolate on return from a trip as required for COVID-19 containment protocols… Read full story Havoc In The Air! COVID-19: Aviation, Tourism Sectors In Disarray • 124,500 travel agencies jobs threatened
WHEN coronavirus broke out in Wuhan, China late last year, not many countries took notice, but by the turn of 2020 and the end of the first quarter of the year, the whole world had not only taken notice: millions of the citizens had become victims of the virus… Read full story Ordering Controversy: The Pros And Cons Of Buhari’s Executive Order 10
Save for President William Henry Harrison, all United States presidents, beginning with George Washington in 1789, had issued one executive order or the other, and the practice of using such executive power also has its origin in the same United State, with the first ever executive order, issued on June 8, 1789 by… Read full story Stop Nepotism, Embrace Others, Clark Tells Buhari
Elder statesman and convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), Chief Edwin Clark, on Friday, admonished President Muhammadu Buhari to drop the toga of nepotism and injustice against the South South, saying “things cannot continue this way… Read full story Ibadan Records Third Killing In Two Weeks As 21-Yr-Old Lady Is Macheted To Death
One Grace Oshiagwu was macheted to death on Saturday by yet-to-be identified persons, in Ibadan, Oyo State. The deceased, a 21-year-old lady was killed in a church mission building at Idi-ori Area,Shasha, off the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway… Read full story Pulling Down Christopher Columbus’ Buhari Statues
YOU may not like their reckless consumption of drugs, the airs they put on as “stars” and the pumped-up peacock ego sometimes exhibited by them at their apogee of stardom but the reality is that, popular culture musicians, that is indigenous African musicians and even Africanist musicians among them, are prophets of… Read full story Do Black Lives Matter In Nigeria?
The sheer wickedness of his murder by the police turned George Floyd into a global figure as the world rose in one accord to condemn the inhuman treatment meted to him which resulted in his death. As soon as the video of Derek Chauvin, a former Minneapolis Police Department officer, kneeling on the neck of… Read full story Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!