Oil prices rose more than 1% on Friday, adding to gains in the previous session, after OPEC producers and allies promised to meet commitments on cutting supply and two major oil traders said demand was recovering well. Brent crude LCOc1 futures rose 61 cents, or 1.5%, to $42.12 a barrel by 0639 GMT, the highest in more than a week. US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 futures climbed 60 cents, or 1.5%, to $39.44 a barrel. Both contracts rose about 2% on Thursday and are heading for weekly gains of nearly 9%. Plans by Iraq and Kazakhstan to make up for overproduction in May on their supply cut commitments supported the market. The promises came out of a meeting by a panel monitoring compliance by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies, a grouping called OPEC+. Prices are showing “solidity at these levels, as oil markets ignore the concerns rolling across other asset classes at the moment,” said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. “That suggests that prices are supported by physical buyers (which) is welcome as it implies that physical demand across the globe is recovering, with its implications for economic growth,” he added. Brent moved into backwardation on Thursday for the first time since early March, with the August contract rising to 9 cents above September LCOc1-LCOc2 on Friday. Backwardation occurs when near-term contracts are trading at higher prices than outer months, compared with a contango market structure where outer months trade at higher prices. Fears about dwindling storage capacity had sent the market into steep contango, as wide as $5, as coronavirus lockdowns hit near-term demand and Saudi Arabia and Russia glutted the market with crude in April. Comments from global oil traders Vitol and Trafigura on a rebound in oil demand in June, reported by Bloomberg, also buoyed the market, ANZ said. Traders shrugged off another build in U.S. crude inventories to a new record. Crude stocks USOILC=ECI rose by 1.2 million barrels last week to 539.3 million barrels, compared with expectations from a Reuters poll for a decline of 152,000 barrels. On the technical side, CMC Markets chief strategist Michael McCarthy pointed to strong resistance in the WTI contract between $40 and $41. Analysts see that level as the point at which more U.S. producers will revive shut-in wells. “That militates against aggressive long side trading,” McCarthy said. (Reuters) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 745 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Rises To 18,480
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 745 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed infections to 18,480… Read Full Story Oyo Records 103 COVID-19 Cases In One Day As Total Rises To 18,480 In Nigeria
Oyo State, on Thursday, recorded 103 new COVID-19 (Coronavirus) cases, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 764. The NCDC disclosed this on Thursday night via its verified Twitter handle. It also said that the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria has risen to 18,480… Read Full Story FHC’s Order Restraining Edo APC From Holding Gov Primary Set Aside By Appellate Court
The coast seems to be clear for the June 22 governorship primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as Justice Morenike Ogunwomiju of the Appeal Court, Benin, on Thursday, set aside the… Read Full Story Ajimobi Is Alive ― Daughter-In-Law, Media Aide
Former Oyo State governor is alive contrary to widespread report over him last night, Tribune Online can authoritatively report. Both the daughter-in-law and media aide of the former governor who spoke following the reports about his health refuted the news about his death, saying the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.