As the whole countries of the world individually and collectively rub minds on how to survive the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic sweeping through the globe, Nigeria’s stakeholders are not left behind. Leading Nigeria is its aviation sector where its stakeholders including the aviation agencies, airlines, ground handlers, tour operators amongst others gathered virtually last week to deliberate on the way forward for the sector to survive the scourge of the pandemic. At a webinar organised by the League of Airports and Aviation Correspondents (LAAC) titled “Nigeria’s Aviation Industry: Changing Times, Changing Strategies”, key players deliberated on how to make flying and other aviation business seamless for the traveling public when flight resumptions eventually kick off. Stakeholders at the webinar unanimously described technology as a major solution to unburdening the COVId-19 impact. Speaking at the webinar, Dr Gabriel Olowo, President of Sabre Network West Africa, emphasised that check-in would pose a serious challenge when flights resume asking how prepared the sector was towards safety and business. A former Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Dr Harold Demuren, in his contribution advised the sector to take advantage of the present disadvantage  and automate properly which he said would help reduce contact. According to Demuren “You can do every ticket purchase, every check-in, even choose a seat via your laptop. You as journalists can help us advocate this. You cannot process 1000 people one by one and you should not have to, so the industry needs automation. Airport infrastructure also needs to improve”. In the same vein, Chairman of Air Peace, Chief Allen Onyema while speaking on how airlines have all devised ways to ensure limited contact during boarding as well as safeguard passengers when flights resume, said though talks were ongoing on the development, he declared that airlines were not in support of the middle seat removal policy. Onyema ruled out the possibility of passengers contracting the virus on board the aircraft due to the constant disinfection of aircraft. Emphasising the efforts put on ground by airlines to ensure passengers on boarding flights have little or no minimal contact with fellow passengers declared: also ”COVID-19 can be contracted anywhere and it could be at any environment. We have devised a way to board and reduce contact a lot by first calling for the right window seat and after that is done and they are settled we can call for the middle seats then. After that we can call the left window seat then you can call in the aisle seat at the right and then the aisle seat at the left. This will ensure the interaction is minimal. If we leave the middle empty then the least ticket would be N100, 000, which will not be good for airline and passengers.” For the Principal Managing Partner of Avaero Capital, Sindy Foster, while supporting the notion that removal of middle seats onboard flights was not to anyone’s advantage. she stated ”It is a ridiculous idea for airlines and it won’t work, it is unnecessary and we have to look at the disadvantage and majorly, a lot of people will have limited capacity for travel by air.” Also speaking on the need for infrastructure upgrade, Forster said the country needed to attract investment into the aviation sector even as she maintained that the only way to do so was to make the industry attractive for any investor. Her words: “The industry needs to attract investment.  Investment in aviation is important and it is the responsibility of everyone in the industry to make the industry attractive. Meaning there must be corporate governance in every aspect of the industry and majorly airlines and the negative publicity needs to stop. Players have to be law abiding, recent events in all media have painted the industry negatively so as players it is our responsibility to end that.” The six panelists who spoke extensively on the requirements for various segments of the sector to stay in business at the webinar are: the Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Agency (NCAA), Captain Musa Nuhu, the Managing Director, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Captain Rabiu Yadudu, the Commissioner, Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Engineer Akin Olateru, the Group Managing Director, Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) Plc, Mrs Olatokunbo Fagbemi, Chairman, Air Peace, Mr Allen Onyema and Dr Gabriel Olowo, the President of Aviation Roundtable (ART), Elder Gabriel Olowo. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.