Peter Okoye, a popular Nigerian singer, on Saturday, on the microblogging platform, Twitter, said that his wife, Lola Omotayo, daughter and himself tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). Peter Okoye, in a video, shared his COVID-19 experience while urging his followers to stay safe. Part 1: My Wife, My Daughter and My self were Covid19 Positive@TheOkoyes pls guys be safe out there pic.twitter.com/jfgbZC11Ib — Peter Okoye MrP (@PeterPsquare) June 27, 2020  Part 2: My Wife, My Daughter and My self were Covid19 Positive@TheOkoyes pls guys be safe out there pic.twitter.com/FdRGp4aPQt — Peter Okoye MrP (@PeterPsquare) June 27, 2020  According to him: “For the past three weeks, I have been ill and most people didn’t even know what was wrong with me. I kept it to myself. It has been three weeks of hell for me and my family. “I had COVID-19 for about three weeks and it happened to me. “I was sick and I tested positive. “The reason why I came out to say it is because I am going to encourage a lot of people concerning this whole social distancing, getting used to sanitising your hands, disinfecting your environment, wearing your face mask and all that. “It’s been hell for this family in this house. Not just me. Even two of my domestic staff. ALSO READ: Group decries attempts to derail humanitarian affairs minister over N-Power Batch C “After a week, my daughter caught the virus as well. It was sad that when she caught it, the doctor insisted that she has to be self-isolated in her own room but my wife did something very courageous. She said no. “I was sick and I was being self-isolated in my guest room. I couldn’t even see my sick daughter and I was feeling so bad. I felt so bad because I felt that I am the one who actually brought the virus to the house. It was so bad that I had to be calling her on video, checking on her. “The next day, my wife did something very courageous. She picked our daughter from her room, held her and took her to the master bedroom and she called me and she started crying. I asked her what happened and she said I cannot live this girl alone. I would rather be infected and be with her. “Five or six days later, my daughter was pronounced negative. When she was pronounced negative, we knew it wasn’t going to end there. The next day, Lola became positive. It has been hell but we had a bad experience. “I just want to tell everybody that this COVID19 is real. Don’t take it for granted. “I am happy to announce that my wife, myself, our daughter and two of our domestic staff, all of us are now negative” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.