AN Information and  Communications Technology (ICT) expert, Mr Jide Awe, has said that virtual meetings can be productive if the country and users of the virtual space have adequate power supply and  necessary ICT infrastructure in place. Awe, in an interview earlier in the week, said that deploying technology tools was highly dependent on power and its scarcity could  jeopardise virtual activities. Virtual meetings are real-time interactions that take place over the internet, using integrated audio and video, chat tools, and application sharing. “Nigeria as a country has the infrastructure to propel virtual meetings, but we should be concerned about its adequacy because resorting to generators for online meetings drive costs. “Telecoms infrastructure must be resilient. Quality of service remains a challenge and even when there is availability, slow internet speed and poor connections stunt performance. “Quality, availability, affordability and support of infrastructure affect the sustainability of virtual operations,” said. He suggested that telecoms providers needed to plan and optimise their networks to accommodate the increasing connectivity needs of remote learning and other virtual activities. According to him, creative approaches are required to boost the network, like incentives and benefits can be provided to telecoms providers to encourage them to improve availability. “The recent development of Nigeria’s National Broadband Plan (NBP) project target from 2020 to 2025 is a step in the right direction. “The NBP needs to be faithfully implemented. Improving broadband penetration will increase and widen access to the internet. “The pandemic has exposed the disturbingly unequal access to digital resources. “Broadband infrastructure is, however, fundamental for innovation and meaningful participation in virtual activities,” he added. He further said that not all organisations had the capacity to consistently work remotely, adding that the glaring lack of digital activity in unserved and underserved communities highlighted the importance of digital inclusion. The expert reiterated that many Nigerians lacked digital awareness, skills and access to physical ICT equipment. He said that the COVID-19 new normal which had forced organisations to work remotely  depended on technology and further deepened digital inequalities. According to him, strategic partnerships, initiatives that incorporate raising digital awareness and literacy, skill development, local language content and tech-enabled solutions, should be explored, while considering secure cyberspace. “Cyber threats cannot be ignored, because the increased adoption of technology tools during the COVID-19 outbreak has led to an increase in cybercrime and threats associated with apps and virtual operations. “Organisations must assess both functionality for their needs as well as security in choosing digital solutions for virtual activities,’” he said. Awe also said that equating virtual meetings to physical ones depended on agenda and organisational needs. “Virtual meetings cannot accommodate the carrying out of physical tasks during the session.” “Unlike conventional meetings, virtual meetings eliminate the need for physical interaction, as well as the need for physical meeting offices. “Virtual meetings can be held anywhere as long as participants are digitally literate and have access to digital and internet resources,” he added.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING IPOB Spends $85,000 Monthly To Fight Nigeria Abroad – Presidency
The Presidency has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) of using what it says is false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State to drive a wedge between the country and the United States, United Kingdom and European allies… Read full story Abia Comes First With 67 New Cases As Nigeria Records 260 More COVID-19 Victims
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced that the country has recorded 260 new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to 12,486… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kneeling For George Floyd
YOU’ve heard of little sparks igniting big flames. It has taken just twenty American dollars to stop the whole world from breathing and for police forces across the world to be on trial. A $20 bill was used to buy cigarettes in a shop; shop owners suspected the bill to be fake; the police were called in; they came and knelt on a… Read full story You Don’t Own Nigeria, Northern CAN Tells Miyetti Allah
The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 Northern States and FCT on Sunday has cautioned the factional leader of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) that the Fulani don’t own Nigeria. The Fulani leader had boasted that Nigeria belongs to Fulani and they would continue to rule for eternity… Read full story Growing Hunger Amidst COVID-19-Induced Inflation, Fallen Income In Nigeria
James Oghene, a middle-aged man with two kids is a chef in one of the popular fast foods based in Surulere Lagos. Every day, Mr Oghene spends an average of N1,000 from his Ejigbo residence to and from work, but since February, he has not received a salary. Neighbours are already gossiping about his wife’s weight loss due to… Read full story 2020 UTME: JAMB Holds Policy Meeting On Cut-Off Point June 16 • Says candidates can now print their result notification
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has scheduled to hold the 2020 policy meeting on June 16, 2020, to determine cut-off points for admissions into all tertiary institutions in the country. Tribune Online reports that the Policy Meeting is to be chaired by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu with… Read full story The Making Of Great Companies
No company ever starts out with the intention of failing. Every company hopes to become so great and successful that not only will it yield heart-warming returns to its owners, but will also become a standard for others. But neither greatness nor success responds to wishes; they are a result of doing what is right consistently… Read full story 7 Important Tips For New Leaders
As we navigate returning to our workplaces after the pandemic, a potential demographic shift seems to be on the horizon. Some more senior leaders may not return to the office because they are part of a high-risk group. Some of my clients, for example, have decided to retire early and pursue other options. In their place… Read full story Success Of Nigerian Troops, Product Of Buhari’s Knowledge Of War ― Tsav
Recent series of successes recorded by the Nigerian Armed Forces in the fight against terrorism and insurgency have been made possible by President Muhammadu Buhari’s deep knowledge and experience in asymmetric warfare, former Lagos State commissioner of police, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav has said… Read full story Lagos Govt Tasks Supreme Court On Legality Of Virtual Court Hearings
The Lagos State Government has tasked the Supreme Court on the constitutionality of virtual court hearings. Tribune Online reports that Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) and the National Assembly are the respondents in the suit… Read full story Appeal Court President: Buhari Not A Rubber Stamp, Says Presidency
The presidency has dismissed pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Justice Monica S. Dongban-Mensem as President of the Court of Appeal, saying that the president cannot be a rubber stamp in making judicial and other appointments… Read full story There Are Moles In My Government, Umahi Says
Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has openly acknowledged the existence of moles in his government but insisted that his administration had nothing to hide. Tribune Online reports that Umahi’s position is contained in a social media comment posted on Sunday… Read full story Kaduna Disowns Document In Circulation, Says Lockdown Remains
The Kaduna State Government has disowned a document that has been making the rounds, stating that the Quarantine Law has been reviewed and that a 12-hour lockdown is now in place. The fake document claimed that the lockdown is now from 6pm to 6am, and that interstate travel remains banned… Read full story The Killing Of George Floyd
THE death of George Floyd, a 46-year-old African-American in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, in the hands of a team of four white police officers has yet again left dark clouds around the issues of racial equality and justice on the one hand, and concerns about racially charged police brutality and justice in the United States… Read full story