The Kaduna State government on Wednesday rescued a homeless old woman who was found to be mentally challenged and has been living for some days beside a gutter in a flooded street in the city of Zaria. The woman was said to have been in the place living inside both the sun and the rain before the attention of the state government was called which mandated the Ministry of Human Services and Social Development to look into her situation. According to the ministry in its twitter handle on Wednesday, the old woman has been identified as Sa’adatu Adamu, from Kwarbai in Zaria. She was said to have a son named Aliyu Adamu who has since been contacted on the situation of his mother. The state Commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Mrs Hafsat Baba, disclosed that the woman has been examined by medical personnel and is currently in a stable conditions. According to the ministry in the twitter handle, “Commissioner @HafsatMohBaba has given directives for the woman to be removed from the streets to where she can be cared for. It is important that we all know that care for the aged or persons with disability and mental illness is also a public responsibility. “The homeless woman picked up by the Ministry has been identified as Sa’adatu Adamu. She is from Kwarbai in Zaria. She has a son named Aliyu Adamu who has four children. She has been examined by medical personnel and is currently stable and feeding fine. “While the ministry will work to ensure all vulnerable persons are cared for, we also call on the general public to have a sense of responsibility and play a part in making our society better. “The ministry is currently making contacts to reach out to Aliyu Adamu to come and claim his mother as a matter of urgency. Any well-meaning citizen with information on how to reunite Sa’adatu with her family should please contact us.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s COVID-19 Cases Hit 13,464 After 663 New Infections
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 663 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number to 13,464… Read full story Olu Jacobs Is Alive, Says Lala Akindoju
As anxiety over the rumoured death of veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, heightened in the last two hours, popular actress and a close member of the family, Lala Akindoju, has debunked the death rumour. Rumours of the demise of Jacobs were rife on social media platforms but Akindoju said the news should be disregarded as Jacobs was doing fine… Read full story Edo 2020: APC Inaugurates Screening Committee
The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee, on Tuesday, inaugurated screening and appeal Committees ahead of June 22 governorship primary in Edo State. Professor Jonathan Ayuba will serve as Chairman of the Screening Committee, while Professor Abubakar Fari will lead the Appeals committee… Read full story Senate To Investigate BPE Over Non-Performance Of Paper Mills
Senate Committee on Privatisation has been mandated by the Senate to investigate operations and non-performance of paper mills sold by Bureau of Public Enterprise (BPE) to private owners… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE