Kwara state legislature says it will continue to collaborate with the executive to ensure that no part of the state is marginalized in the area of infrastructural development, job opportunities and creation of wealth. Speaker of the state’s ninth Assembly, Rt. Hon. Yakubu Danladi-Salihu made this assertion during the oversight tour to Kenu-Tabera district in Baruten local government area of the state. The Speaker, who lamented that Kenu-Tabera and many other communities in the state have been neglected for many years without government presence, said that the present administration of Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq was already changing the narrative. He said the House of Assembly is the arm of government saddled with some constitutional responsibilities, such as the appropriation of funds, would ensure that all money allocated for projects among other dividends of democracy is judiciously spent. The Speaker also assured residents of Kenu-Tabera, a border town with the Republic of Benin, that aside from the newly constructed motorized borehole, more developmental projects would be cited in the community soon. The chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Kenu-Tabera ward, Mallam Adamu Issa-Sabi, said that people of the area would continue to support the present administration in the state just as he commended the Speaker and other lawmakers for giving them a sense of belonging with the drilling of a borehole in the community. ALSO READ: Kano govt to begin compulsory drug tests for politicians, civil servants, students Earlier at the palace of the Emir of Gwanara, Rt. Hon. Salihu and another member representing Okuta-Yashikira constituency, Hon. Muhammed Baba Salihu thanked the council of chiefs for supporting the Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq administration. Responding, the Emir of Gwanara, Dr Sabi Abdullahi Idris, (Kotokotigi the second) OFR, applauded the executive and legislature for working harmoniously in delivering dividends of democracy to Kwarans. The monarch prayed Allah to give the Governor and members of the State House of Assembly more wisdom in piloting affairs of the state stressing that the Gwanara Emirate remains solidly behind the government. At the Government Secondary School, Ilesha, Rt. Hon. Salihu and members of his entourage expressed satisfaction with the job done on the renovation of four classrooms while the Principal of the school, Mr Bawa Sabi expressed appreciation but pleaded for fixing the school examination hall which he told the legislators is no longer conducive for learning. The Speaker and other lawmakers in the team also inspected the 1.1-kilometre Emir palace-market road, Gwanara, newly installed 300 KVA transformer at Suuru village and environs, water projects at Nugurumen and Okuta At Patigi Local Government Area, the Deputy Speaker of the Kwara State House of Assembly, Hon Raphael Olanrewaju Adetiba reminded contractors to key into the use of indigenous artisans in the execution of their projects. Hon Adetiba said this in the course of oversight tour of on-going projects in Patigi Local Government Area initiated by the state government. Projects inspected by the lawmakers included Patigi Township -Emir’s road, comprehensive renovation of Government Secondary School, Patigi and Patigi Water Works.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE With the dissolution of NWC, APC seeks redemption
AFTER a week of seeming self-serving embarrassment, sanity is set to return to the fractured All Progressives Congress  (APC) after a virtual meeting of its statutory organ, the National Executive Committee (NEC) called at the instance of its national leader, President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full Story Amnesty International releases damning report on SARS •Says Nigeria reneged on promise to reform outfit
The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Thursday released an indicting report on the activities of the special police the unit, the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and condemned the Nigerian government for failing on its promise to reform the outfit… Read Full Story Abiola Ajimobi: 1949 – 2020
For Ishaq Abiola Ajimobi, the erstwhile governor of Oyo State, the drums have gone quiet. The torch has burnt out and the curtains are drawn. Now, it is time for those living to review his life. Not a few people in his native Ibadan and indeed Oyo State which he governed for a trail-blazing two terms will agree with English… Read Full Story In My Family, I Am The First Male To Clock 70 — Ajimobi
First and foremost, let me give the glory to God Almighty for sparing my life in good health and with happiness. I also want to thank all of you that are here today to have a chat with me, particularly what I call a personal chat and not a political chat. So, I thank you for coming. In order to answer your question… Read Full Story Makinde Orders Flags To Fly At Half-Mast In Honour Of Ajimobi On Friday
Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi… Read Full Story PDP-BOT Congratulates Obaseki, Preaches Party Unity
Chairman Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibrin has congratulated the Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, over his victory at the primaries of the party for the Edo… Read Full Story Dubai Police Shed Light On Hushpuppi’s Arrest, Confiscate N16bn, 13 Luxury Cars, 47 Smart Phones
Days after his arrest, the Dubai Police, on Thursday, released a video giving more information on the circumstance leading to the arrest of Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, who is known to display his luxurious lifestyle on social media to the delight of his two million followers… Read Full Story Allowing Foreign Airlines Into All Our Airports Injures Domestic Airlines —Experts
The recent drama created between Nigeria’s federal government, Canada on one side and some other foreign countries over their refusal to allow Nigerian carriers to evacuate Nigerians stranded in their countries due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic back home has continued to generate reactions from key players… Read Full Story COVID-19 Survivor: ‘How I Got Infected, Suffered Stigmatisation’
Motosinoluwa Afolaranmi thought losing her job due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 was the worst thing that could happen to her until she contracted the virus while trying to help ghetto communities with relief materials. In this interview by KOLA MUHAMMED, she narrates her ordeal of stigma and rejection… Read Full Story Meet 12-Year-Old Nigerian With World Best Result In Cambridge IGCSE MATHEMATICS
“The one who works diligently while utilising his God-given core gifts to the hilt is already assured of success in its entirety.” These words by Leandro E. Pasamba from the Philippines best describe the laudable feat accomplished by a 12-year-old student of Olashore International School, Iloko-Ijesa in Osun State, Uduak Obioh… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Aso Rock Shooting Incident
THERE was comprehensible alarm across the country following the report that shooting took place on Thursday, June 11 at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Although the president’s spokesperson clarified that the president was never put in harm’s way while admitting that the incident occurred, the event shows the poor management of protocols and security in the Villa… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.