Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award  winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of  Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled  against him. The IGP was responding to a letter written by Mr Tommy Ojoge-Daniel, counsel to Miss  Seyitan Babatayo, who accused Dbanj of raping her. The letter written by the IG is titled, ‘Re: Petition Against (1) Oladapo Daniel  Oyebanjo (Aka D’Banj) for Rape Indecent Sexual Assault, Attempted Assault on Miss  Seyitan Temidayo. The letter read in part, “I forward herewith copy of letter dated June 5, 2020  received from Ojoge, Omileye and Partners on the above underlined subject. I am to  respectfully convey the directive of the Inspector-General of Police that you  treat. Accept the assurances of my esteemed regards please.” A Twitter user, Benjamin Ese, in a Twitter thread, weeks back, had alleged that her  friend, Seyitan Temidayo was raped by the singer at a hotel two years ago. While D’banj has come out to deny the allegations and asked his make public and  also pay him the sum of N100m in damages. Following this development, R has also gathered that the singer may lose his role  as United Nations Youth Ambassador follwoing a petition  by a Nigerian, identified  as E Popoola, on Change.org  asking the United Nations to strip D’banj of his Youth  Ambassador status. The petition reads, “We call on the United Nations, and United Nations Women Africa  organisations to remove Nigerian artiste Mr Dapo Oyebanjo as a youth ambassador and  distance themselves from his actions following the sponsored kidnap of Seyitan who  accused D’banj of rape and sexual assault which happened in 2018. “Women in Nigeria are increasingly at risk of sexual violence and the United  Nations and United Nations Women Africa as an entity committed to the empowerment  of women should not be seen to associate themselves with alleged rapists, abusers  and kidnappers. Effort to get through to D’banj was unsuccessful as the singer and his  team refused to speak on the matter.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story School Reopening Guidelines: 2 Million Lagos Students Face Uncertainty
IT appears that reopening of schools in Lagos State is not going to happen anytime soon despite the desire of all stakeholders to see students return to the classrooms. The COVID-19 pandemic does not seem to be in a hurry to go away and stakeholders in the state may also have accepted the reality that having… Read Full Story Ajimobi Remains Bonafide APC Chairman ― Onilu
Senator Abiola Ajimobi led National Working Committee (NWC) has insisted that Senator Abiola Ajimobi remains the genuine Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress in spite of the leadership crisis that has engulfed the party following the sacking of the former Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole… Read Full Story Gender-Based Violence, Rape Dent On Our Collective Humanity, Dignity —Osinbajo
Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo says gender-based violence, rape and sexual assaults are blemishes on the collective humanity and dignity of Nigerians as a people and a nation. Osinbajo expressed his displeasure on Friday in Abuja while addressing a virtual meeting of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), on the… Read Full Story Domestic Violence Called Verbal Abuse In Marriage
LET me open this write up with this extract from a post I got through an elderly man on a WhatsApp platform last week. It is the provoking thought for this write up. “Everybody is hung up on domestic abuse by men against women. Nobody spares a moment to find solutions to the equally devastating verbal abuse men suffer… Read Full Story Bauchi Denies ICPC Claim Of Seized Land Linked To Governor Bala Mohammed
Bauchi State Government has described as baseless and untrue as well as total falsehood the recent publication by ICPC that it has uncovered and seized a plot of land in Abuja linked to Governor Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir. In a statement by Mukhtar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the… Read Full Story CNG Suspends Planned Protests In Other Northern States
The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has said it has suspended its planned protests in other states slated for Saturday. In a statement issued by CNG image-maker, Abdul-azeez Suleiman remarked that having consulted widely and recounting the gains gathered during the protest in Katsina and Niger… Read Full Story PDP Shifts Edo Primary Till Thursday, June 25
As the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has granted a waiver to Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki to contest the Edo governorship election primary on a new date of June 25 two days later than it has earlier announced… Read Full Story Honour All Agreements, Saraki Appeals To PDP Stakeholders
Immediate past President of the Senate Olusola Saraki on Friday enjoined party leaders and all stakeholders who played one role or the other in wooing Obaseki to the Peoples Democratic Party to thread the path of honour and stick to agreements… Read Full Story Eye Exams For Babies: Why They’re Important
FOR Iveren, after a very long wait to conceive, gave birth prematurely to baby Precious. Unfortunately, because she refused to have Precious examined soon during the critical four weeks after birth, owing to ignorance, Precious subsequently became blind from Retinopathy of Prematurity… Read Full Story WHO Accepts Nigeria’s Wild Polio Virus Free Documentation
The proposed certification of Nigeria as a polio-free country in August this year is gradually becoming a reality. The indication was given by the Chairman of the African Regional Commission for Certification of Polio Eradication (ARCC), an organ of the World Health Organization (WHO), Professor Rose Leke, in a meeting with… Read Full Story Backstory Behind Aisha Buhari’s Gunfight
By now, most people have read the story of the scuffle that occurred between Mrs. Aisha Buhari, her children, and her security aides on one hand and Sabi’u “Tunde” Yusuf, son of Buhari’s niece who also works as his private secretary, on the other hand, which caused Aisha’s ADC to shoot at Sabiu inside the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!