Mrs Julie Okah-Donli, Director-General, National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), has ordered the closure of the agency’s head office for a week to enable full decontamination of the building. Okah-Donli made the disclosure in a statement signed by Head of Media and Publicity of NAPTIP, Mrs Stella Nezan, in Abuja. She said that the office should be closed from  June 22 to June 27. She said that the directive was in compliance with the protocol of COVID-19 prevention, following a report that two NAPTIP officers came in contact with a woman who died of novel coronavirus on June 15. ALSO READ: Resident doctors set to call off nationwide strike, as NGF intervenes The director-general noted that the agency worked during the full lockdown of the country as one of the essential services providers. She said that working as an essential services provider during the lockdown was in line with the Federal Government directives through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. “All officers are to go on a week leave in accordance with NCDC guidelines to enable the agency to decontaminate its premises. “In the meantime, all officers in the agency’s headquarters will be tested for COVID-19 before returning to work,” the director-general said. She assured all NAPTIP stakeholders and partners that the operations of the agency would continue, including real-time responses to cases of human violence. It said that NAPTIP key officers would continue working online during the closure. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Obaseki Obtains PDP Nomination, Expression Of Interest Form
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday evening obtained the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest form. Obaseki formally joined the party on Friday afternoon and has shown his interest to contest for the governorship election under the party… Read Full Story PDP Screens Obaseki Saturday
There are strong indications that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will on Saturday screen Governor Godwin Obaseki for the Edo State gubernatorial primaries billed to hold this month. An opening to accommodate the screening of Governor Godwin Obaseki after the party screening committee led by… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!