As many governors across the country continue to embark on the wasteful enterprise of constructing airports for their states, a key player in the sector has advised the governor’s to channel such efforts keying into cooperating with neighbouring states to explore opportunities available in the federal governments’s plans to concession such airports. Speaking on how many of such state airports despite the huge public funds sunk into their construction have been overtaken by weeds, the Managing Director of Centurion Security Services and a member of Aviation Round Table Safety Initiative (ASRTI), Group Captain John Ojikutu, retired, advised the governors to pay attention to projects that would benefit the generality of their people. According to Ojikutu, “States without airports would always desire they have one not as a necessity, but because their contemporaries have. There are areas in many states in Nigeria that deserve attention that would benefit the greater number of citizens more than an airport.” Citing Ekiti State in particular, that is presently nursing the ambition of constructing an airport, Ojikutu declared: “Ekiti State for instance planning for one should take better advantage of the Akure Airport than building another just about 30/40 minutes drive away from the state capital. A tolled express road from the capital to Akure will give more revenue earnings annually to the state than an airport that would serve less than 100,000 passengers the Akure airport is serving annually. “If the airport will be built for agro transportation, what are the agric produce being projected for transportation and where are their destination. The six major airports have a total of about 200,000 metric tons of cargo  traffic annually, how many of these are destined to Ekiti? Total outbound and inbound passenger traffic at Akure airport annually is about 100,000, how many of this figure is from Akure? The total air passengers’ figures annually transiting through Nigeria’s 22 airports have not gone above 16m in the last 20 years; how many of these is Ekiti targeting? “What is applicable to Ekiti is same to Osun state. Against the Federal Government’s plan to concession the nation’s airports, my advice to the two states are; Ekiti should work with Ondo to get the concession of Akure airport and develop it together for the benefit of their states, while Oyo and Osun states should do same with the Ibadan airport. Ekiti and Osun should construct toll roads respectively to link Akure and Ibadan airports. “The City of New York owns the JFK airport in New York State as well as the LaGuardia airport in New Jersey, Connecticut. We can begin to cultivate such cooperation among states in Nigeria. My advice is for states to cooperate to buy into the FG planned concessions of the airports. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.