Chairman House Committee on Defence, Hon. Babajimi Benson has called for more military actions against bandits and insurgents across the country in the bid to secure lives and properties. Hon. Benson condemned the recent attacks and killings of 121 innocent citizens in Foduma Kolomaiya community in Gubio Local Government of Borno State and Faskari Local Government of Katsina State by the Boko Haram insurgents and bandits respectively. The chairman also sent a similar message to the governments and the entire people of the two states, saying the death of any individual in Nigeria, especially from insecurity, should be a source of concern to all. Hon. Benson, who represents Ikorodu Federal Constituency of Lagos State, said it is disheartening that at a time the military was making gains in the fight against the insurgents and bandits, the criminals could strike in these communities and kill that large number of people. ALSO READ: UITH takes delivery of $380,000 medical equipment The lawmaker who bemoaned the situation, which he described as “very sad,” advocated for more military action in the affected states for the insurgents and bandits to be dealt with decisively. He said the death toll in both Borno and Katsina States in just one day was almost one-third of the total deaths recorded from COVID-19 pandemic so far. Hon. Benson said with the way the insurgents and the bandits have been striking in recent times, more decisive steps need to be taken by the Armed Forces. “The situation in Borno and Katsina States, and indeed other states affected by insurgency, banditry and kidnapping calls for decisive action. “We cannot fold our hands, while fellow citizens are killed in a most gruesome manner by bloodsuckers, whose only interest is to continue killing and inflict untold pains on Nigerians. “While commending our officers and men, who through their sacrifice and bravery are working to reduce the level of insecurity in the affected states, I will like to encourage them to up their game at this time. “The wanton killing of innocent Nigerians by these criminals is very disturbing and unacceptable. Something must be done about it now, or we all live to continue to have pains over the killings of our loved ones. “My heart goes to the people of Foduma Kolomaiya and Faskari at this trying times. By the grace of God, we won’t fail you,” Hon. Benson said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE