The Police Command in Benue, on Tuesday, confirmed the arrest of 60 suspected cult members and recovery of arms, military camouflage and bulletproof jackets, a press statement said. The statement signed by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Catherine Anene, in Makurdi, disclosed that other items recovered during the arrest include P-cap bag and red berets. “Sixty suspected cultists were arrested, four locally made guns, five axes, three black and two red berets, a pair of military camouflage trousers, P-cap bag, bulletproof jacket and other items were recovered from them. “On June 14, at about 0100hrs, eight suspects who are suspected to be members of different cult groups were arrested at different locations in Makurdi metropolis. “Two Dane guns, packs of dried leaves suspected to be Marijuana, a pair of military Camouflage trousers, two berets and assorted charms were recovered from them. “On June 15 the police arrested one Ogenyi Okeke also known as Smooky and 17 other suspects within North Bank area,” she said. She added that three axes, one military Camouflage hat, two other hats and three desert boots were recovered from them. The PPRO said the Force on the same day arrested one Eze Mathew and four others at High Level in Makurdi and that one locally made pistol was recovered from them. “On June 20, at about 02 00hrs one Timothy Tsegba and one other were arrested at New GRA, Makurdi. One axe, one military Camouflage bulletproof jacket and bag, one red and one black beret were recovered from them. “On June 21, Raymond Ortese and 26 other suspects were arrested within old bridge, Wadata area of Makurdi. One locally made revolver pistol, one Camouflage p-cap and two black berets were recovered from them,” she said Anene assured members of the public that the command was committed to the fight against criminality in the state. She said the command needs useful information from the public that would assist in the apprehension and prosecution of offenders. She appealed to parents and guardians to watch over their wards to curtail cult cases in the state. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.