The Ekiti State Government, in a move to provide quick medical and legal support for survivors of sexual assaults, on Tuesday opened the Ekiti State Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), also known as ‘Moremi Clinic’. The centre is a free, one-stop, survivor-centred initiative that prioritises the rights and needs of survivors of sexual violence. It was established on the directives of Governor Kayode Fayemi by the Ekiti State Gender-Based Violence Management Committee, the body responsible for implementing the 2019 Gender-Based Violence Law in Ekiti State. The Moremi Clinic (Ekiti State Sexual Assault Referral Centre) will provide the following free services; screening and preventive treatment for HIV and sexually transmitted infections, collection and processing of forensic evidence, support for going through the legal process. Other services include providing a medico-legal report, treatment and care of child victims of sexual abuse, collection and management of relevant data, counselling and psycho-social support, information, support, and counselling for parents, family members, and partners and education and information for community or professional groups. The Ekiti State Gender-Based Violence Management Committee, with representation from relevant Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs), the legislature, and civil society organisations, which will be responsible for policy formulation and management of the Centre. Present at the launch were the wife of the governor, who also chairs the Gender-Based Violence Management Committee, Erelu Bisi Fayemi; Ekiti state’s Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, commissioner for information and value orientation, commissioner for health and commissioner for women affairs, Olawale Fapohunda, Muyiwa Olomilua, Mrs Moji Yaya-Kolade and Mrs Moji Fafure respectively and management of the Ekiti State Teaching Hospital, Ado-Ekiti. The centre is located at the Moremi Clinic Art Building in the premises of the Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital (EKSUTH), Ado-Ekiti. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.