I seek to draw lessons from the fate of northern Nigeria and that of Adams Oshiomhole of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Both currently suffer at the hands of their own creations, begging to breathe. The North grieves, wailing at the feet of its wild, untamed murderous boys; Adams is gasping in the grip of his audacious disciples. It is not funny at all. The men rolling Oshiomhole in the mud today were the boys he used in retiring the principalities of the past. Nietzsche warned that whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process, he does not become a monster. ‘And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.’ I doubt if Oshiomhole thought about this when he was boasting about sacking godfathers in Edo and plotting to replace their common cold with his own deadly virus. Again, there is wisdom in benefitting from disagreements, especially with family and friends. Emperor Oshiomhole did not know that both the axe and the knife have their individual usefulness; each with its wisdom. And the elders have an elegant way of putting this across. They say a wise man never knows all; only fools know everything. Each time I watched Oshiomhole dance to beats of cocky wisdom, I always wished his friends would shove this proverb in his face before it was too late. Now, it is too late; omóye has danced naked into the very centre of the market. The national chairman of Nigeria’s ruling party lost his seat in Abuja because he was suspended from the party at his village. Even if the rebellious godson is finally defeated at the coming polls, he has shown that the feet of the garrulous godfather is made of mere clay. Leadership makes a lot of difference in the lives of any people. Think of Nigeria’s North and its roiling insecurity and the recent news of a presidential rebuke of security chiefs. That, obviously, was President Muhammadu Buhari saying good morning at night time (ìgbàyí l›àárò). At what point did he become aware of the failure of leadership in the security sector? Does he even know that the president of Nigeria is also the commander-in-chief of the armed forces? This failure is extended also to the president›s political party. Where the leadership is right, a small house will host a million persons peacefully. That is what APC lacks in Buhari and Oshiomhole which is steering the party›s ship towards disaster. It was what PDP tragically lost which cost it power in 2015. Buhari›s bumbling leadership represents the very best the North can offer Nigeria. With all that northern Nigeria has creamed off our country in resources and leadership since Lord Lugard grafted it on Nigeria, would it look at itself and say it has made a pass mark? If it has been a success as a region, its house of cards won›t come crashing at the hands of its wanton boys. Would anyone say, truly, that Oshiomhole was a success as party chairman? His hubris was his Achilles heel; his nemesis his own ‹cheated› and insulted boys. Priests who lack decorum almost always get sacrificed to their own deities. When the Yoruba say a worshipper does not throw snails at the gods (a kìí fì›gbín s›òkò s›óòsà), they are emphasizing the place of decorum in human actions and activities. The seed of rudeness which Oshiomhole planted while kneeling, the planter cannot now uproot standing up. Just like the fallen APC leader, the North too is in the slaughterhouse of its untrained children. Oshiomhole is humbled by the taste of his fruits; the North is overwhelmed by the waters of its collapsed dam. My people say you do not list vulture among edible birds. The North would not think so. It got it wrong from the beginning; anything that gave it advantages over others was okay. No one relies solely on money to contest for a title reserved for the strong. The ones who did in history came out losers. At a time other regions were strengthening their children for a future of knowledge, the North was lowering the bar for easy scaling by its pampered team. Now, the vulture meals of that past and the consequential bad breath have poisoned the air for the whole country. The result is the North›s current daily doses of violent deaths. Check out John Campbell›s Nigeria Security Tracker Weekly Update: June 6–12. The horrid details tell tales of a house that has fallen: «June 6: Troops killed two bandits in Tsafe, Zamfara. June 6: Sectarian violence led to four deaths in Bali LGA and two deaths in Donga LGA, Taraba. June 6: Herdsmen killed twelve civilians and Nigerian troops killed five of the herdsmen in Guma, Benue. June 6: ISWA fighters killed six Nigerian soldiers in Konduga, Borno. June 6: Nigerian troops killed «scores» (estimated at forty) of bandits in Zurmi, Zamfara. June 7: A Nigerian military airstrike killed «several» bandits in the Kwayanbana Forest in Zamfara.  June 7: Boko Haram killed five and kidnapped nine in Konduga, Borno. June 8: Nigerian troops killed an «unspecified» number of Boko Haram militants in Gwoza, Borno. June 9: Boko Haram killed eighty-one and kidnapped six in Gubio, Borno. June 9: Bandits killed fifty-seven in Faskari, Katsina. June 9: Communal violence led to twenty-three deaths in Lamurde, Adamawa. June 10: Nigerian troops killed «several» (estimated at ten) Boko Haram militants in Gwoza, Borno. June 10: Boko Haram killed four in Damboa, Borno. June 11: Boko Haram released a video of them killing one Nigerian soldier and one Nigerian police officer. June 12: Bandits killed eight and kidnapped nine in Faskari, Katsina»(see cfr.org). Today is June 22. The past ten days not captured in the tracker above have recorded even more deaths. I never knew there would come a point when longsuffering Buharists would say enough is enough. Even Buhari himself reportedly told his security chiefs that they had failed. I am waiting for that day he will look in the mirror and identify the real culprit. So, this past week saw leaders and youths of the North calling out their governments. They said they were tired of the killings. They were tired also of government›s insensitivity to their plight. There were demonstrations against their beloved Buhari and his government. The government felt it was wrong for children of the North to protest against their hero. The leader of the protesters was arrested and detained. Then, an old man called Bashir Tofa came out firing at the Villa›s god of thunder. The last time Tofa was in national consciousness was in June 1993 when he contested against Moshood Abiola in that year›s presidential election. It was this tepid man the North exhumed to issue a flaming order to Buhari to release the arrested protester or face the consequences: “It is unwise and unjust. Not even during military rule would citizens demonstrate peacefully about a matter that worried the entire country and anyone be arrested… He (Buhari) must remember that in three years, someone else will be President…» Tofa said and went further with a direct threat of violence: «If this collective anger is tickled…the 2011 violence, destruction and death…will be a child’s play this time around. Nigerians are very angry! Insecurity everywhere, poverty, joblessness and now COVID -19, disease, despair and desperation have eaten deep into people’s patience and good sense.” In those lines were threats of violence. The government, notorious for hard-hearing, sat up. It heard and understood the message, panicked and released the detained youth leader. I never knew that day would come when Buhari›s government, in its all-knowing almightiness, would eat the humble pie and drop the ball. But that cannot be the end of this discussion. What will wean the North›s bandits of their banditry? Nothing. If the killings won›t stop, the newly found spirit of protests in the North won›t either. But what can the protests do to stop the killings? Nothing. The killers in the North are children of the North, not outsiders. They have tasted blood, they won›t stop. Train your children so that they may give you peace of mind. That is the wisdom that eluded the North, and today peace there is scarce from pillar to post. The focus of Nigeria›s North has always been on political power. It thought having power to cheat and enslave all others was all it needed to be well forever. It doesn›t work out that way, at least not always. There is a family in Badagry whose wealthy ancestor was Nigeria›s foremost slave merchant. Struggling descendants of that merchant today live in cells he built for his slaves. The affluent North has produced an army of unschooled children who are today lords of the bush, killing without a cause. The neglected are grown and are tearing down the house of unconscionable power built by their leaders. The killings won›t stop exactly the same way flood from a collapsed dam won›t abate. It is a hopeless situation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Massive shake-up in Aso Rock security architecture
THE recent serious fiasco in security at the Aso Rock Villa has warranted a massive reorganisation of the security architecture at the country’s seat of power. The development is connected with security breach, particularly the shooting incident that rocked the Villa for about two weeks… Read Full Story Nigeria Records 661 New Cases Of COVID-19, Total Now 19,808
Nigeria’s coronavirus (COVID-19) cases, on Friday, increased to 19,808 as 661 new infections were announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… Read Full Story APC crisis: INEC in dilemma over Edo primary
AHEAD tomorrow’s conduct of the All Progressives Congress (APC) direct primary to produce its standard-bearer for the Edo State governorship election, the Independent  National Electoral Commission (INEC) appears to be in a quandary on whether or not to supervise the process… Read Full Story Panic, Gloom… •Experts Reveal What COVID-19 Pandemic Portends For Nigeria’s Economy
WHEN Nigerians, at the beginning of the year, expressed their reservations about the 2020 budget, especially the signing of the Finance Bill, which, they argued, would further impoverish the common man, little did they envisage the advent of a public health crisis, in form of COVID-19, throw economies of individuals… Read Full Story COVID-19: EU, UN Hand Over Medical Supplies To Nigeria
European Union (EU) and United Nations (UN) have received and handed over urgently needed essential medical supplies to the Nigerian Government to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read Full Story I Did Not Stop Investigation Of NIRSAL ― Malami
The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has denied an online report that he stopped the investigation of the Nigeria Incentive-based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)… Read Full Story Security: It Is Buhari’s Call, Not Buratai’s 
President Muhammadu Buhari, last Thursday, gave a damning verdict on the nation’s security and intelligence chiefs when he told them that their best was not good enough for the nation and that he would no longer take any excuse from them for the rising insecurity in the land. According to the National Security Adviser… Read Full Story Edo: Of Oshiomhole, Saraki’s Snail And Naked Masquerade Allegories
COURT-SUSPENDED All Progressives Party (APC) Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, a few days before his court ouster, subtly flexed his power muscles and demonstrated a commendable grasp of African proverbs and aphorisms. Taking to his Twitter handle to do this, Oshiomhole had aptly announced that his smallish… Read Full Story 90 Days Of Pandemonium: A Nation At War With COVID-19
WHEN the Nigerian Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19 was constituted on Tuesday, March 17, the mandate was clear. With a timeline of six months, the body was assigned to “strengthen the national response strategy, particularly in the areas of testing, containment and management… Read Full Story Resident Doctors Set To Call Off Nationwide Strike, As NGF Intervenes
The leadership of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday night communicated its resolve to suspend the ongoing nationwide strike which commenced on Monday, 16th June 2020… Read Full Story Alleged Rape Saga: D’banj May Lose UN Ambassador Status
Just days after marking his 40th birthday, Nigerian singer and multiple award winner, D’banj has not been finding things funny as the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a probe into the allegations of rape levelled against him… Read Full Story Nigeria’s New Rapeublic: Where Repulsively Rapacious Men Prey On Female Gender
TWENTY-TWO-YEAR-OLD Vera Uwaila Omozuwa had hoped to become an evangelist due to her passion for the gospel of Christ. Since the lockdown and closure of places of worship occasioned by the dreaded coronavirus pandemic began, the young lady had always sought the quietude of her church premises to study… Read Full Story 76 Nigerians Killed By COVID-19 In One Week
SEVENTY-SIX Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!