The Wife of Ondo State Governor, Mrs Betty Akeredolu, has distributed food items to 3000 widows and vulnerable people in the state to cushion the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Speaking during the event on Thursday at Ondo Central Senatorial District, the governor’s wife called on wealthy individuals in the society to support orphans, widows and vulnerable people in the society. “I am sure this kind gesture will go a long way in assisting the widows and vulnerable to have a sense of belonging considering the harsh financial condition of our people,” she said. Mrs Akeredolu, represented by Mrs Temitope Daniyan, the Governor’s Aide on Gender, Research and Documentation, said the programme was officially launched in Akure South to commemorate the year 2020 International Widow’s Day. ALSO READ: 774,000 jobs: Keyamo defies House Committee, orders Public Works Selection Committees to continue work She said widows were most vulnerable and needed care in the society as most of them suffered much neglect after the demise of their husband. The first lady stressed that a website, www.ondowidows.com was launched in May, where widows across the 18 council areas of the state could register and fill in their data to benefit from the programme. “So far, more than 8,000 widows have registered through the website and process has been so smoothly without any problem. “We have given foodstuff and cash support to over 3000 widows in the six local government areas of the senatorial district, which included: Akure South, Akure North, Idanre, Ifedore, Ondo East and Ondo West. “The present administration under Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu is committed to impacting meaningfully in the lives of widows and Ondo government will continue its support through the office of the First Lady and Women Affairs ministry. “The programme continues tomorrow, Wednesday with a visit to Southern Senatorial District, which also has six local government areas,” she said. Responding on behalf of the beneficiaries, Mrs Janet Akinsuroju, a widow, thanked the state government and particularly the governor’s wife for the programme. “This is the first time in the history of the state that widows across the state will benefit from the state government assistance and we appreciate them for remembering us at this period of the lockdown,” she said. Ondo Widows’ Care was an initiative of Mrs Betty Akeredolu to support the vulnerable. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that each of the beneficiaries received food packs containing 15kg of rice as well as garri, groundnut oil, spaghetti for their upkeep. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail
The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the
Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation
As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account
The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG
The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic
Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday
President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA
The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba
The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana
A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering
It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!