Ahead of the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo state, some aspirants of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have been approaching the Social Democratic Party (SPD) as an alternative platform in the election. Disclosing this during a chat with the SDP Deputy National Chairman (South) Dr Olu Agunloye, said the development shows that SDP is still a party to reckon with in the forthcoming governorship election, not only as a third force but a credible alternative. Agunloye who said the party will participate in the October governorship election in the state, by fielding candidate for the election despite the ongoing reorganisation in the party. According to him, those who have approached the party are both from the ruling APC and the opposition PDP as an alternative platform for their ambition but maintained that SDP would only consider politicians who would abide by the manifesto of the party. HR said “the SDP as a political party is undergoing reorganisation. We want to position the party as an alternative for real progressive ideology and party for progress. “We are not going to give the SDP form to somebody just for money. We want people who believed in the party. We cannot allow shenanigans to take over the party.” Agunloye, who is the SDP governorship candidate in the 2016 Election in Ondo State, said part of the reorganisation process of the party, was the recent dissolution of the State Working Committee (SWC) of the party in Ondo State. He disclosed that apart from the fact that the tenure of the dissolved SWC had expired, the Executive Council comprised of old people, who may not be able to drive the new vision of the party. “We are of the view that the party should be positioned to attract young and vibrant people that can drive the vision of the party in line with its manifesto. “We have therefore set up a Caretaker Committee to oversee the affairs of the party for the time being. “However, we are not sending members of the dissolved Exco away because we still need to tap from their wealth of experience but we felt that the person in the driver’s seat must be more vibrant,” Agunloye said. The Deputy National Chairman said the ruling party could not give the people the real dividends of democracy because of lack of manifesto. Speaking on the performance of the current administration in Ondo State, Agunloye noted that the date governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has tried his best but said the administration has not impacted positively on the people. “Roads have improved in some places but I have not seen much. No reasonable improvement in the education sector. No improvement in the health sector. None in economic empowerment to people. “Moreover, school fees are not affordable for many parents. Any man campaigning but cannot do what he promised, that person is not a friend of the people. “That is the reason we said whoever is coming to SDP must follow the manifesto,” Agunloye said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fresh Crisis Looms In APC •Party To Resolve 170 Petitions, May Dissolve State Excos
IF what is brewing in Lagos will hold true for many troubled state chapters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the reconciliation bid of the national caretaker committee is likely to birth a fresh wave of crisis for… Read Full Story Ajimobi’s Burial Site: Our choice of burial site not approved by Oyo govt —Family •We’ve granted them a waiver, but… —Govt
Fresh controversy over the final resting place of former governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi emerged on  Saturday as sources close to the family accused the Oyo State government of not approving their choice place for the burial of the former governor… Read Full Story APC Derailing From Founding Ideals — Tinubu
NATIONAL leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has reviewed the development leading to the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) and sounded an alarm bell that the party is derailing from its founding ideals… Read Full Story UPDATE: Oyo State goes after private hospitals •Seals 5 clinics over quackery, more to follow
OWNERS of private medical facilities operating under unprofessional conditions are in trouble in Oyo State as the government, on Saturday, said it has sealed five private health facilities in Saki and Ibadan metropolis over unprofessional and illegal practices… Read Full Story We’re Not Responsible For Delay In Ajimobi’s Burial ― Oyo Govt
The Oyo State Government has strongly denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday… Read Full Story Deliver Edo, Ondo, Buhari tasks APC governors
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has given governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the marching order to reclaim Edo State from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), following its recent flipping to… Read Full Story Adam’s Second Fall On The Eve Of EdoEN Election
SINCE its formation, the various political tendencies that came together under the aegis of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) have found it difficult to evolve as a compatible ideological whole. Critics of the party have levelled a charge that APC was hurriedly put together to grab power and was consequently… Read Full Story Edo, Ondo Elections: Whither The Opposition Parties?
In February this year, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) ‘sanitised its register by retaining only 18 political parties. A total of 74 parties were axed by the commission as empowered by extant laws. The exercise came against the complaints from many quarters on the huge number of parties in… Read Full Story Ajimobi: Last Supper With A Sanmonri, Constituted Into Authority
UNLIKE my wont, words failed me repeatedly this morning. Ever imagine billows of smoke failing to sprout out of the blacksmith’s forge? Or the canary suddenly failing to spit its melodious rhythm? But that has been my abiding forte in the last one hour or so. Writing, cancelling, rewriting, erasing, rewording and cancelling… Read Full Story ONDO GOV ELECTION: Who Gets The Ticket In PDP?
AS the October 10 governorship election draws near in Ondo state, the people of the state are gearing up and studying political events in the state, it is apparent that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is working hard to give the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) a good fight in the election and take over power in the state… Read Full Story FAAN Holds Dry Run Airport Simulation Exercise At Lagos, Abuja Airports
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.