Following the claim to Ajaokuta, Lokoja and Koton-Karfi by the Attah of Igala, Micheal Ameh Oboni, the governor of Kogi State, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has warned people wanting to divide the state against ethnic lines, saying no room for imperialism in the 21st century. The governor’s warning was coming against the backdrop of the recent federal Court judgement delivered on the overlord of some areas by the Attah Igala. Governor Bello at a press conference Friday said the state would come hard on people trying to factionalize the state, adding that the state since the commencement of his administration has been anchored on unity. The Governor called on those affected to seek legal means to address their grievance, stressing that the state government would be hard on those using history rightly or wrongly to create confusion. While stressing that the state would not fold its hands to allow for imperialism in this age of civilization, warned that the state would be ruthless on persons found culpable no matter how highly placed. Bello said that the judgement should not be seen as an avenue to be exploited to foment trouble or fan embers of division and disunity. ALSO READ: NSCDC inaugurates Citizens’ Integrity Unit to fight rape in Nigeria He urged the aggrieved party to approach the higher court if they are not satisfied with the pronouncements of the court. “I advise those who may want to test the will of this administration to desist in their own interests as we will not spare any means to restore normalcy where they may want to break the law,” Bello said. According to him, “This administration has toiled tirelessly to enhance the unity of the state.that is why we invented the acronym EBIGO, meaning Ebira, Igalaland, Okun to further underline the seriousness with which we uphold the unity of this state. “We will not hesitate to deal decisively with anyone no matter how highly or lowly placed,” he added. Meanwhile, the Member Representing Ajaokuta Federal Constituency Lawal Muhammadu Idirisu call for calm on the recent judgement by the Federal High court sitting in Lokoja the Kogi state capital which declared Ajaokuta, Lokoja and koton karfe as part the Igala kingdom. “We have been leaving happily together as one irrespective of tribal differences also embarked on intermarriages so we should not allow such judgement to divide us like it a civil and institutional matter. He, therefore, urged his constituents to apply diplomacy and maintain peace and harmony within the domain and stop spreading further rumours that may cause disunity among the people. “Ajaokuta is one and we should not allow ourselves to be divided as our unity has come a very long way.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: No Fresh Probe Of Adesina ―AfDB Board Rules
The Bureau of the Board of Governors of African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday foreclosed the possibility of reopening the probe of the bank’s President, Dr Akinwumi Adesina. At a meeting, the body declared that an independent investigation was not required as demanded the United States of America… Read full story NCDC Releases New Guidelines On COVID-19 Patients’ Treatment, Discharge
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday announced a new case management guidelines for the treatment and discharge of COVID-19 pandemic patients. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) media briefing in Abuja… Read full story UN Puts Nigeria’s Electricity Access Rate At 57%
No fewer than 110.7 million Nigerians out of a 195.8 million estimated population had access to electricity as of 2018, according to the latest global energy progress report. This represents a 57 per cent national electricity access rate compared with the global average of 90 per cent, says the report launched at the… Read full story Akinwumi Adesina And AfDB
AFTER the Ethics Committee of the African Development Bank (AfDB) had returned a ‘not guilty’ verdict on the bank’s president, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had been accused by a group of whistleblowers of approving certain appointments and contracts that were in breach of the financial institution’s statutory and… Read full story