A South African-based Nigerian pop artiste, Ayinde Suleiman Damola, popularly known as Kosere, was born and bred in Lagos, Nigeria. In this exclusive interview with Tribune Online, he spoke on his journey to stardom, being an entrepreneur, family among many others.  Childhood in Lagos Kosere’s background started in Lagos State, where he was born on the 20th of March, 1990 and completed his primary and secondary education in Nigeria, before moving to Omoku Onelga Local government to work in a printing press company. After some years, Kosere decided to travel to South Africa to join a football team, but while playing for a team he decided to enrol to Boston City College, Pretoria North, South Africa to study ‘Web and Graphic Design’, however, he had to drop out of the college when there were no more funds to continue with his studies.  On His Musical Journey Kosere started singing in his mosque at a tender age. He has, however, grown-up as an accomplished artist, with a music empire and produced internationally with acclaimed hits records like; “SORRY”, “ORO”, “ONE MAN FOOD” Featuring 9ice, among many others. In fact, he started his record label during his school time called KNOCKOUT ENTERTAINMENT, and in 2017, he won Afro-pop artist of the year.  His Family Life Kosere is married with two kids and has 8 siblings, 4 brothers and 4 sisters, while some of his siblings are into entrepreneurship, the younger ones are still in school studying.  Entrepreneurship According to Kosere, embarking on an entrepreneurial journey was borne out of his love for the entertainment industry since he was just a little boy. Although he was studying web and graphic design in school, he did not resist the urge to keep feeding his passion. “It takes a person of strong will like to follow through with his passion. Which is what played out with when I decided to start the Knock Out Entertainment (KOE.). It was envisioned as a platform for Kosere music and other artists. The label has grown and is home to music other upcoming artists. In fact, most of my singles are produced by Boldface, KOE’s official producer”, he said. For instance, his singles such as; Kosere (2016) featured Omoalhaja & Islambo; Ja Fast in (2017); One man food (2017) featuring 9ice; Kosere ft Omoalhaja in Base on Kpa (2018); Kosere ft Idowest in 123 (2018); Around you in (2018); This Year in (2019) and Oro Vol2 Far Away, also in (2019). Others singles include; Sorry in (2019) and this year (2020) Kosere featured Oladips in Shandi Shnadi (2020). Not a billionaire, but Kylie Jenner is highest-paid celebrity, Forbes says
After releasing so many hit songs which all of them are crossing borders and topping the chart in the Nigerian Music Industry and the world at large, He signed a digital distribution deal with Toosh Media Empire, a Music Distribution firm owned by MR DARE OSHO, who also serves as Knock Out Entertainment P.R.  Other Interests As Kosere’s Music Career continues to flourish, there are other notable interests of Kosere which are quite not known by many in addition to winning so many awards, are the fact that Kosere is a man of many talents, which has earned him featured in a blockbuster Nigerian Movie. In fact, he loves to know his onion well and be great at what he does.  Awards Consequently, Kosere has won numerous awards, which includes; Tamvaas Awards South Africa; UpComing Afro-Pop of The Year 2017; Fem Achievers Awards Nigeria; Promising afro-pop artist of the year 2018; Promising Rap Artist of the year 2018 Ghana Music Award Festival; Fast Rising Artist of the year 2018 Abuja Music Award Festival; Fast-rising Hip-hop Artis of the year 2018 Cool Wealth Award and Revolution Artist Of The Year 2020. Despite the successes recorded and the contributions to the Nigerian Music industry within the few years in the Entertainment Industry, Kosere remained focused and determines to continues to thrive and soar high, even as he promises to release one of the best songs of the year amidst Duduke’s Cover and so many hits. This time, he has promised to feature one of Nigeria’s Finest Rapper and Songwriter. Hence, his fans and music lovers home and abroad should be on the lookout.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No NEC Meeting Will Hold On Thursday ― Ajimobi-Led APC Faction
Senator Abiola Ajimobi-led faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday dismissed reports that a meeting of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) will hold at the Presidential Villa on Thursday… Read Full Story Edo Poll: INEC Worried Over Conflicting Court Orders, Litigations
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed worry at the spate of litigations, conflicting court orders ahead of the Edo State governorship poll, warning that such was harmful to the smooth conduct of primaries and the September 19 poll at large… Read Full Story Ghanaian President Apologises Over Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission Building
President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana on Tuesday spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari, expressing his sincere apology for the demolition of a building on the premises of Nigerian High Commission in Accra… Read Full Story APC, PDP Scramble For Yoruba Land
THERE is a gradual buildup to replicatiing the 2003 scenario that existed in the South-West. It will be recalled that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from May 29, 1999, had mustered all resources towards routing the Alliance for Democracy (AD), the main opposition party from Yoruba land. Leading the PDP forces … Read Full Story If Igbo Don’t Get Presidency In 2023… —Ezeife
I want to restate my position clearly. Nobody will just dash anybody the presidency. As it is, there is a rotation for north/south. So far, the north has dominated the presidency. But it has come to the south too. The west from the south has produced president. The South-South from the south has produced president… Read Full Story Alleged Pension Fraud: EFCC Opposes Maina’s Plea For Bail As Ndume Stands As Surety
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Tuesday, opposed the application by the former chairman of the Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, for further variation of his bail terms granted him by the Federal High Court, Abuja… Read Full Story Why It Is Difficult To Get Justice For Rape Victims
The business of getting justice and relief for rape victims is a collaborative one that requires the concerted of medical practitioners, psychologists, law enforcement officers, legal practitioners, social welfare department, media and non-governmental bodies who must be willing to work together on cases to ensure… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.