Statutory members of the State Executive Committee of the All Progressives Congress APC, Rivers State has stated that decision to replace Igo Aguma with Hon Sokonte Davies was in the overall interest of the party and therefore, irrevocable. The committee made their position known through a statement signed by the acting Publicity Secretary of the party Hon. Ogbonna Nwuke saying that no amount of blackmail will change the position of the silent majority of party members who are determined to reclaim complete ownership of their own party. The statement said; “Our attention has been drawn to moves by the Igo Aguma led faction to overturn the popular decision taken on behalf of well-meaning party members to restore decorum, orderliness, unity and peace by a vast majority of statutory members who include two former Governors of Rivers State”. Recall that 28 out of 38 statutory members recognized by the APC Party Constitution had on Monday, 22nd June 2020, resolved to replace Hon Igo Aguma who has been acting as a sole administrator instead of a Chairman of the Caretaker Committee with Hon. Sokonte Davies, an experienced party administrator and former Executive Director of NPA’, the statement added. It alleged a plot by the Aguma led-faction of trying to frustrate the will of the majority of the members to move the party forward. “We are aware that Igo Aguma and his acolytes are currently shopping along the corridors of the Judiciary for judges that they need to scuttle the will of an overwhelming majority of party members in Rivers State in their bid to stagnate ongoing efforts to rebuild the party. ALSO READ: Medical doctors in Ondo to begin indefinite strike Wednesday “We are constrained as major stakeholders to bring this development to the attention of the National Secretariat of our great Party and members of the public. “We reaffirm that we are determined to uphold the decision of the Port Harcourt High Court which was presided over by Justice Omereji, to wit, to ensure that sanity, justice, discipline, order, peace and progress are restored”, the statement added. It went on; “Let it be known that we are aware of the subterranean moves that are being made by Igo Aguma and his co-travellers who have volunteered to constitute themselves into cogs in the wheel of progress. “We shall remain resolute in our resolve to defend the integrity and stability of our great Party. Accordingly, we urge Igo Aguma and his followers who are presently running around the Judiciary, like sheep without a shepherd, to sheath their swords, and join hands with their fellow compatriots in the ongoing effort to rebuild our great party. “Politics is a game of the majority in which reason, interests and companionship prevail, and we extend our hand of fellowship to Igo Aguma and his friends to join other statutory members in laying a solid foundation for the progress and unity of our party. “We urge them to return home and assure them that the leadership of Hon. Sokonte Davies would be focused but accommodating in the daily conduct of party affairs”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Not Yet Safe For Reopening Of Schools, FG Tells Govs
The Federal Government has advised the state governments not to aggravate the COVID-19 crisis by reopening of schools because of pressure from the children and parents… Read Full Story Saudi Arabia Bars Travellers From 2020 Hajj
Nigerians and other nationalities planning to go to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 hajj may have had their hope dashed as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Monday said only persons already living in the country would participate… Read Full Story Presidency Congratulates Ize-Iyamu Over Emergence As APC Candidate
The Presidency has congratulated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu following his victory as the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… Read Full Story Reps Probe Multi-Trillion Naira SDGs, GEEP, Social Investment Projects
House of Representatives will next week flag-off the nationwide investigation into the multi-trillion naira projects implemented under the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Government Empowerment Enterprise Programme… Read Full Story COVID-19 Causes Unprecedented Jobs Crisis —UN •Says small and medium-size enterprises may not recover
THE United Nations (UN) has declared that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented jobs crisis across the world; while almost all workers and businesses have been affected by lockdown measures… Read Full Story COVID-19: Livelihoods Of Over 55 Million Domestic Workers At Risk —ILO
AS a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), said the livelihoods of more than 55 million domestic workers are at risk… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: RMRDC And The Kilishi Breakthrough
PROFESSOR Hussain Ibrahim, the Director General of the Raw Material Research and Development Council (RMRDC), caused more than a stir recently when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Science and Technology. Asked to elaborate on the core achievements of the council, he told the committee that the… Read Full Story Let’s Kill The Politicians
Please don’t be alarmed, it’s not the end of the world yet. Truth is, we can do without them all, I mean the politicians. We don’t need them at all to survive. But then, who actually is a politician? According to the learned authors of Merriam-Webster Dictionary, a ‘politician’ is “a person experienced in the art or science of… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!, MAKE MONEY FROM HOME AND GET PAID IN DOLLARS WORKING FULLY FROM HOME. YOU WILL BE PAID DAILY. CLICK HERE LINK TO BE PART OF IT.