The Senior Staff Association of Statutory Corporations and Government Owned Companies (SSASCGOC) has demanded that the Federal Government should immediately convene a stakeholders’ meeting to discuss the issue of stamp as it relates to stamp duty and its production. The meeting, according to the union, should include the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Nigeria Postal Service (NIPOST), SSASCGOC, the Ministry of Finance, and the Ministry of Communication and Digital Economy. The union made this demand in a statement signed by its General Secretary, Comrade Ayo Olorunfemi, even as it declared that it had the responsibilities to protect the interest of all senior staff in Statutory Corporations in Nigeria, including the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS). SSASCGOC has already issued a 21-day ultimatum to the Federal Government on the issue and has further threatened that failure to call the stakeholders’ meeting, it would have no other option than to declare full industrial action. While calling on President Muhammadu Buhari to intervene, the union said: “As a responsible union, we have called on the Federal Government in the spirit of social dialogue, to convene a stakeholders meeting of FIRS, NIPOST, SSASCGOC, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Communication and Digital Economy to discuss the issue of stamp as it relates to stamp duties. “Failure to do this, the union shall have no other option than to declare full Industrial action. A 21 day ultimatum/notice had been given to the federal government already. We  are calling on President Muhammadu Buhari to intervene on this matter before it degenerates into an avoidable industrial relations crisis which  is capable of embarrassing Nigeria in the comity of nations.” It also added: “SSASCGOC recognises the power given to FIRS by the law to collect stamp duty, the power given to NIPOST by law to produce the stamp must also be recognised. That is the reason we are saying that stamp duty which is the major instrument to demote duties is a legal product owned by NIPOST and should be procured by FIRS to carry out the collection.” The union, according to Comrade Olorunfemi, has the sole responsibility to unionize all senior staff in statutory organizations in the country and protect their interests. He emphasized that this has also been supported by the pronouncement of the National Industrial Court (NIC) judgments of December 17, 2019, and May 2020. “SSASCGOC has responsibilities towards the protection of the interest of all senior staff of Statutory Corporations in Nigeria including FIRS as pronounced by the NIC judgments of December 17, 2019 and May 2020”, he said. The union general secretary said SSASCGOC would not allow itself to be provoked by an attempt by another union to blackmail it over its struggle on the issue and its insistence that the FIRS should not usurp NIPOST responsibility to produce stamp, but buy stamps from NIPOST to be used for its stamp duties. The statement read: “SSASCGOC has noted the lies and blackmail by one of the unions in its attempt towards pitching the management and staff of FIRS against this union. Consequently, the need to set the record straight. “SSASCGOC, no matter the provocation will not join issue with any union. We are developmental; we don’t swim in the mud. SSASCGOC has responsibilities towards the protection of the interest of all senior staff of statutory corporations in Nigeria including FIRS as pronounced by the NIC judgments of December, 2019 and May 2020. “We are confident that the hardworking staff of FIRS will not  be pleased if their counterpart in NIPOST becomes redundant due to the illegal removal of one of their core mandates. The Finance Act did not give power to FIRS to produce stamps.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE