PRACTITIONERS in the nation’s marketing communications space have, again, charged the federal government to reconstitute the board of the Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON), it dissolved on resumption of office, in 2015, to enable the industry maximise its potential. The practitioners made the call at the 35th edition of the Annual General Meeting of the Outdoor Advertisers Association of Nigeria (OAAN), held recently in Lagos. Speaking at the meeting tagged, ’OOH Business and Emerging Realities’, conducted  both virtually and physically, the association’s  president, Mr. Emmanuel Ajufo  likened  the industry without a properly- constituted  APCON-board to ‘a sheep without shepherd’. He noted that the refusal of the federal government to re-constitute the APCON board it dissolved in 2015 bore eloquent testimony to the level of disdain the industry was being held by  those in authority. Ajufo, therefore, called on sectoral heads in the industry to come together with the aim of putting  pressure on the relevant government agencies saddled with the responsibility of constituting the board with the aim of getting the issue permanently resolved. He also stressed the need for practitioners in the sector to come together to enable them effectively project the nation’s image, as the 60th anniversary of the country approaches. The meeting, which had heads of key sectoral bodies in attendance, also provided the opportunity for stakeholders to address the Covid-19 pandemic-induced challenges bedeviling the industry, and proffered solutions capable of lifting the advertising sub-sector out of its present doldrums. “Our industry is like a flock of sheep without a shepherd. This is because APCON has no Council, and this had been going on even before the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic. “Meanwhile, APCON without a Council is doing fairly well. One can only imagine what would happen if there were a council,” Ajufo said. Speaking in the same vein, the President of the Association of Advertising Agencies of Nigeria (AAAN),  Mr. Steve Babaeko, also  decried the  non-constitution of the APCON Council,  adding that the prolonged absence of a council in the apex regulatory body in the industry had posed a huge challenge to the entire industry. He, however, expressed his readiness to collaborate with other sectoral heads in the industry, with the aim of making the relevant authorities  do the right thing regarding constituting a council for the agency.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency
President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi
The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight?
HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman
Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms
Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom?
After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume
The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense!
MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray
Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE