Kwara State deputy governor, Mr Kayode Alabi, has tested negative for COVID-19. The Chief Press Secretary to Mr Alabi, Modupe Joel, said in a statement that the Deputy Governor tested negative on Friday evening August 28, 2020, after two rounds of COVID-19 tests. “It is with great joy that I announce to you that I tested negative to Coronavirus. I want to use this medium to appreciate God, the Author and Finisher of my faith and also to thank everyone who stood by me during this trying period. “Equally to be thanked is my boss, His Excellency, Mallam AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq for his uncommon commitment to the fight against COVID-19 and his leadership. I am also grateful to the Technical Committee members.” The statement further reiterated that COVID-19 is real and deadly and urged people to take responsibility by adhering to the medical protocols and government guidelines to eradicate the virus. “I wish to restate that COVID-19 is real. Let us all come together and fight this common enemy to a halt,” the statement said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Kwara deputy governor recovers Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Kwara deputy governor recovers  Kwara deputy governor recovers Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Kwara deputy governor recovers  Kwara deputy governor recovers