The remains of late Senator Buruji Kashamu was laid to rest at about 12.45 pm in his Ijebu-Igbo home, as sympathisers defied social distancing protocol to bid him farewell. The crowd could not be controlled by security agents when the body was brought out from his building. The Janazah prayer was led by the Sheik Mikail Sile Rufia, the Mufti of Ogun State. The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, was among the symphatisers who paid a condolence visit on the family. Abiodun arrived at the Kashamu home at about 10.39am in the company of some of his cabinet members. Speaking with journalists after his visit, Governor Abiodun described his friend of 25 years as courageous, passionate and a cheerful giver. He added that the political landscape in the state would not be the same without him. Abiodun said, “Senator Buruji is someone I have known for the past 25 years. He was very courageous, passionate and most importantly a cheerful giver especially to the needy. “His death is one too many for the people of Ogun State. The state political landscape will never be the same without him. We offer our deepest condolences on behalf of myself, my family and all the good people of Ogun State. “We pray the Almighty will accept his soul, forgive his sins and grant him eternal peace.” In his tribute, former Senator Adegbenga Kaka, described the death of Kashamu as a loss, saying he lived his life in the way God wanted him to live. He prayed that God would forgive his shortcomings and grant him eternal rest. Dr Reuben Abati, who was Kashamu’s running mate during 2019 gubernatorial election, said the late politician was “grossly misunderstood” in his lifetime. He also described him as “a very kind and large-hearted man”, who invested in the lives of less privileged across the state. Abati, however, expressed concern that a number of those who benefitted from him politically failed to show up at the burial. Meanwhile, the three-time member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Abiodun Akinlade, in his condolence message, said Kashamu’s departure came when his political experience and services are most needed in the state. “Prince lived a life worthy of emulation as a man of strong conviction, versatility, brilliance, and philanthropic gestures. Ogun State has lost a man of strong will and a good fighter; a man you must love to hate and hate to love. “His sudden demise will in no small way affects numerous people especially the downtrodden, his political, business associates and family members,” he added. Those present at the burial were the senator representing Ogun East, Senator Lekan Mustapha; former deputy governor of the state, Prince Segun Adesegun and the State Commissioner for Environment, Abiodun Abudu-Balogun. Many of Kashamu’s political associates were conspicuously absent at the burial. The widow of the deceased, Susan, and children wept uncontrollably as the body was lowered to the grave. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state…Kashamu laid to rest Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world…Kashamu laid to rest The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them…Kashamu laid to rest We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate…Kashamu laid to rest Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption…Kashamu laid to rest Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.