In what could be regarded as a star-studded film featuring movie stars such as, Peju Ogunmola, Kunle Afod himself, Kemi Afolabi, Jude Chukwuka, Kayode Olaiya (Aderupoko) and many more, Kunle Afod has put together another fascinating family movie which he entitled: ‘Oye Awodi’. The movie which was shot in the ancient city of Ibadan was written, produced and directed by Afod himself and, according to him, the movie tackles a serious and common menace in today’s homes. Speaking further on this, Afod said: “Most married ladies today believe the power bestowed on their husbands is too much and that is why they advocate for gender equality. “So, this story takes a twist in the characters and I thought, let us look at it from the angle of wives acting as husbands. You’d see that they will become more arrogant and even misuse the power given to them. The viewers should look out for another version of Kunle Afod as I played the role of the abused husband.” Also speaking with Saturday Tribune on her role in the movie, Kemi Afolabi, who played the lead role alongside Kunle Afod said: “Since I have been acting for over a decade, I have never played such a role. I played the role of the bossy wife and you know, in the normal African setting, the husband should be the head and control the home, while the wife must be submissive. But in this movie, reverse is the case. It is a must-watch and my fans should definitely look out for it.” Another exceptional thing Afod did about the casting was to bring the old and young generations of actors together in the movie. According to him, these veterans have roles they still play in today’s movies. The movie, however, features veteran actors and actresses such as Peju Ogunmola, Kayode Olaiya (Aderupoko), Jude Chukwuka, Ayobami Olabiyi, Taofeek Salami and many more. Some of the veterans gave their views about the movie and the producer, Kunle Afod. Kayode Olaiya (Aderupoko) a comic actor, who has over 50 years acting experience and played one of the most important roles in Oye Awodi, described the producer as one who is known for dishing out great movie scripts and also makes sure he designates the right character in the right role. The movie is expected to be released before the end of the year and it is expected to be available on all streaming platforms.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …