The chairman, Oyo State Hospitals Management Board, Dr Gbola Adetunji, has harped on the need for efficient and effective   monitoring system in health sector, saying that this will afford the general public the opportunity to get the needed health care at appropriate time. Dr  Adetunji stated this while  inspecting the health facilities at St. Peter’s Hospital, Aremo, Oni and Sons  Hospital, Ring road and Jericho Specialist Hospital, all in Ibadan . The board chairman emphasized the need for concerned authorities in various facilities in the state to ensure that both the medical personnel and non – medical personnel under their watch work as a team, noting that it would make people of the state enjoy qualitative health care services. Dr Adetunji , who expressed delight on dedication to duty by personnel in the hospitals, said  efforts were ongoing towards building on the existing structures to make the facilities more productive. He said: “The facility tour became imperative for the board to find out the problems or perhaps challenges in each facility and to respond to such holistically, towards improving health care services in the state.” “We are going to see how to increase the hours the hospitals have access to power supply, probably 24 hours in a day, to avert the delay of test results from laboratories through alternative power supply. “Also, the renovation of structures and supply of necessary equipment to make health workers more efficient and professional in discharge of duties are the priority of this administration.” He said further ,”part of our mandate as board of the health sector, include  the upgrading of nine tertiary health care facilities in the state to antonymous institutions that would be self-sufficient, self-sustaining  self-accounting, as well as training centres for resident doctors, specialist nurses amongst others. “Another area of our focus is the upgrading of general hospitals to semi – autonomous institutions, manpower development and empowerment. All these will further make health care services accessible, affordable and qualitative.” It would be recalled that the team had earlier visited Adeoyo Maternity Teaching Hospital, Yemetu and Ring Road Specialist Hospital, Ibadan for same purpose.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN