The Lagos state chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC has adopted former CEO of Polaris Bank, Tokunbo Abiru as the party’s consensus aspirant for the forthcoming Lagos East Senatorial district by-election scheduled to hold October 31. State chairman of the party, Hon Tunde Balogun disclosed this in a telephone interview with Saturday Tribune on Friday. According to him, although Abiru is the sole aspirant, primary is going to be held to validate his candidacy. He said, “Tokunbo Abiru is not APC candidate yet. He is our consensus aspirant. Our party leaders have agreed to have him as consensus aspirant but in accordance to our constitution, we are still going to have primary in our party. He is the only aspirant that has bought the form to contest for the seat. It is when the primary is held that he can become our candidate. The primary is September 3. The time for purchase and submission of form has expired. He is the sole aspirant but we still have to do our primary to confirm his candidacy. The primary is an affirmation of his aspiration therefore we have to do it.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…