Operatives of the Ogun State Police Command, on Tuesday, shot dead the wanted serial killer, Feyisola Dosunmu, also known as ‘Spartan’. Tribune Online recalled that ‘Spartan’ was declared wanted by the Police over a series of killings in Iperu and Ogere communities in the state. The suspect was reported to have hacked no fewer than seven people to death in both communities, leaving residents to live in palpable fear. Speaking with newsmen, the State Police Commissioner, Edward Ajogun, after briefing the state Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on how the serial killer, ‘Spartan’ was discovered in an enclave in Ogere community by his men with the assistance of other security stakeholders. The Police boss said the suspect attempted to attack his men with a cutlass and other dangerous weapons which ‘forced’ them to maim him through gunshots on his limbs and legs. ‘Spartan’ was said to have died as a result of the bullets riddled on those parts of his body. “His modus operandi is this, he lives in the bushes in the community there from time to time, he sneaked out and macheted his victims to death. Then he progressed in that manner to selective victims, macheted them to death, then dashed back to the bush. “We employed the reactive means of always combing the bush each time this thing happens. So, he started this in April then on the 21 again, the serial killer by name Samuel Dosunmu aka Spartan killed another victim. “Then the governor called that I should try my all means to make sure I put a halt to the senseless killings, of course, the Inspector General of Police also directed that we must fish out the killer, so from that 21st till date, we have been combing the bushes to effect his arrest. “Yesterday (Monday) we almost arrested him, but he slipped through our fingers. So , I now felt it is important to employ technology. So, we contacted our technical platform in Abuja who actually provided us assistance. “Today (Tuesday), we were able to have a pin-point location where he was hiding and we engaged him, he broke bottles again, drew the cutlass that had been using to hack people to death, then of course we replied. We maimed him on the leg fortunately it turned out to be a fatal injury,” he said. Abiodun in his remarks commended all security agencies for doing a ‘yeoman’s’ job in ensuring that peace and tranquillity reign in the affected communities. He promised that his administration would not rest on its oars in ensuring that the state is crime-free and safe for investors to operate. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his… My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports… Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN