The time has come for the Federal Government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari to honour two prominent Nigerian citizens and legal icons of great talents: Professor Olusesan Oliyide and Chief Adeniyi Akintola (SAN). Professor Olusesan Oliyide is the immediate former dean Faculty of Law, Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago Iwoye, Ogun state while Chief Adeniyi Akintola (SAN) is the former APC governorship aspirant in the APC governorship primary election conducted in 2019 in Oyo state. For several years, both Professor Oliyide and Chief Akintola (SAN), known by many Nigerians home and abroad as legal giants, have been using their good offices silently to assist the children of under privileged without making it known to the public. It is my humble opinion as a Nigerian who has benefited from their good deeds to bring this to the notice of President Buhari so as not to forget to include their names while compiling the lists of notable Nigerians for this year’s national award. It is the duty of government to recognise and also cherish the good deeds of its patriotic citizens by honouring them with national honour. If this is done, this will encourage them to do more and it will also gear up other Nigerians to help the children of the poor. Government alone can’t do everything for the masses; successful Nigerians should join the government to liberate the children of the poor who are indigent law students in Nigeria from the shackles of poverty.  Jimoh Mumin Esq,  Ibadan.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North…