The Minister of Transportation, Hon. Rotimi Amaechi at the weekend disclosed that the $50 million University of Transportation currently under construction in Daura, Kastina State by the China Railway Construction Corporation (CRCC), is a gift and not a contract. Amaechi while inspecting the project said “there was so much noise about CRCC not constructing anything, but when we got here, you can see that they are constructing. “They just got approval from the state government, work will commence fully by the end of September, and hopefully, they will complete it by the end of September next year. This is not a contract, it is a gift from them.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: JAMB lifts suspension on pre-2020 UTME services The Minister also asked CRCC to include one or two Primary schools and a secondary school within the University. He said the schools will serve the children of the lecturers who will come from outside of Kastina State. The University which will cost $50, million is part of the social responsibility of the CRCC for the construction of Lagos-Ibadan rail line and hopefully Ibadan-Kano rail line. Amaechi stated that CRCC has assured him of their full commitment to the construction of the University, adding that the University will “cost them $50 million.” The Minister further explained that the brain behind the $50 million University is to acquire the technology needed to operate the railway system currently being built by China Civil Engineering Construction Company (CCECC) in the near future. While receiving  Amaechi, the Governor of Kastina State, Alh. Bello Masari thanked the Minister for the enormous project which according to him portends limitless opportunities for his people. He promised to provide security and support in whatever form to ensure the project becomes a reality.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …