The High Court sitting in Akure, Ondo State capital, has sentenced a middle-aged tricycle rider, Blessing Kingsley, to life imprisonment for raping a 14-year-old girl and infected her with Hepatitis B. Kingsley who was dragged before the court for committing the offence on July 12, 2018, in Ondo town in Ondo West Local Government Area of the state while he offered to convey the victim to her residence, but lured the teenager to his house. The accused was said to have driven the girl to his house where he forcefully raped her before dropping the girl in her home. The girl reported the incident to her parent while the accused was arrested after which a test was conducted on the victim where it was detected that the teenager has been infected with Hepatitis B. Kingsley who testified for himself at the Court during the trial denied raping the girl while four witnesses testified against him. The Presiding Judge, Justice Bode Adegbehingbe, in his judgement delivered on Monday said the prosecution had proved the case beyond a reasonable doubt. Justice Adegbehingbe said the weight of evidence proved without a doubt that Kingsley was guilty of the one-count charge of rape and sentenced the accused to life imprisonment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years
THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever
This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… The 9Cs Of Success
Success is the dream of everyone but the reality of a few. While it is possible for everyone to be successful, it is only those who are willing to put into practise the principles that engender success that prime themselves for success. Here are some of the success-enabling principles, all of which start with… FACT CHECK: Did Buruji Kashamu Die On Same Date With His Mother?
CLAIM: A viral photo which was circulated on social media claim that late Senator Buruji Kashamu died on August 8 just like his mother who died in 2019… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.