Gombe State Governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has assured that his administration will continue to patronise indigenous engineers and contractors in order to grow the local economy and enhance human capital development in the state. The Governor stated this when he granted audience to the national leadership of the Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria, {COREN}, led by its President and Chairman in Council, Engr. Ali Almasuya Rabiu. He said that the ambition of his administration is to catapult the State into the lead which is only possible through the involvement of engineers who design, monitor and control structures for the overall benefit of the people. He assured COREN of his administration’s support especially towards the formation of the State Chapter of the Engineering Management Committee (EMC). Inuwa Yahaya said that with the COVID-19 pandemic ripping through the economies of the world, nothing can be done to catapult change and bring development without the involvement of engineers. “If you don’t create a business by stimulating activities in engineering design and construction, hardly can you improve on the economy,” the Governor stressed. He said that the world powers such as the United States of America with the biggest economy depend on the provision of infrastructures to keep their economic growth afloat and warned that if Nigeria and Nigerians do not embrace and patronize indigenous engineers and contractors, the country will find it difficult to change its fortunes. The Governor also assured the leadership of COREN that his administration will continue to patronize local engineers and contractors so that the economy can be stimulated for the benefit of the livelihood and prosperity of the people. He said, “I always say that our inability to put to practice what we learn in schools and in offices or at seminars has hindered the level of development of the Nigerian economy.” ALSO READ: Omo-Agege urges FG to shelve plans to scrap Amnesty Programme He said keeping knowledge without putting it into practice can be detrimental to the nation’s quest for greatness, adding that Gombe State will encourage the practice of engineering in the state. The Governor revealed that his administration is in talks with the National University Commission, NUC and TETfund so that State-owned University can begin to offer engineering courses. He, however, challenged the leadership of COREN to interface with the federal government on the need for a policy that can make it mandatory for all and sundry to patronize local content. Speaking earlier, the President of the Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria COREN, Engr. Ali Almasuya Rabiu said they were in the State to intimate the Governor on the need for his nomination into the Gombe State Technical Committee of the Engineering Regulation Monitoring, ERM. He said that COREN is an agency of Government, created by decree 55 of 1970 and amended by decree 27 of 1992 to regulate the practice of Engineering in all aspects and ramifications. The COREN National President commended Governor Inuwa Yahaya for the infrastructural development by his administration. He said: “When I came into town, I drove around the State capital and it was glaring that the Governor is leaving nothing to chance in terms of transforming the state,” as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant Media and Publicity to the Governor  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’
IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor
President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’
EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out
On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi
I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip
The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…