All organs of the Association of Local Governments of Nigeria (ALGON) on Thursday after a closed-door meeting passed a vote of confidence on the national leadership of the Association under Comrade Kolade David Alabi. According to Jingi Rufai, the ALGON chairman Adamawa State who moved the motion, the membership of ALGON unanimously agreed to pass a vote of confidence on the leadership at the national level. Addressing newsmen after the meeting, he said, “We remain resolute, committed, united and undivided. Having reviewed some of the issues bothering ALGON at the National level, we have unanimously agreed to pass a vote of confidence in the leadership at the National level. This vote of confidence is being passed by the 774 local governments of the federation.” The ALGON chairman in Niger State, Ibrahim Abubakar Bosso who seconded the motion pledged the loyalty of ALGON members in his state, adding that the division in ALGON emanated from his state where a chairman declared himself as the chairman of an Interim Management Committee. He noted that the 24 Local Government Areas in Niger State were in support of the Alabi’s executive while the ‘rebel’ in their midst would be made to tender an unreserved apology to the National Executive Council of ALGON. Most of the speakers hailed the current leadership, saying that Alabi had fought to retrieve the ALGON House which was almost sold. While thanking his colleagues for the confidence they reposed in him, the ALGON president promised that his leadership will take ALGON to a greater height. According to him, “there will be no retreat and no surrender. It is when we have vibrant LG in Nigeria is when we can boast of Nigeria.  We want to reposition this institution. “It is our resolution that we are to change the narrative. We are poised to take ALGON to a greater height.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE