Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Sunday presented Staff of Office and Instrument of Appointment to the Alara of Ilara in Eredo Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of the state, Oba Olufolarin Olukayode Ogunsanwo, reiterating his administration’s commitment to the fulfilment of his promise to spread infrastructure to all parts of Lagos State including Epe Division. Sanwo-Olu, while speaking during the presentation at Alara’s palace in Ilara, said royal fathers were indispensable partners of government due to the roles they play as agents of development, promoters of peace and peaceful coexistence among all people and residents within their domain. The governor assured the state government would continue to collaborate with traditional rulers in the state and ensure that their welfare was accorded the attention it deserved, even as he rejoiced with the monarch on the ascension of the throne. ancestors. He said his choice by the kingmakers and wide acceptance by his people to lead them and be the custodian of the culture and tradition of the kingdom was a reflection of their trust and confidence in his ability to positively impact the fortune of the land and its people. “On behalf of myself, the government and people of Lagos State, I rejoice with Your Royal Majesty as you ascend the stool of your ancestors. Your choice by the Kingmakers and wide acceptance by your people to lead them and be the custodian of the culture and tradition of this Kingdom is a reflection of their trust and confidence in your ability to positively impact the fortune of this landscape and its people. “Kabiyesi, your position as Chairman of Epe Divisional Council of Obas and Chiefs as well as Vice Chairman at the state level confers on you great responsibility which you are expected to discharge with a high sense of responsibility guided by the overall interest of our dear state. “You have a responsibility to provide leadership, promote cooperation, friendship and the spirit of togetherness among the comity of royal fathers and chiefs within the division and at the state level,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said. The governor also enjoined Oba Ogunsanwo to use his wealth of experience for the development of Ilara, Epe Division and Lagos State as a whole, noting that the monarch was bringing to the revered stool a rich background of decades of experience and accomplishments in his professional calling and an astute administrator. “It gives me great joy to note that Your Royal Majesty is bringing to this highly revered stool a rich background of decades of experience and accomplishments in your professional calling and an astute administrator. Part of these accomplishments was recorded during your tenure as Executive Chairman of the State Internal Revenue Service,” he said. “All of these, I have no doubt, Your Royal Majesty will bring to bear on the development of Ilara, Epe Division and Lagos State as a whole. “Now that Kabiyesi has ascended the throne, I enjoin all the sons and daughters of Ilara to rally round the king so that his reign will be glorious and usher in unprecedented development to this ancient and historic kingdom,” he added. Governor Sanwo-Olu also commiserated with the people of Epe over Saturday’s death of the Balogun of Epe and member of the Governor’s Advisory Council (GAC) of the Lagos State All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Lanre Razak. Governor Sanwo-Olu led some state cabinet members, which include his deputy, Dr Obafemi Hamzat; Head of Service (HoS), Mr Hakeem Muri-Okunola; Chief of Staff (CoS), Mr Tayo Ayinde and Commissioner Justice and Attorney-General, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), among others to pay a condolence visit to the family of the late Razak at the late APC chieftain residence in Epe. He described the late APC chieftain was an illustrious son of Lagos State and a great leader who was well known for his passionate commitment to the development of his people and Lagos State. “Let me use this opportunity to commiserate with the people of Epe division on the sad and painful demise of Chief Lanre Razak KLM, an illustrious son of our state and a great leader who is well known for his passionate commitment to the development of his people and Lagos State. “May Almighty Allah grant his soul a peaceful rest and may He give his family, friends and associates the fortitude to bear his painful loss,” he said. Also speaking at Razak’s residence, the state deputy governor, Dr Hamzat, also condoled with the deceased family, saying the APC chieftain left a good legacy for those coming behind him, urging the family to emulate the good virtues of the late Razak. Responding on behalf of the deceased family, late Razak’s first son, Ibrahim, said his father left a good legacy for them, assuring that the family would do everything possible to ensure the investment would not be in vain. “He left a good legacy for us. He was a giver of love, kindness and money. He had given so much to his family, state and the country. We are sure that the harvest will come. We hope the state will remember him,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE STATE OF ECONOMY: How Nigeria Is Eating Its Future, Spent Over 90% Of Revenue On Debt Servicing INDICATION that Nigeria’s economy is still in the throes of death has continued to emerge with the current low revenue it is generating from oil sale and increasing demands on its foreign debt obligation especially. The parlous state of the economy is heightened by the revelation that most of the revenue…Sanwo-Olu presents staff of office FACT CHECK: Somalia President, Deputy DID NOT Fight In Viral VIDEO CLAIM: Somalia President, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo and his vice exchanged blows to the point of wrestling themselves to the ground. VERDICT: MISLEADING FULL STORY: Nigerian media space was abuzz on Saturday, August 15, 2020, with a viral video which claims to show President of Somalia, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo publicly exchanged blows with his vice…Sanwo-Olu presents staff of office NBS Says 21.76m Nigerians Unemployed In 2020 THE National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) has put the total number of unemployed Nigerians at 21,764,617. The figure is contained in the bureau’s Labor Force Statistics website entitled “Unemployment and Underemployment Report (Q2 2020) released in Abuja. It referred to the report as an Abridged Labour Force Survey under COVID-19 for August 2020. According to NBS, the unemployment rate during the period under review…Sanwo-Olu presents staff of office Our Fears As 2020 WASSCE Beckons: SS3 Students Speak On Inability To Finish Syllabus, Other Issues After a long unexpected delay occasioned by the lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic, the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) will begin in 19,129 accredited centres nationwide on August 17. Some candidates hoping to write the examination spoke with IMOLEAYO OYEDEYI and ADEOLA OTEMADE on their fears and expectations…Sanwo-Olu presents staff of office SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE