Osun State government on Monday announced a new schedule for the reopening of schools in the state, fixing resumption of schools for September 21, 2020. In a statement by the Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Mrs Funke Egbemode, at the end of this week’s State Executive Council meeting, the government said while stakeholders are expected to continue to put protocols in place towards the reopening of schools according to the guidelines set by the Federal Ministry of Education, all schools in the state are set to resume in phases with effect from September 21 for an abridged third term of the 2019/2020 academic session. The statement read in part: “Having conducted an assessment of schools within the state to ascertain the level of preparations for reopening, the government has scheduled schools to resume from the COVID-19 break on September 21st for an abridged third term of the 2019/2020 academic session, which is expected to end on October 30, 2020. “To make up for lost grounds caused by the COVID-19 induced lockdown, a new academic session (2020/2021 session) is scheduled to commence on November 9, 2020. “Because of the Yuletide, schools will be expected to take a brief recess from December 24, 2020, to resume on January 4, 2021, for the concluding part of the first term of the new session which is scheduled to end January 22, 2021. The resumption date for the second term is set for February 1, and scheduled to end April 9. The third term of that session commences on April 26, and runs till July 23”, the statement read. The government further explained that the announced schedule applies only to primary and secondary schools, adding that tertiary Institutions are also expected to reopen on September 21, but required to plan their schedules. The state government enjoined stakeholders to continue to fine tune their preparations in the coming days towards ensuring a seamless enforcement of the announced schedule. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…Osun to reopen schools Osun to reopen schools Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…Osun to reopen schools Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…Osun to reopen schools Osun to reopen schools