An oversea-based Nigerian actor-cum-movie producer, Ayo Balogun, has revealed how coronavirus pandemic stopped him from shooting a proposed Blockbuster Movie. Balogun, who is also known as Bugantra, also hinted on factors he considered before taking up a movie script. “In this year 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic was really a huge setback as I couldn’t produce a very big project I planned, it was meant to be shot outside the shores of Nigeria, all cast crew couldn’t travel down. When taking a script and a movie role, I take high consideration of the story line and locations as they are two primary yardsticks to make our production worth it. Well over the years I have been more into the production, but I will love to still work on directing movies and have some major movies that could be everywhere,” he added. Speaking on some of the challenges in the industry, Bugantra said: “I can mention a lot of loop holes in the movie industry in Nigeria, but I will only mention the main ones I grew up observing while I was having my early life in Nigeria. I have studied the Nollywood industry for some years and it always break my heart to see the high level of piracy the industry cankerworms take us down with.” “It’s heart breaking to see you sharing the dividends of your creativity with a scammer who doesn’t even have an idea on how much you have worked to create such project.This bad eggs are known but cannot be taken down completely due to selfish reasons. Except you have a strong security against their forces”. Bugantra has involved in several movies including , “Motigbo” in 2018, “Aije Yalemi” in 2019, “Back to Sender”, “Bone of my Bones”, “Barbers Shop” and his latest work, “Boomerang”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…” BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE