In his determined efforts to fight the scourge of snakebite in the state, Gombe Governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has approved and released the sum of N5,000,000.00 for the immediate procurement and prepositioning of anti-snake venom doses at the Kaltungo snakebite treatment and research centre. State Commissioner of Health, Dr Ahmed Muhammad Gana who disclosed this in a statement on Friday, said that the gesture was in response to the recent increase in a number of cases of snakebite and envenomation in the hilly areas of the southern zone of the state. He noted that the occurrences of cases of snakebites often peak during the rainy season, particularly affecting farmers as they engaged in their farming activities. The Commissioner stated that “In this vein, the Governor calls the attention of the people living in the high-risk areas to take all precautionary measures, and urgently report to the treatment centre in the event of snakebite incidence”. Ahmed Gana added that the Ministry of Health will continue to engage in proactive measures in controlling the endemic problem of snakebite in these high-risk areas through health education, community engagement, provision of treatment commodities as well as safety wears where applicable. He also assured that the Gombe State Government is doing everything possible to protect its people from all health emergencies in the State. Snakebite and envenomation are major public health problems in Gombe State, especially in the hilly southern region of the state, where the Kaltungo Treatment and Research Center is strategically sited, and has been operational for over 80 years. The centre serves the people of Gombe State and also attends to hundreds of cases coming annually from Adamawa, Bauchi, Borno, Plateau, Taraba, Yobe, Nassarawa and Jigawa states for treatment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper…anti-snake venom WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… anti-snake venom Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza.anti-snake venom 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by …anti-snake venom Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the…anti-snake venom Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE