A Real Estate Mogul and The Chairman, Oxford International Group, Mr. Teniola Adesanya has said affordable housing is necessary for the development of the country. Teniola made this known during a courtesy visit to the chairman, Abuja Municipal Council Area, Hon. Abdullahi Candido on it’s new innovative subsidiaries in the area. He said that it is very important especially at this trying times that the country is experiencing a dreaded Coronavirus pandemic. The Chairman added that the poverty level in the country is a major condiment as so many people live below one dollar per day. Speaking also, The Executive Director Customer Relation, Oxford International Group, Mr. Goodluck Olatunde who explained that the rationale for the meeting was to inspect how the business empire can be moved to Abuja. He added that it will enable people over there to enjoy the company’s value-added benefits. Goodluck also promised that partnering with them will bring huge return of profit to them. While speaking, The Chairman, Abuja Municipal Council Area, Hon. Adamu Candido expressed a pleasant and rewarding working relationship with the company. He lauded the passion and desire of the youthful Nigerians in changing the narratives of entrepreneurship in Nigeria NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.