The National Examinations Council has released the timetable and guidelines for the conduct of the 2020 Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (SSCE) for students. NECO Registrar, Professor Godswill Obioma, who announced the release of the timetable at a press briefing at the Council’s Headquarters in Minna, Niger State capital disclosed that the examination would begin on October 5 and end on November 18, 2020. Speaking at the event tagged the “Making the Conduct Of Public Examinations Work in the COVID-19 Era,” Obioma, said the NECO Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) will hold between Monday, August 24 and September 4, while the National Common Entrance Examination (NECO) for Junior Secondary School into the Federal Unity Colleges would hold on October 17. ALSO READ: Your desperation shows ulterior motive, Ortom replies Miyeitti Allah This came two weeks after the Federal Government released a comprehensive schedule for various national examinations for exit classes including Junior Secondary School (JSS) 3 and Senior Secondary School (SSS) 3. Chukwuemeka Nwajuiba, the Minister of State for Education, who made the announcement on July 29 in Abuja after a series of meetings with chief executives of examination bodies in the country revealed that NECO examination will start on October 5 and end on November 18. According to him, the National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB) examinations will start on September 21 and end on October 15. “Other details of the schedule indicate that the Senior Secondary School Certificate Examinations, for SS3, conducted by NECO will start on October 5 and end on November 18, 2020,” he said. He explained that the Basic Education Certificate Examinations (BECE) for JSS 3 students, also conducted by NECO, will start on August 24 and end on September 4.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.