Bauchi State Chapter of Joint Health Sector Union and Assembly of Health Care Professionals, (JOHESU) has declared its resolve to embark on an indefinite strike action effective from Thursday, August 6. The union stated in a statement issued on Wednesday that the indefinite strike action became necessary to protest the unilateral deductions made by the state government in its members June 2020 salaries. According to the statement signed by its State Secretary, Usman Danturaki, a copy of which was made available to Journalists dated August 5th, 2020, was titled, ‘Commencement of strike action by JOHESU members’. ALSO READ: Fayemi threatens to invoke ‘no work no pay’ rule on striking Ekiti doctors It reads, “Following the inability of the government to reverse its decision on the deductions unilaterally made in the month of June to our members, coupled with its blatant refusal to offer any convincing reason as a rationale behind the deduction despite series of promises made; and based on the resolution reached at the state executive council meeting held on 4th August 2020, we are embarking on indefinite strike action.” To the members across the state, the Union directed,” You are hereby directed to commence an indefinite strike action from 12.00 am of Thursday, 6th August 2020 until further directed.” As of the time of filing this report, officials of the state Ministry of Health and other health-related agencies could not be reached for reaction to the development, neither the Commissioner of Health nor the Executive Chairman of Bauchi State Primary Health Care Development Agency responded to calls made to their respective phone numbers.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfil his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE