Gunmen have again killed 22 people, while several others were injured in fresh attacks on three communities in Zangon Kataf Local Government of Kaduna State. The attack was said to have taken place at Kurmin Masara, Apyia Shyim, and Takmawai on Thursday. The fresh attack is coming after the state Commissioner of Police, Umar Muri, confirmed the deployment of more policemen to four local government areas of Southern Kaduna. Though the state police could not confirm the recent attacks as the police image maker, ASP Muhammad Jalige said the police authorities are yet to be brief,  the Chairman of Zango Kataf local government, Elias Manza affirmed in an interview that the gunmen invaded the four communities. ALSO READ: Why I returned to APC ― Sen Gemade, former PDP national chairman According to him, the attacks took place in the early hours of Thursday morning when the hoodlums started shooting at people in their houses. He said seven people were killed in Takmawai, while 13 others were killed in Kurmin Masara and two Shyhim Manza also disclosed that several houses were burnt down by the attackers while residents have fled from their homes to neighbouring communities for fear of more attacks. It would be recalled that the Kaduna State Government imposed a 24-hour curfew in Zangon Kataf and Kauru Local Government Areas on June 11th, 2020.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.