Saner ways of disseminating political broadcasting, sterner sanctions for hate speech and stricter checks on anti-competitive behaviours form the highlights of the reviewed Code of Broadcasting, unveiled recently by the National Broadcasting Commission  (NBC). For instance, unlike the 5th Code, erring broadcast stations, especially those found to contravene the provisions on hate speech, are now expected to pay a fine of N5 million in the new code; a clear departure from the N500,000 stipulated by the commission in the previous code. Besides the sterner sanction for purveyors of hate speech, prohibition of exclusive use of rights by broadcasters, with the intention of monopolizing the entire market segment, remains another industry-shaking provision contained in the new code. The reviewed code would also no longer  allow for a backlog of advertising debts so as to promote sustainability for the station owners and producers of content. Another highpoint of the code is the  law on registration of web broadcasting, which  grants the country the opportunity to regulate negative foreign broadcasts that can harm her citizenry. While unveiling the reviewed code in Lagos, recently, the Acting Director General of the Commission, Professor Armstrong Idachaba, argued that the new reviewed code had become imperative to enable the Commission to properly regulate broadcasting in Nigeria. He noted that certain provisions, in the previous code, had become outdated and could no longer help the agency in its day-to-day regulation of the space. Also speaking on the new code, the Minister of Information, Alhaji Lai Moahmmed explained that the amendments were necessitated by a presidential directive in the wake of the 2019 general elections, for an inquiry into the regulatory role of the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC), as well as the conduct of the various broadcast stations before, during and after the elections. He added that some of the provisions were not entirely new, noting that the issue of  exclusivity was  once disallowed in the history of  the nation’s  broadcasting. “I recall Multichoice sub-licensing EPL matches to other local operators in Nigeria. I recall HITV engaging several local operators on sub-licensing the EPL when they got the rights. “Sub-licensing and rights sharing create opportunities for local operators to also gain traction and raise revenue for their services,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.