Three weeks to the September 19 Edo State governorship election, the two main parties, the All Progressives Congress (APC) and People’s Democratic Party (PDP) again bickered over the security report by the Inspector General of Police, Alhaji Abubakar Adamu. The Election Security Threat Analysis report of the Inspector General of Police had warned of violence due to politicians’ importation of arms and thugs to Edo State in the run-up to the forthcoming polls. Against the backdrop of rising cases of violence in the run-up to the September 19 governorship election in Edo State, the state publicity secretary of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Mr Chris Nehikhare has raised an alarm of a plot aimed at declaring a state of emergency and postponing the election. Nehikhare who spoke with journalists in Benin yesterday reeled out series of violent attacks against members of the PDP, which he insisted were orchestrated by members of the other parties in a desperate effort to cause confusion and make it impossible to hold the election. Continuing, the scribe alleged that having realized through the conduct of an opinion poll that the PDP was going to record an overwhelming victory in 15 out of the 18 local government areas in the state, the opposition now resorted to mayhem so that the polls will be postponed. Notwithstanding the disruption of a rally of the All Progressives Congress (APC) by some thugs at Jattu, Etsako West Local Government Area, the hometown of the deputy governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu, he absolved the PDP of having a hand in the series of violence which has since gripped the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Council Chairman commends CACOVID According to him, some top members of the PDP were recently attacked at Agbede, Etsako West Local Government Area, the hometown of, Mallam Gani Audu, the APC running mate and at Okpe, Akoko Edo Local Government Area by some thugs. He said: “APC recently conducted an opinion poll which clearly shows that the PDP will win in 15 out of the 18 local government areas. Having realized that they will lose, they have now resorted to violence so that there will be a state of emergency and the election postponed. We are ready for a free and fair election.” Nehikhare made a passionate appeal to PDP supporters to keep the faith with the party and not take to violence, adding that the election should not be postponed but should hold as scheduled by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Nehikhare called on the Inspector General of Police, Abubakar Adamu to prosecute two suspects who he said have been arrested by the police for the shooting at Agbede and to expedite action at bringing to justice those who alleged shot PDP supporters at Okpe, Akoko Edo Local Government Area. Mayaki noted that the report backs its previous allegations of arms build-up and the ferrying of thugs from neighbouring states. Citing the attack on the Edo Assembly complex and the arrest of seven persons caught with firearms during the invasion, the APC spokesman of said the incident exposed the direct involvement in the arming and funding of thugs to carry out violent attacks across the state, alleging that pressure was mounted on the police to secure the release of the suspects who have now been charged to court. The APC also accused the governor of shielding his aides from the investigation after they were allegedly mentioned by the arrested suspects as their direct contact in the state government by securing a court order precluding them from arrest and prosecution. The statement read: “The Election Security Threat Analysis report is an affirmation of all our previous petitions, alarms, and warnings that the PDP is planning to mar the governorship election with large-scale violence to scare away voters because they are afraid of the people’s verdict after a four-year term of non-performance.” “We have filed video evidence of some of the violent attacks staged by known and identified thugs on live television. One of such is the attack on the Edo Assembly Complex where thugs and other supporters looted, vandalized and removed the roof of the Complex in broad daylight.” “At least seven of those thugs were arrested on that day by the police with dangerous firearms and it took sustained pressure from us for them to be charged to court. “We have video evidence of the attacks on our supporters at Ososo, Apana, Ekpedo, Jattu, and other Local Government Areas by thugs. We equally raised alarm on the unfortunate shooting of an innocent bystander in Igueben Local Government Area by thugs ferried into the state.” “Our appeal to the police to ensure the investigation of all our petitions, beginning with the seven arrested with firearms, so the truth of sponsorship of violence through criminal means can be established and made known to the public.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …