The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has restated its position that the claim of missing 48 million barrels of crude oil was outlandish. The oil corporation challenged the Senate to initiate a forensic audit of the alleged missing crude oil at the latter expenses. The NNPC, Chief Finance Officer, Umar Ajiya, threw the challenge at the Joint Senate Committee on Finance and Planning on the occasion of the public hearing on 2021-2023 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper (FSP). The event has commenced since Tuesday with heads of revenue-generating agencies making presentations before the joint Committee. Alhaji Ajiya’s outburst was sequel to the remarks by the Chairman of the Joint Committee and Senator representing Lagos West, Solomon Olamilekan Adeola who asked the representative of the Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Mele Kyari, to shed light on the alleged missing crude oil as reported by an online medium. Senator Adeola claimed Nigerians were not convinced by the refusal made by the oil giant through paid advertorial. Ajiya told the gathering of lawmakers and newsmen that no ship could sail out of the country with crude oil without vetting by the Nigerian Navy and Directorate of Petroleum and Resources (DPR). He said: “No ship leaves the country without clearance from the appropriate unit of the Nigerian Navy and there is no way any ship with such alleged stolen crude could escape from the Nigeria shore.” “As far as the NNPC is concerned, no barrel of crude oil is missing as falsely alleged and very ready to be investigated over it in the form of commissioning of a forensic audit by the National Assembly at its own cost.” ALSO READ: Police rescue 55-year-old man chained for 30 years to log of wood Responding to claim by the senator that the NNPC annual income and expenditure were shrouded in secrecy, the Chief Finance Officer of the corporation dismissed the claim as unfounded as he maintained that the budget of the corporation was subject to the scrutiny by the National Assembly which always carries out its statutory duty of consideration and passage of MTEF and FSP which contains revenue projections of the agency. “Proposals such as our revenue projections, cost of operations are well stated in all MTEF/FSP documents made available to National Assembly for consideration and approval, the basis upon which the Nation’s budget is passed and signed into law, meaning that it is you (National Assembly), that approves our yearly budget.” He equally defended the $21per barrel production cost the corporation is incurring on each barrel of crude oil, as against the $13 per barrel in most oil-producing countries. Earlier, Chairman of the joint Senate Committee has asked the NNPC to ensure a reduction in the cost of crude oil production as he noted that Nigeria cost of production is one of the highest in the world. “We can’t continue to be losing money. You have promised us that you are working round the clock. You have said you will bring it to $13 per barrel from the present $21 per barrel.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN