Sokoto State governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal has described strong institutions as the chips with which virile and scientific societies are built and sustained. Gov. Tambuwal made this assertion Thursday when he received a delegation of the Sokoto State chapter of the Alumni Association of the National Institute (AANI) at Government House, Sokoto. According to him, “if you have strong institutions, they will support personnel that are not well prepared. “That is why some of us believe in strong institutions,” the governor stated as he commended the foresight of the founders of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), “because governance and anything that has to do with the running of the affairs of mankind must be knowledge-driven and knowledge-based.” Gov. Tambuwal noted that “you can only be fully prepared if you have the capacity around you if at all you don’t have it yourself.” A statement by his media adviser, Muhammad Bello and made available to journalists in the state on Thursday said the governor pledged that his administration welcomes the suggestions and offer of the AANI to collaborate with the state government on the making of policy in all tiers of government in the state. In his address, the state chapter chairman of the AANI, Abubakar Sokoto Mohammed, said the association has “resolved to put the various intellectual, technocratic as well as multi-disciplinary expertise of our members at the disposal of your administration. “We decided to prioritize our contributions to policy formulation and implementation in the development of Sokoto State in the areas of security, education and healthcare, given the contemporary pressing challenges in our nation and Sokoto state,” Mohammed stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN