Maersk Line has instructed its commercial department to stop applying the peak season surcharge from 1st September 2020. According to a statement signed on Monday by the Head of Public Relations of the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC), Rakiya Zubairu, this is in response to protests by the NSC which recently convened a meeting of the Organized Private Sector to deliberate on the astronomical peak season surcharge imposed by shipping lines calling at Nigerian ports. ALSO READ: Our public universities are still unsafe for reopening ― ASUU “Following the protest by the NSC over the Peak Season Surcharge imposed by foreign shipping lines, the Union of African Shippers’ Council (UASC), subsequently backed the NSC’s call for immediate suspension of the peak season surcharge calling it a violation of previous UASC/European Community Shipowners Association (ECSA) agreement, which requires prior, mutual and reasonable notification of UASC and PMAWCA by individual shipping companies before any such imposition of a new tariff, surcharges or increase in transport cost is introduced. “A letter signed by Lara Lana, MD of MAERSK Nigeria and addressed to the ES/CEO of Nigerian Shippers’ Council, stated that ‘our principals in our Head Office have informed us of your letter with subject reference increase in peak season surcharge’. “The letter further stated that ‘we would like to thank you for the supporting document you shared shedding light on the meeting between the ECSA and UASC’,” the NSC statement read. Recall that foreign shipping lines had imposed Peak Season Surcharge of above $1000Dollars on all Nigerian bound cargoes.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…