Shareholders of Japaul Oil & Maritime Services Plc have approved major resolutions authorising the company to change its name, reconstruct its share capital and raise up to $70 million in new capital as part of significant redirection of the company towards growth and profitability. At the Annual General Meeting (AGM), shareholders approved the change of the company’s name from Japaul Oil & Maritime Services Plc to Japaul Gold and Ventures Plc to reflect its new business focus from oil and gas servicing sector into natural resource management, specifically the exploration, mining, processing and export of minerals such as gold and lithium among others. Shareholders also approved the reconstruction of all existing ordinary shares of 6.0 billion ordinary shares of 50 kobo each while also authorising an increase in authorised share capital to 60 billion ordinary shares. After the reconstruction, shareholders mandated the board to undertake public offering through a combination of any of book building and public offer to raise $70 million or its naira equivalent through all possible legitimate means. The net proceeds of the proposed new capital raising will be used to finance the completion of expanded explorations; mining activities; mineral processing; export; engineering design; procurement; installation of a gold processing plant and working capital among others. ALSO READ: Nigeria is in a fix, needs phenomenal push ― Fasua Chairman, Japaul Oil & Maritime Services Plc, Mr Paul Jegede said the changes underscored the company’s commitment and proactive nature in exploring opportunities to bring value to its shareholders. According to him, the diversification was due to the belief that natural resources are a viable substitute for oil, as necessitated by oil prices which have been nosediving even before the COVID-19 pandemic. “The mining of these natural resources is not only profitable, but it is also without any negative impact on the environment,” Jegede said. He noted that Japaul has already acquired mining and exploration licenses through buy-overs for the exploration, mining and exportation of gold, lithium, copper, tin, lead and zinc across seven states in Nigeria where strategic minerals have been discovered in commercial quantities and reserves. He added that the company has also started a landmark restructuring and transitioning to become Nigeria’s first indigenous publicly quoted company in that space. Group Managing Director, Japaul Oil & Maritime Services Plc, Mr Akin Oladapo said the diversification is as a result of the company’s five-year growth plan. “We had the foresight that the situation of the oil and gas sector would not improve for a long time, which is the case today. We started training ourselves in mining-related businesses and the rest is history. We have bought mining and exploration licenses for Gold, Lithium, Lead, Copper, Tin, Zinc etc., which our company will be working with,” Oladapo said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom? After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense! MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE