The Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Hon. Nnolim Nnaji on Friday faulted the media report accusing the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila of shielding some members of the House listed by the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio as beneficiaries of the Niger Delta Developments Commission (NDDC) contracts. Hon. Nnaji described the news report captioned ‘NDDC Probe: PDP Reps accuse Gbajabiamila of shielding defaulting lawmakers’ as untrue and didn’t represent the collective position of the generality of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) members in the House. He noted that the alleged letter referred to in the report could not stand as the position of the major opposition lawmakers in the House of Representatives. Hon. Nnaji emphasized that it was unfair to accuse the Speaker of shielding the lawmakers where else he was the one who in the first place compelled the Minister to produce the names. “As far as I am concerned, the allegation by the Minister against some members was a matter that bothers on the integrity of the House and cautioned against utterances that will divide us,” Hon. Nnaji argued. He urged aggrieved members to rather direct their attention to focus on the NDDC investigation, worsening insecurity including the recent killings in Southern Kaduna, marginalization of some sections of the country, deprivation and hunger across our country rather than attacking the straw man in order to give soft landing to the inefficiency of the NDDC leadership. “As far as am concerned, the Speaker is doing a good job of presiding over the house, engaging constructively with the Executives on national issues which is the reason for the investigation in the first place. “I want to affirm that matters arising from the Minister’s letter have been properly referred to Ethics and Privileges Committee and would ordinarily form part of the report to the House by the time we resume from our vacation,” Hon. Nnaji assured. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office…NDDC contracts PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase…NDDC contracts SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday…NDDC contracts NDDC contracts Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.