The President, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev Samson Ayokunle, has urged the Federal Government to immediately overhaul the security apparatus of the country. Ayokunle, who made the call at the Wedding Solemnisation of Rev William Okoye and Mrs Toyin Bello, at the All Christians Fellowship Mission (ACFM), Maitama, in Abuja on Sunday. He stressed that the security situation in the country was frightening and called for urgent attention. He said the security report given by the US embassy warned that ISWAP and Al Qaeda were already in the northeastern part of the country and we could see their hands already. ”Just a week ago, 14 members of a Baptist church in Kogi State were slaughtered overnight. Nobody is safe. These radicals can attack from any angle. The people of this nation deserve to live their lives in maximum security. ”The government has to up its game. No more excuses and no more sympathies for people that have died. We can’t allow more people to keep dying,” he said. Archbishop John Praise, Founder, Dominion Chapel International Church, urged Christians to keep their faith alive and keep praying for God to reposition the country towards the right part. ”We have to keep our faith alive and keep trusting the Lord. We shouldn’t be weary. I believe our faith will keep us afloat regardless of what is happening currently. Former Executive Secretary, Nigeria Christian Pilgrims Commission, Rev Tor Uja insisted that God made Nigeria for a purpose and would not abandon the country no matter the travails. Uja, who urged the church to continue praying for the country so the purpose of God would show forth, added that despite the difficulties, there is an opportunity in all of these. ”I will like the Federal Government to return to its programme, focusing on nationalism and infrastructure. This way we will build the nation where all Nigerians are important because every Nigerian, rich or poor is important to the programme of God. ”We need an all hands on deck situation, to properly deal with COVID-19 in Nigeria. Everyone should be involved in rebuilding the country. There’s too much monologues going on between the government of the people. ”There should be more dialogues where Nigerians take ownership of the management of the problem. We are coming out of this a greater nation and will become a blessing to the entire world,” he said. Uja further called for the suspension of pilgrimage until next year, so that “when we resume, we are ready and strong, COVID-19 would have been tackled, finances put together, and the people can be rallied together purposefully.” Lady Akpan Robert, a member of ACFM, who expressed joy towards the union of Rev Okoye and Mrs Bello, noted that it was time for Rev Okoye to move on with life. ”Daddy did all that he could. All through mummy’s sickness, he was praying day and night. God has taken mummy to heaven but daddy is still alive. Biblically he has the right to remarry,” she said. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.