One person has been arrested by the Oyo State police command in connection to the alleged rape to death of a lady at Alabata community in Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo State. Tribune Online gathered that a resident of Alabata had raised the alarm when he saw somebody trying to dispose of the body of a lady, identified as Mary Daramola (18), in a bush in the community. It was further learnt that the prime suspect had invited the lady to his room where he drugged her and had unlawful carnal knowledge of her. However, the lady died in the process and the suspect, alongside others, tried to dump her body in a bush when somebody saw them and raised the alarm. It was further gathered that while the prime suspect was arrested, others who assisted him in dumping the body escaped, but the police are already on their trail. The Baale of Alabata, Chief Olakanmi Olaniyan, while speaking on the development, said the police had taken over the case. The Balogun of Alabata, Chief Rasaq Ajimoti, who also expressed sadness over the incident, said the men who allegedly committed the crime were trying to throw the corpse in the bush when somebody saw them and raised the alarm. Meanwhile, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Olugbenga Fadeyi, in reaction to the incident, said it was not a case of gang rape but suspected murder where just one suspect was involved. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Lady allegedly raped to death Lady allegedly raped to death Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Lady allegedly raped to death Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Lady allegedly raped to death Lady allegedly raped to death