President Muhammadu Buhari has regretted that despite the dominance of the All Progressive Congress (APC) at all levels of government, the party is embroiled in bitter and unnecessary squabbles. Speaking at a consultative meeting among the executive, legislative and the party leadership at the presidential villa, Abuja on Monday, he said the situation had cost the governing party governorship and legislative seats during elections. According to him, this should never have happened. He said the meeting was therefore called to avert the occurrences in future. “We must now ensure regular consultations between the party and the governments,” he said. The meeting was attended by the National Assembly and the APC leadership. More to come… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…Too much bitter squabbles Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…Too much bitter squabbles Too much bitter squabbles Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…Too much bitter squabbles Too much bitter squabbles 