THERE are strong indications that a N10.5 billion asset disposal gain contributed immensely to the 56.3 per cent first half (H1) 2020 earnings surge of FBN Holdings Plc when compared year on year (YoY). According to analysis by an investment research firm CardinalStone Research, this performance was supported by a 46.8per cent jump in non-interest income and a N13.8 billion gain in discontinued operations that was mostly influenced by the sale of the firm’s 65.0per cent stake in FBN Insurance Ltd. In the second quarter (Q2) 2020, however, earnings contracted by 7.5per cent when compared quarter by quarter (QoQ) to N23.8 billion. Further assessment reveals a much steeper decline in operating performance after adjusting for the N10.5 billion asset disposal gain during the quarter. To this point, the research firm said earnings from continuing operations plunged 46.0per cent QoQ, weighed by a 2.2x jump in impairment charges on financial assets and a 39.0per cent decline in non-interest revenue. “These weaknesses are possibly indicative of the weak operating conditions induced by the COVID-19 pandemic,” CardinalStone Research stated in a research note to clients. credit-related impairments rose 49.8per cent QoQ during the quarter to N15.1 billion, reflecting a 100 bps jump in cost of risk to 2.9per cent in Q2 2020. It said nonperforming loans (NPL) ratio, however, moderated to 8.8per cent from 9.2per cent in Q1 2020, possibly due to further write-offs and loan restructurings Non-interest revenue (NIR) fell 39.0per cent weighed by an 84.9per cent decline in total non-fee related NIR. Elsewhere, net interest income rose 17.9per cent QoQ aided by lower interest expense (-29.5 per cent). “We attribute the moderation in interest expense to the 100bps cut in MPR on the bank’s huge savings deposit base and the impact of moderating yields “Also, operating expenses moderated by 5.6per cent in the quarter, although cost to income ratio inched 110bps higher due to the weaker operating income (-7.8 per cent QoQ),” the firm stated. Gross loans to customers contracted by 2.6per cent while customer deposits improved by 1.9per cent relative to Q1’20. Following the divestment from the insurance business, the HoldCo injected tier 1 capital into the commercial bank, leading to a 120-bps increase in Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) to 16.5 per cent.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom? After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense! MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE