The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) Department of Development Control, on Wednesday, demolished 25 houses in Kyami District, within the capital city. The Director of the Department, Malam Muktar Galadima, who led the demolition, told newsmen that the FCTA would not condone land racketeering and grabbing. He said that the administration was determined to ensure correction of all infractions and abuses of the Abuja Master Plan. “The FCTA  has already made it clear that the actions and activities of land racketeers cannot and will never be condoned. “That is why we are removing all those illegal developments. “About 25 solid structures were removed and this is not limited to that estate (Destiny Estate) alone, it’s a continuous exercise and we will remove all illegal structures across the territory. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Russia plans to vaccinate medical staff within two weeks “So, what you see here is a continuation of the exercise in tackling the issue of land racketeers and land grabbers in Abuja,” he said. Galadima advised the public to always ensure compliance and obey the rules and regulations guiding developments in the nation’s capital. He said that Abuja was a planned city and people could not just wake up, cut a chunk of land for themselves. Similarly, the director ordered the occupants of an illegal building materials market on N16 road corridor in Karsana district, near Gwarinpa district, to vacate within 14 days. ”The government is desirous to begin construction of the road. We went out to sensitise traders on ways to find a peaceful way to remove the market. “Because of the magnanimity of this administration, we first sat with them, talk and gave them room to also make contributions regarding the intended exercise. “We told them we will return in a week’s time, but they pleaded for more time. They asked for one month to take out their materials and valuables, but that one month is too long a time, so we agreed on two weeks,” he added. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… FCTA demolishes 25 houses UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… FCTA demolishes 25 houses Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE