Justice A. A Babawale of an Ogun State High Court sitting in Ijebu-Igbo, on Wednesday, delivered a judgement in favour of the candidate of Oshinderumu Ogunsola Olujasa family, Prince Musliu Oriyomi Soile, as Radanuwa Idado-elect, Sagamu. The judge dismissed the Suit No:  HCS/263/2014 filed before it by Chief Aruna Ogunsola; Alhaji Buraimoh Ogunsola; Prince Girigisu Ogunsola and Prince Olugbuyi Sonubi as claimants against the election of Soile to fill the vacant stool of Radanuwa Idado. The defendants were Soile; Chief Dauda Makanjuola; Chief Idowu Onijasa; Chief Fayiga Oduje; Chief Abudu Alayo; Chief Oseni Abijo; Chief Michael Oyeleke; Chief Tunde Amusan; Chief Wale Abijo; Chief Ayuba Agbelu: the Governor of Ogun State; Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs and Sagamu LG, being 1st to 13th defendants respectively. The claimant in an amended writ of summons filed and dated October 23, 2015, claimed against the defendants that the 1st defendant, Soile, being a member of Oshinderumu family was not entitled to be nominated, selected or approved to fill the vacant stool of Radanuwa of Idado. They argued that the 1st defendant was only related to the Ogunsola family through their mother’s side which made him practically not qualified to occupy the seat as against Prince Sonubi. The claimants urged the court to set aside Soile’s nomination and selection as the candidate to fill the vacant stool of Radanuwa Idado, Sagamu. They also pleaded for an order directing the 2nd to the 10th defendants to forward the name of the 4th claimant as the sole candidate of the Ogunsola Ruling House to the 11th defendant for approval as the new Radanuwa of Idado. It was also the prayer of the claimants that an order be granted to set aside the purported un-gazetted Radanuwa of Idado Chieftaincy Declaration as made by Oba Yinusa Alayo dated July 19, 2005, for erroneously including Osiderumu and Olujasa families who are not related to Radanuwa as forming a ruling House with Ogunsola family. They also sought for an order of injunction restraining the defendants, their servant or any person from further taking steps to fill the vacant stool of Radanuwa of Idado, Sagamu, until the final determination of the suit. Justice Babawale in the judgment dismissed the case for lacking in merit. She submitted that the claimants were part of the ruling house meeting which produced the 1st defendant as one of the three candidates whose names were forwarded to the kingmakers for the purpose of selection as the Radanuwa of Idado, Sagamu. The judge opined that the 1st claimant presided over the meeting of the ruling House and was one of the signatories to Exhibit DE1, by which the names of the nominated candidates were forwarded to the kingmakers. She noted that the point of divergence between the claimants and the 1st set of defendants was when the kingmakers selected the 1st defendant to fill the vacant stool. “They had participated in the same ruling house meeting with the 1st defendant. I see the claimants are knowledgeable persons of the 1st defendant was not eligible to view for the vacant stool, I believe they should have raised objection to his candidacy before it turned out that the claimants preferred candidate was not selected by the kingmakers. “To accede to the claimants’ case herein is to allow them to blow hot and cold at the same time. No court of equity will lend itself to such prevarication by a litigant. “I am therefore in agreement with the conclusion of the learned counsel to the 1st set of defendants that the claimants’ case is not supported by any logical or legal reasoning. “A resolution of the issue adopted by me against the claimants means their case is devoid of merit and accordingly fails. This case fails in its entirety and is hereby dismissed,” the judge submitted.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE