Every time she steps on stage, award-winning actress, Shade Shittu, is one who enjoys every bit of acting given that it’s her lifelong dream since her secondary school days. In this interview by SEGUN ADEBAYO, the actress-cum-movie producer sheds light on life as an actress, challenges in the industry, upcoming projects and pressure from fans and men, among other issues. Excerpts:  You have come a long way as an actress and filmmaker. Would you say that you are now at the top of the ladder? Well, I wouldn’t necessarily say that I’m atop the ladder. But I give God the glory for where I am presently. The journey has been anything but rosy. And I believe that the fierce competition in the industry is common knowledge. So, to be somewhere people know and notice you is something to be grateful for.  How would you describe your journey into acting and what was exactly was the attraction for you? The journey started in 2007 when I joined Adebayo Tijani group. I’ve loved acting since my secondary school days but I wasn’t allowed to pursue my dream then because I was staying with my aunt. Her condition for me to go into acting was that I must clock 18 years of age. Once I attain that age, I could do what I pleased. So, my passion for acting started since I was really young.  Looking at how you started and where you are today, would you have believed that you could get to this level this quick? Well, looking back to when I joined the industry I wouldn’t say it’s as quick as you put it. This is 2020 and 2007 to this time is some 13 years. What it even means is that it’s slow and steady, not quick. In all, I remain appreciative of even being where I am. While I still aspire for more, many more dream to be where I am today.  The industry is always tasking you celebrities and you have equally been up and doing. How are you coping with the celebrity life and the attention? In my own view, I think there’s nothing special about being a celebrity. We are all equal and the reason we get special attention is due to the fact that we always appear on screen. Sometimes you might not even being in good mood but you will have to maintain your smile, even fake the smile, to keep up appearance with fans and keep up with the attention. One little incident and one could be tagged as being arrogant.  Was acting what you have always loved to do or you found yourself in the industry by accident? Acting was what I loved and still love; it wasn’t accidental. I can categorically say acting is what I enjoy doing most. Whenever I’m on set, I forget all my sorrows. Even if I’m having any life challenge, I don’t remember any whenever I’m on set.  If you think of the journey so far, what would you say has been the most thrilling part of the experience? The most thrilling moment for me was when I received an award for my movie entitled ‘Awawu’. It was a total surprise; I wasn’t expecting it. Recognitions like that are gratifying.  You have featured in a couple of movies that endeared you to people. But there are those who still don’t rate you high. Are you not under any pressure to meet up with expectations from certain quarters? I’m not in any way under any pressure. Low rating doesn’t change the fact that I’m making progress. If in any way such occurs, what it means is that I still have to put more efforts. And the truth is that there is always room for more for everybody.  How do you cope with pressure from men in your industry especially those who might feel attracted to you because you are pretty? Well, there’s no pressure whatsoever and I handle them with the level of maturity I am approached.  Being pretty they say is not enough to last long in the industry but your beauty appears to be opening doors for you as you are always on high demand by producers. What’s your take? Being pretty isn’t enough my dear brother. You must be talented and well-mannered. You might get to the top with the help of beauty but what keeps you there is your attitude towards senior colleagues and junior ones. How one relates with people is one of the most important things to sustaining an enviable career.  You are gradually building your brand and making a name for yourself. How do you think this will take before people start getting tired of your craft? There are many who have been doing it for a long time and people are not tired of them. So, while I pray that they don’t get tired of me till I retire, I will continue to do my part on releasing quality projects.  Does it bother you that you might be perceived as somebody who enjoys drawing attention to herself? No, not at all. The kind of job I’m doing is basically about attention. The attention is needed, so no qualms. If I’m tagged as an attention seeker, I truly need my fans’ attention  Tell us about your first experience as an actress and what was it like? My first time on set wasn’t the best at all. That was because I was nervous. However, all thanks to God and people like Muyiwa Ademola and Ronke Odusanya (Flakky ididowo) who encouraged me to calm down and take my time. It was a wonderful experience though.  You are also a producer. What brought about the idea of becoming one? I noticed people don’t risk their investments on up-and-coming actors. They prefer stars who would easily sell movies. And if you’re not allowed to showcase your talent, there’s no way you will be recognized or have the avenue to showcase one’s talent. So, going into movie production means that you get to control the choices.  Some of your colleagues say you don’t mix with them. Don’t you trust them enough to make them your friends? That’s not true. I relate well with everyone and have few friends among my colleagues  They say acting cannot pay the bills. How do you cope with the meager remuneration you get? Well I wouldn’t say acting doesn’t pay bills. If you know do pass yourself, e dey pay well. If it doesn’t pay as some claim, they would have run away from the industry.  What’s the latest project you are working on now? I just released a new movie titled ‘Asojuloge (The makeup artist) and I’m currently working on ‘FF’ (Fola Flashy).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …