Damilola Ogunbiyi, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has said that gender equality must be at the heart of energy transition, therefore women’s full participation in sustainable energy solutions at every level must be enhanced. Ogunbiyi made the remark in an interview with the German Beam Magazine. Ogunbiyi, the Special Representative for Sustainable Energy for All and Co-Chair of United Nations-Energy, said,  “Closing current energy access gaps in just ten years requires significant amounts of capital for electricity – for both centralized and distributed solutions – and clean cooking infrastructure. “So far, this capital is not flowing at the speed or scale it needs to be. We also know that energy access is gendered, and SEforALL is committed to promoting the inclusion of women and the poorest people in society to help secure a just energy transition that leaves no one behind. “Our latest report, Energy Safety Nets: Using Social Assistance Mechanisms to Close Affordability Gaps for the Poor, is a good example of the intersection of energy policy and social assistance coming together to create more inclusive results and help protect poor, vulnerable, and marginalized people. “To ensure we continue to make faster inclusive progress, we must focus on enhancing and extending the provision of sustainable modern energy to the most vulnerable in society who will not be reached by business-as-usual approaches, and we must incorporate gender equality at the heart of the energy transition by enhancing women’s full participation in sustainable energy solutions at every level.” She added that, “As the world faces evolving challenges, this is a really important time for the energy sector and a moment when we need the commitment, talent, and enthusiasm of young female leaders to help move us forward.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE