The Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) has suspended the 7-day ultimatum it issued Chevron Nigeria Limited and its contractors over the sack of workers and other anti-labour actions and postures. The suspension was sequel to the recall and reinstatement of the sacked workers and the on-going discussions to quickly resolve other outstanding issues. But NUPENG immediately warned that the suspension of the strike ultimatum was not a total call off but respect to the on-going discussions the Union is having with Chevron and it Contractors over all the issues at stake. The NUPENG leadership said it ordered the suspension believing that Chevron management will act in good faith and decently in line with principles of social dialogue. A statement issued by NUPENG on Wednesday and signed by the union President, Comrade Williams Akporeha and the General Secretary, Comrade Afolabi Olawabi, read: “The leadership of the Union appreciates all relevant government agencies for their quick interventions on the matters in dispute.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’
Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand
The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle
Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state.
The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding
THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year.
He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia
The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North…