Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State has observed that the state is not properly given the chances it deserves in the federal scheme of things as stipulated by the constitution of the country. The governor made the observation on Friday when the Federal Commissioner representing the state in the Federal Character Commission (FCC), Alhaji Abdullahi Aminu Tafida and his team paid him a courtesy visit at Government House, Sokoto. It will be recalled that Part I, Section 5 (1) 8 E, CAP F7 (2004) of the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria mandates the FCC to provide guidelines for monitoring and distributing infrastructural facilities, social amenities and other projects; and programs executed by federal ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs). But, “in Sokoto state,” noted the governor, “we have been left far behind, especially in federal appointments, infrastructural development and federal presence.” “That is why when I came in a few years ago I decided to create a ministry of Careers and Security Services. What we use to have before was a department. “Now, the Commissioner is saddled with the responsibility of collaborating with the federal government to see how we can ensure that what belongs to Sokoto belongs to Sokoto,” Tambuwal emphasized. While commending the framers of the Constitution for deeming it fit to establish the FCC, the governor also appreciated the gesture of President Muhammadu Buhari for accepting his nominee and appointing him to represent the state in the Commission. A statement signed by his special adviser on media and publicity, Muhammad Bello, said the governor assured Tafida and his team of his administration’s cooperation and support in the discharge of their duties. Briefing the governor on why they visited him, Tafida who also pointed out that Sokoto state is “inadvertently shortchanged” in federal representations and location of developmental programs, said: “Since the establishment of the FCC some 20 years ago, public perception of it has remained at the lowest. The challenges, therefore, Tafida stressed: “are not only limited to federal posts and political appointments but that of the overall development of state government and its 23 local government areas.” “This,” he said, “underscores the need for us to work together and ensure equity and fairness in the distribution of posts and infrastructural development in the country.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office…Sokoto lacks good representation Sokoto lacks good representation PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase…Sokoto lacks good representation SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday…Sokoto lacks good representation Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.