The Anambra State chairman of the apex Igbo social-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Demian Okeke-Ogene, said the organisation under the leadership of Chief Nnia Nwodo will do everything politically possible to ensure the region produces the next President of Nigeria come 2023 Presidential election. He said plans are on the way to meet with Yoruba social-cultural organisation, Afenifere and other groups to actualise Igbo’s Presidential dream. Okeke-Ogene disclosed this in a statement he made available to the Tribune Online in Awka on Tuesday. He lamented the recent “unfortunate incident” in Anambra State where a traditional ruler made a failed attempt to create a parallel Ohanaeze Ndigbo using some misguided individuals to deceive the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) to register an “imaginary entity that existed only in their minds.” “I want to use this media opportunity to advise the said traditional ruler to focus on activities of his Kingdom and desist from meddling in affairs of Ohanaeze so as to protect the integrity of the stool he occupies,” he said. He warned that Ohanaeze Ndigbo, being an institution of credibility and repute that spans across seven states, Anambra, Abia, Enugu, Imo and Ebonyi and beyond should not for any reason be subjected to a child’s play or ridicule because of selfish interest of self-seeking individuals. He assured the public that Ohanaeze Ndigbo led by Chief Nnia Nwodo remains intact and very strong to protect Igbos interest at all times. “Again I apologize to the other Igbo states for the dance of shame,” he said. “I am also happy to inform you that through the intervention of our reserve elder statesman, Chief Mbazulike Amaechi, the Ohanaeze Ndigbo and Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOP) have resolved whatever differences they had and are presently working as father and son to achieve the collective agenda of Ndigbo. “We strongly believe that with the realisation of Igbo presidency in 2023, the activities of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) would fizzle out like a vapour.” Okeke-Ogene urged Afenifere, Northern Elders Forum and other social-cultural bodies in the country to throw their support towards realisation of Igbo presidency for the region to be happy. He thereafter commended President Mohammadu Buhari and Governor Willie Obiano for their separate efforts in combating the COVID-19 pandemic that has halted socio-economic and political activities across the globe.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.