Chairperson of Women Empowerment and Legal Aid, Mrs Funmi Falana has petitioned the Ekiti State Commissioner of Police, Mr Babatunde Mobayo demanding a prompt investigation into the alleged rape of a 16-year-old girl in the state. The wife of the Lagos based human rights lawyer, Mr Femi Falana in a petition dated 11th August 2020 and addressed to the CP, alleged that the girl, a groundnut hawker was sexually molested by a commercial motorcyclist in Ado-Ekiti metropolis. The petition signed by a Legal Practitioner, Taiwo Omidoyin of Falana & Falana Chamber, revealed that the victim was allegedly raped inside a bush within the vicinity of the State Secretariat, Ado-Ekiti, while hawking groundnut on August 10, 2020. Falana stated that the teenager was approached by the motorcyclist, promising to give her a ride to a waiting customer but allegedly took the victim to another strange location, where he allegedly molested the girl sexually. He said, “We received a complaint from the family members of our client, Miss Folasade, a 16-year-old girl who was a victim of rape, assault, and inhuman treatment. “Our client was around the vicinity of Secretariat Road, Ado Ekiti, on 10th August 2020 when a motorcycle rider approached her that someone requested to buy groundnut, which she sells on the next street. “The motorcyclist offered to convey her to the purported customer. As soon as the girl joined her, the motorcycle rider rode off to an unknown destination, tricked, threatened, assaulted her and forcefully had carnal knowledge of her, after robbing her of some money. “It was some neighbours who heard the noise of our victim that rushed into the said apartment, got hold of the perpetrator and handed him over to the police. “We have heard that the perpetrator is being detained while our client is currently receiving treatment in the hospital.” Falana said the petition was primarily targeted at urging the police to do a thorough investigation and ensure diligent prosecution of the culprit, to sanitise the state and rid it of these prowling rapists. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed …Falana petitions Ekiti CP FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states…Falana petitions Ekiti CP Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in…Falana petitions Ekiti CP FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset…Falana petitions Ekiti CP UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE