THE Director-General, National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Mr Kashifu Inuwa has said that the Information and Communications Technology  (ICT) sector’s contribution to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP), was 14 per cent in first quarter of 2020. Inuwa, represented by Dr Vincent Olatunji, the Director, E-Government Development and Regulations, said this in a webinar organised by the Abuja and Kano Chapters of  Information Technology Association of Nigeria (ITAN). He said the growth of 14 per cent represented an increase of almost one per cent when compared to the contribution of 13.12 per cent in the last quarter of 2019. He noted that the increase happened because people relied more on digital platforms during the lockdown. “In spite of the ravages of the COVID-19 pandemic on all economies of the world, ICT  grew by 14 per cent compared to the initial growth of 13.12 per cent in the last quarter. ”The agency’s mandate of regulating the ICT sector  ensured that it created initiatives and schemes to mitigate the effect of COVID-19 pandemic on the ICT sector. ”We are ensuring the growth of the sector by promoting the startups ecosystem. “NITDA, with its  two special purpose vehicles, Office for ICT Innovation and Entrepreneurship (OIIE), and the Office for Nigerian Content in ICT (ONC), are working hard at achieving the mandate of fostering the growth of the technology startup ecosystem. “The focus also meant ensuring patronage of local content in ICT. “Some of these initiatives include Work Permit for Technology Startups during lockdown, the Nigeria COVID-19 Innovation Challenge where three startups with innovative solutions emerged winners,” he said. Inuwa said that the innovations were locally made ventilator, decontamination chamber and e-Health monitor Technology Innovation and Entrepreneurship Support Scheme (TIESS). He said that the TIESS had Incubation Programme, Technical Capacity Building, Internship Programme and Hub Upscaling. He said the schemes were designed to target various aspects for them to achieve maximum positive effect on the ICT ecosystem. “Another programme being developed is Startup Workspace Voucher programme aimed at supporting young  startups to overcome their financial challenges. ”With strategic partnership and collaborations with stakeholders, a new Nigeria with a robust digital economy can be developed,” he said. Participants at the event included Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State and the Minister of FCT, Malam Musa Bello, among others.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE