In line with the directive of the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mr Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on total clampdown, disarmament and prosecution of persons or group bearing prohibited firearms nationwide, the Anambra State Commissioner of Police, Mr John Bassey Abang, has ordered the strict enforcement of the IGP’S directive across the state. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Haruna Mohammed, who disclosed the warning in a statement, in Awka, said the CP equally warned individuals or groups in possession of prohibited firearms to with immediate effect, submit same to the nearest Police Station or face arrest and prosecution. “For the avoidance of doubts, part II(3) of the schedule of Firearms Act L.N32 of 1959 provides inter alia that”No person shall have in his possession or under his control any firearm of one of the categories specified in part I of the schedule to this Act (referred to as prohibited firearm) except in accordance with a licence granted by the President acting in his discretion.” He said thus acquiring such firearms by any group or community without requisite legal approval of the President remains an illegal act and a major threat to national security for which the groups or individuals concerned could be criminally liable. “In view of the above, the Command will henceforth arrest, disarm and prosecute anyone found with unlawful possession of prohibited firearms in the state, the statement concluded.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN