Discontented at the spate of killings within the past three months, residents of Akinyele local government area, on Friday, took to the streets in protest. The protesters particularly ventilated their displeasure at security operatives in the area pelting stones and other objects at operatives sighted. Hours before the protest, another woman, one Mrs Olufunmilayo, a resident of Ori-Oke Olurunkole in the local government area had on Thursday evening been macheted in the head by yet-to-be-identified assailants. Though Olufunmilayo was rushed to the University College Hospital (UCH) for treatment, she later died on Thursday night. While confirming the killing, Oyo Police Public Relations Officer, Gbenga Fadeyi decried that the protesters took laws into their hands and attacked police officers of Moniya command. Rather than taking to violence, Fadeyi held that the protesters should allow the police to carry out its investigation to investigate in order to arrest the perpetrators of the latest killing. Fadeyi said, “The information got to us from Moniya Police Divisional Crime Officer that around 4:00 pm yesterday (Thursday), one Mrs Olufunmilayo was attacked and macheted on the head. In the process, she sustained serious injuries.” “The assailants ran away. She was taken to the University College Hospital (UCH) for immediate medical attention where she died later in the night. “And youths in the area came out this morning (Friday) and started protesting on the issue and at the end of the day, they started attacking policemen from Moniya area command, even area commander. “They seriously attacked our men, trying to cause the breakdown of law and order. They took laws into their hands, which is not supposed to be the next thing to do. “The police are always there to do what they are supposed to do and we will continue to do more. “If an incident happens, they should allow the police to look into it and investigate in order to unravel the mystery behind it, not to carry out protest and it becomes a violent one, attacking the police. “But as the case is now, no arrest has been made, because the issue is still in. We will surely get the details.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper…Akinyele killings WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things…Akinyele killings Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza.Akinyele killings 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by …Akinyele killings Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the…Akinyele killings Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE