Barely 12 hours after the commencement of a three-day warning strike to press for payment of outstanding benefits, workers in the Ekiti State civil service have called off the industrial action. This was sequel to the Governor Kayode Fayemi’s readiness to meet some of the demands outlined by organised labour at a meeting held midnight Sunday up to Monday’s morning. Shortly after the organised labour issued the strike notice in a joint statement signed by the Chairmen of Nigerian Labour Congress, Kolapo Kolade; Trade Union Congress, Sola Adigun and Joint Negotiating Council, Kayode Fatomiluyi, Governor Fayemi had summoned a meeting to deliberate on how to avert the crisis. Despite the action taken to pacify the aggrieved labour leaders, the strike was successful on Monday before the dramatic turn of events, as workers complied with the labour’s directive, by shunning their duty posts. When Tribune Online visited the new Secretariat complex along new Iyin road and the old Governor’s office at Oke Ori Omi, the offices looked deserted while some staff were seen performing skeletal works in their respective offices. In the communique issued at the end of the troubleshooting parley held by government and labour delegations, the government agreed to immediately effect the financial benefits of 2015 promotion by September 2020, while that of 2016 to 2019 will follow. The communique jointly signed by the two negotiating sides leading to the suspension of the strike reads: “That government will continue to pay the gross salaries of workers. ALSO READ: COVID-19: All returning students must undergo temperature checks ― FG “That government will effect payment of financial benefits for 2015 promotion by September while that of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 will follow. “That payment of outstanding deduction for the month of May 2020 to be paid in phases and to pay outstanding deductions, salaries and leave bonuses in phases. “That negotiation on the implementation of the new minimum wage and consequential adjustment will resume as soon as COVID-19 subsides. “That other issues affecting public service in relation to service matters shall be looked into. “Therefore, the three days warning Ekiti workers strike which commenced on Monday, August 3rd 2020, is called off immediately,” it stated. During the negotiation, the Head of Service, Mrs Peju Babafemi, Senior Special Assistant on Labour Matters, Com Oluyemi Esan and the Permanent Secretary, Establishment and Service Matters, Mr Bayo Opeyemi led government’s delegation that met with the labour leaders. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE