A mammoth crowd on Thursday welcomed the Emir of Kano, HRM Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero, who is on a three-day official visit to the ancient Ilorin emirate city at the Ilorin international airport. Some dignitaries from the palace of the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, and notable sons of Ilorin were at the airport to meet receive him. The Emir, who landed at the airport at exactly 1:45 pm in company of some of his traditional chiefs, was given a rousing welcome as cultural dancers, drummers welcomed the royal majesty with sounds of drums and songs. Several horse riders, dressed in beautiful regalia were seen waiting for the Emir at the General hospital area, a few kilometres away from the airport, with many residents and commuters stopping to watch them as it were the usual scene during the yearly Dubar celebration.  Security personnel from the Nigeria Police, DSS, NSCDC, and even the local vigilante officers were mobilized into the streets and inside the airport to ensure the maintenance of law and order. Officers of the Federal Road Safety Corps were also placed at strategic locations at Ilorin General hospital to Sawmill Road area and down to the airport road, to ensure the free flow of traffic. Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero, who is on a three-day official visit to Ilorin will tomorrow be paying a courtesy call on the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN