Bauchi State Police Command has arrested a total of 32 suspects in connection with the cases of kidnapping, armed robbery, rape, hard drugs dealing, culpable homicide and other heinous crime including being in possession of locally made prohibited firearms. The Command also rescued a 6 years child, Mohammed Abubakar Sadiq from his kidnappers who demanded a ransom of the sum of N2.5m before they were arrested by the Police at the point of taking the ransom. The Police Commissioner, Lawan Tanko Jimeta who briefed Journalists in His office said that the Command also Arrested a crack of cocaine Dealers On the 3rd August 2020 at about 2030hrs. He explained that reliable information at the disposal of the operatives of State Intelligence Bureau Bauchi led to the arrest of two suspected dealers of crack cocaine namely; Chigozie Oje 32 years of Awala roundabout Bauchi town and Faruk Yakubu 25 years of Wunti Street Bauchi town. He said that nine grams of the crack cocaine were recovered in their possession while Investigations is in progress to ascertain the number of those involved in the crime. For Criminal Conspiracy, Forgery, Impersonation and Attempt to Commit an offence of extortion, he said that On the 10/08/2020 at about 0530hrs detective attached to the Command anti-kidnapping unit in collaboration with Estate Police division arrested some suspects parading themselves as Police officers on investigation. “Moreover, upon investigation, they confessed that they purposely came to Bauchi to extort/ and or defraud one Alhaji Ya’u Shehu B. Karatu saying that those arrested are Sulaiman Idris aged 30 years, Auwal Shehu aged 35 years
Mohammed Ghali Hassan aged 45 years and Mohammed Yunusa who is now at large All of Kano State. Exhibits recovered from them include One P cap decorated with Police Lógo, One facemask decorated with Police Logo
One handcuff, One Ford Motor vehicle with registration number AAA 759 CY, Lagos State. Red in colour, One Dangote group Identity card bearing Ahmad Nura, Two Police Warrant Cards, investigation still ongoing to arrest the said suspect at large. Lawan Jimeta also disclosed that On the 03/08/2020 at about 1300hrs, one Sunday Danbiram Gizaki aged 35 years of Tsohon Kampani, Wuntin Dada Bauchi came to the Police Station and reported that on the 02/08/2020 about 2000hrs, one Aliyu Ishak of Wuntin Dada lured his daughter, one Victoria Caleb aged 15 years of same address to a house located at Wuntin Dada Bauchi and had unlawful carnal knowledge of her. He said that after she came home, she started complaining of severe stomach pain and he took her to a maternity Hospital, Wuntin Dada and later transferred to ATBU Teaching Hospital Bauchi treated and admitted. The Police Commissioner said that “However, when detectives visited the victim at the Hospital, Moreover, on the same date about 1040hrs detectives attached to ‘B’ Division traced and arrested the suspected rapist, one Aliyu Ishak who confessed to the crime and Investigation is on-going the suspect will be charged to court. Meanwhile, the command called on the people of the state to continue exercising their civil responsibility of pointing and giving vital information that may help police in its operations and to rid the state of all forms of crime and criminality. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE STATE OF ECONOMY: How Nigeria Is Eating Its Future, Spent Over 90% Of Revenue On Debt Servicing
INDICATION that Nigeria’s economy is still in the throes of death has continued to emerge with the current low revenue it is generating from oil sale and increasing demands on its foreign debt obligation especially. The parlous state of the economy is heightened by the revelation that most of the revenue…Police arrest criminals FACT CHECK: Somalia President, Deputy DID NOT Fight In Viral VIDEO
CLAIM: Somalia President, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo and his vice exchanged blows to the point of wrestling themselves to the ground.
VERDICT: MISLEADING
FULL STORY: Nigerian media space was abuzz on Saturday, August 15, 2020, with a viral video which claims to show President of Somalia, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo publicly exchanged blows with his vice…Police arrest criminals NBS Says 21.76m Nigerians Unemployed In 2020
THE National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) has put the total number of unemployed Nigerians at 21,764,617. The figure is contained in the bureau’s Labor Force Statistics website entitled “Unemployment and Underemployment Report (Q2 2020) released in Abuja. It referred to the report as an Abridged Labour Force Survey under COVID-19 for August 2020. According to NBS, the unemployment rate during the period under review…Police arrest criminals Our Fears As 2020 WASSCE Beckons: SS3 Students Speak On Inability To Finish Syllabus, Other Issues
After a long unexpected delay occasioned by the lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic, the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) will begin in 19,129 accredited centres nationwide on August 17. Some candidates hoping to write the examination spoke with IMOLEAYO OYEDEYI and ADEOLA OTEMADE on their fears and expectations…Police arrest criminals SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE