A man and his wife from Ecuador have proven they have withstood the test of time, almost 80 years after their families refused to be present for their wedding vows. They will celebrate 80 years of their wedding in February next year, the Daily Mail of UK reported on Friday. Julio César Mora and Waldramina Quintero have been recognised by Guinness Book of World Records as the oldest married couple in the world, with a combined age of 214 years and 358 days. Mora is 110 years old, and was born before the Titanic sank, while wife Quinteros is 104. The couple met in 1934 and married in February 1941 – and credit their lasting relationship to the love and respect that they have held towards each other since their very first meeting. “Family unity under the rules of love, mutual respect, honest work, and proper education based on family values are the keys to healthy coexistence,” said the couple, according to the record-keeping site. The couple were introduced in 1934 by Mora’s cousin, who was married to Quintero’s sister. The couple dated until they tied the knot February 7, 1941, in Quito. But their wedding happened in secret, in front of their godparents and best friends, because their parents and families were vehemently opposed the union and did not have a good relationship. But luckily the animosity didn’t last, and the couple said: “With time and patience we were able to unite them and we became an example and the best reference for the younger generations.” Quintero and Mora became teachers and were parents to five children, although their eldest passed away at the age of 58. They now have 11 grandchildren, 21 great-grandchildren, and nine great-great-grandchildren. Like any married couple, Mora and Quintero experienced their share of disagreements over the years but always made sure to keep their differences behind closed doors and shielded from their sons and daughter. “Respect, compassion and consideration with which we maintained our relationship were very important; we never argued or fought,” they said. “There were disagreements, but they were not noticeable to any of our children who also deserved respect and love.” The record-setting couple enjoys growing plants and love to spend their free time going to watch a movie and taking in a show at the theatre – activities that have been paused due to the COVID-19 pandemic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Couple celebrate 80 years Couple celebrate 80 years Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Couple celebrate 80 years Couple celebrate 80 years Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Couple celebrate 80 years Couple celebrate 80 years