As youths across the globe celebrate the 2020 edition of the International Youth Day today, youths in the Yoruba speaking states have called on President Muhammadu Buhari to provide an enabling environment where they will display their God-given potentials towards the development of the country. The youths under the auspices of the Oodua Youths Coalition noted that the programmes and policies of government would only achieve the desired results with the involvement of youths across all strata of governance as captured in this year’s theme, ‘Youth Engagement for Global Action.’ The president of the group, Oluyi Akintade Tayo in a statement on Wednesday, stressed that they have all that it takes to turn the fortunes of the country for good in an environment where government across all levels provided the needed supports in politics, entrepreneurship and other areas. He explained that the country would only survive its current challenges ranging from insecurities, unemployment and other economic crisis with the involvement of youths in policy and decision-making process. According to him, “Understanding the development of any society hinges on how well it nurtures its young people. In commemoration of this year’s International Youth Day, a socio-cultural youth movement of the Yoruba extraction, Oodua Youth Coalition, advocates support for youth engagement in politics, decision making, business, innovation and entrepreneurship. “Youthfulness comes with lots of sterling attributes that are significant for productivity. The strength and desire exude by young people across board to make positive changes to prevailing global circumstance are on the rise. ” While saying the contributions of youths to the ongoing fight against the coronavirus pandemic could not be over-emphasized, Oluyi advised government to put out workable policies aimed at addressing the growing unemployment rate in the country. “The contributions of youths across the world to the fight against the ravaging COVID-19, the enormous input of youths towards the actualisation of the global goals, the positive global recognitions youth-led organizations like Connected Development (CODE), Open Sunshine Initiative et al gives Nigeria points to the readiness of youths to lead. “We seize the occasion of the International Youth day to call on the Federal Government of Nigeria to formulate feasible and visible policies that address youth unemployment in the country,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years
THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever
This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE