President Muhammadu Buhari has signed the instrument of accession of the agreement for the establishment of the African Trade Insurance Agency. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja, on Monday, explained that the Agreement and the Agency are registered with the Secretariat of the United Nations in accordance with Charter of the United Nations and are incognizant of the fact that lack of adequate political, non-commercial and commercial risk insurance is a significant impediment to the availability of finance for investments in Africa and the expansion of African foreign trade and intra-Africa trade. It added that the Agency when executed will acknowledge previous multilateral efforts made by the African States towards regional economic integration through co-operation in trade liberalization and development so as to attain sustainable growth, promote economic activity and create an enabling environment for foreign trade, as well as cross-border and domestic investments. Recalling the economic objectives and aims of the African Union, there are several African Treaties on regional economic integration, including the Treaty Establishing the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa, the Treaty Establishing the Southern African Development Community and the Treaty Establishing the Economic Community of West African States. ALSO READ: Ize-Iyamu kicks off campaign, promises to focus on agriculture A memorandum from the Minister of Justice and Attorney-General, Abubakar Malami, stated that the request for the President’s signature on the agreement was a sequel to the directive of the Federal Executive Council, that the instrument is prepared and forwarded for execution. The ratification was adopted at Grand Bay in the Republic of Mauritius on the Eighteenth Day of May 2000. It said the object and purpose of the Agency are to provide, facilitate, encourage and otherwise develop the provision of, or the support for, insurance, including coinsurance and reinsurance, guarantees, and other financial instruments and services, for purposes of trade, investment and other productive activities in the African States in supplement to those that may be offered by the public or private sector, or in cooperation with the public or private sector. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.