President Muhammadu Buhari is presently at the presidential villa, Abuja, attending the second virtual extraordinary summit of the Authority of Heads of State and Government of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS). The meeting is part of the ongoing efforts of the leaders to return Mali to constitutional order after a military coup deposed its elected government recently. All the presidents in the ECOWAS are present as well as the ECOWAS President, Jean-Claude Kassi Brou. Nigerian officials physically present at the Council chamber where President Buhari is joining the summit from are the Minister of Foreign Affairs Geoffrey Onyema, and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubairu Dada. Others are the Minister of Defense Major General Bashir Magashi; Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari; National Security Adviser (NSA), Major General Babagana Monguno; and the Director-General of the National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Ahmed Rufa’i Abubakar. More to come… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Buhari attends ECOWAS summit Buhari attends ECOWAS summit Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Buhari attends ECOWAS summit Buhari attends ECOWAS summit Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Buhari attends ECOWAS summit