• Born on Wednesday, 13 May 1981 in Mushin, Lagos State, Nigeria. • Kunle Adewale studied Painting and General Arts at Auchi Polytechnic. From there, he went to Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Osun State, where he studied Fine and Applied Arts. In 2015, he went on to study Civic Leadership at Tulane University, New Orleans and Arts in Medicine at the University of Florida, United States. • Kunle Adewale is a young but very brilliant African visual artist, well-known for promoting arts in medicine worldwide. He is an international advocate for persons living with cancer and sickle cell anemia. • In August 2015, Kunle Adewale had the honour of meeting President Barack Obama through Mandela Washington Fellowship Award for Young African Leaders in Washington D.C for leadership impacts in using arts to improve the lives of people in his environment. • In 2019, Olakunle Joel Adewale, the multi-award-winning artist, was honoured for his numerous contributions to arts in medicine by the Mayor of Cincinnati, John Cranley, who declared every ‘August 2’ as “Kunle Adewale Day” in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States of America. Kunle Adewale became the first International Artist in Residence of the Eyes of the Artists Foundation.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.