Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has restated the commitment of his administration to providing a sound education which he described as one of the cardinal programmes of his administration. He added that the move is to ensure that sound education is adequately and properly provided for the young people of the state right from the basic to the tertiary level. The Governor restated this when he paid an unscheduled visit to the headquarters of the Ministry of Education where he inspected some instructional materials procured by the State Education Programme Investment Project (SEPIP), which is a World Bank project designed to address some of the challenges in schools as a result of insurgency in the North-East region of the country. The Governor also said that his administration will continue to address challenges that were hitherto abandoned by the past administration, particularly in the education sector which is now under the state of emergency. He further noted that what characterized the education sector before the coming of the APC-led administration was an abysmal state of decay. The Governor, however, said that in order to breathe a new lease of life into the educational system, his government took some bold steps and measures, including declaring a state of emergency on the sector and strengthening the partnership between the state and relevant organizations and government agencies in order to reverse the ugly trend. Describing education as the cradle upon which development indices are measured, the Governor said that the steps taken are already yielding positive results as the state is now witnessing improvements, not only in the area of provision of conducive environment and learning materials but also in the general quality of education. Inuwa Yahaya urged the beneficiaries of the soon to be distributed teaching and learning materials to ensure maximum utilisation and to also take ownership of the project. Earlier while conducting the Governor round, the state Commissioner for Education, Dr Habu Dahiru highlighted on the activities carried out by the project in Gombe state and commended the Governor for all his political will as well as efforts being put in place to reposition the Education sector since his assumption of office. He assured that his Ministry will continue to work assiduously with all the seriousness required to achieve the strategic goals of the Governor in the education sector. The instructional materials include e- tablets, maps, charts, basic science textbooks among others for distribution to all public schools across the state as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), Media and Publicity to the Governor. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders…sound education sound education Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis…sound education sound education ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and…sound education sound education LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN