Day and night are gift from God and indeed, the end of a chapter marks the beginning of another. The end of yesterday has set the pace for the beginning of a new Journey and a diamond one for Tunde Thani. It is no gain saying that Diamonds last forever. The sparkle never fade as it reaches far beautifying those who come in contact with it; this encapsulates the man Tunde Thani. Hails from Epe in Lagos State, Tunde Thani graduated from the prestigious University of Lagos. His frenetic dance to the tune of communication and marketing, started with writing copies and performing client servicing;  his glorious light started shining as a Copy writer and Client Service Executive with Centre Spread: the place where  he bridge the gap between theory and practical. His days in Centre Spread and the exposure acquired propelled him into starting his own agency ‘Explicit Communications Ltd’ in 1996. Over the years, Explicit Communications has metamorphosed into Explicit Group where he currently sit as the Group MD/CEO. From the day he joined the marketing world till now, Tunde Thani has had an illustrious career, leaving his footprints in various sectors such as; FMCG, Banking and Finance, Oil & Gas, Pharmaceuticals and Multinationals. In recognition of his impeccable personality, he was part of the team that changed the then Association of Advertising Practitioners of Nigeria (AAPN) to existing Association of Advertising Agencies of Nigeria (AAAN).  Tunde also penned his signature in Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON), where he served as a council member for the body and later served as vice chairman, Advertising Standards Panel. Known for his good man management skills, Tunde has successfully trained many creative eggheads in the industry. He is a philanthropist and an exemplary leader whose good deed offered him a chieftaincy title of “Arobarayo” of Ogidi Land in Kogi State. His role as the current President of Ivory League of Progress: a group of philanthropic individuals in the society, is a mark of progressive achievement and service to humanity. He is a committed Christian who spends and ready to be spent for the work of the God. Tony Agindo, Lagos.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.