KADUNA State Scholarship and Loans Board said that two female candidates topped a list of 29 first class degree holders that were awarded scholarship under the merit-based foreign scholarship scheme. A statement by the executive secretary of the board, Malam Hassan Rilwan, disclosed that the awardees, Amina Sani Bello and Halima Alhafiz Aliyu, came first and second respectively. Hassan said, “41 applicants comprising 29 first class degree holders, six master’s degree holders with distinction, five second class (upper division) degree holders with CGPA of 4.0 and above, and one undergraduate student made the list of the merit-based foreign scholarship.” The statement added that out of the 138 applicants that applied for the scholarship, “96 of them passed the Use of English and Plagiarism cut-off mark of 50 and less than 25, respectively”. “Each of the 96 applicants was officially contacted and requested to upload a personal statement and three-minute video clip,” Hassan said, adding that 54 applicants passed the evaluation. The executive secretary said that the management and staff of the board were not part of the final scoring and selection process after short listing of the candidates, as part of the board’s transparency and open governance policy. Malam Hassan recalled that the state governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai, had promised that all qualified first class graduates from the state would be sponsored to the best universities in the world. He pointed out that before the coming of this administration, scholarship award, “was always an under-the-table discussion preserved for only the privileged.” “Most of the 138 students would not have known of the opportunity if not for the transparent disposition of the el-Rufai administration. The process is open, traceable and cannot be manipulated,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.