Sean Kilkenny is an international DJ who has made a name for himself despite humble beginnings. According to him, he had always had a deep commitment to music. In a recent chat, he said that from an early age, he was inspired and looked up to people in the music industry, especially festival DJs. At age six, he followed DJs on Radio Disney in America and would call in to talk to them every day, even if that meant waking up at 5:30 in the morning. These mornings had a big impact on Sean. At 16, he got his big break and the opportunity to begin hosting his own events and concerts, which he realised was the only way he was going to make it to the next level. This wasn’t easy though, he did not have the funding to host his own parties, but he knew that the local radio station did, so he set up meetings with them and got their support. “From that moment on, I began to amass a good following on social media. After that, the events that I have hosted have only gotten larger and more impressive. DJs can conquer the world,” he said. He even scored a brand partnership with a drinks company that has helped him generate more revenue. Sean hopes to keep pushing the envelope further and plans to become a global music festival DJ. Sean is now getting his career ready for the next big step, where he hopes to be a part of large festivals across the country once the COVID-19 pandemic recedes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Sean Kilkenny Sean Kilkenny Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Sean Kilkenny Sean Kilkenny Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Sean Kilkenny Sean Kilkenny