In line with the directive from the national headquarters of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Abuja, the Akwa Ibom State chapter of the union on Friday directed its members to boycott a planned media briefing by a former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode after his altercation with a Daily Trust Correspondent in the neighbouring Calabar, Cross River State capital. The former Minister of Aviation has arrived Uyo, Akwa Ibom State capital in continuation of his tour of South-South, and met with Governor Udom Emmanuel, who received him at the Government House, Uyo. But a statement to all media representatives in Uyo at the weekend directed members against attending all activities scheduled to take place as part of Mr Fani Kayode’s visit. According to the statement signed by the state’s NUJ Chairman, Comrades Amos Etuk, and Secretary, Dominic Akpan, the decision follows the directive of the national leadership of the Union to that effect. “Akwa Ibom State chapter of the Nigeria Union of Journalists has directed its members to boycott a press conference planned for Femi Fani-Kayode, a former minister of aviation. *This came days after Fani-Kayode insulted a journalist for asking him what he described as a “stupid question” at a press conference after his tour of Cross River State. “In line with the disposition of the national leadership of our great Union, the State Council has directed that no journalist should attend a media parley with Femi Fani-Kayode or any of his activity at any location in Akwa Ibom State. The NUJ is not part of the visit”, the statement reads in part. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Akwa Ibom NUJ shuns conference Akwa Ibom NUJ shuns conference Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Akwa Ibom NUJ shuns conference Akwa Ibom NUJ shuns conference Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Akwa Ibom NUJ shuns conference Akwa Ibom NUJ shuns conference