The suspended lawmaker of the Ondo State House of Assembly, Hon. Tomide Akinribido said his suspension by the leadership of the House of Assembly is politically motivated. Akinribido who maintained that his support for the embattled deputy governor of the state, Hon. Agboola Ajayi, over his impeachment responsible for his suspension. He said he was suspended for not supporting moves to impeach Deputy Governor of the state, Hon Agboola Ajayi. Speaking with journalists, Akinribido said the suspension was planned and hatched by the other lawmakers to witch hunt him, denying insulting the Speaker as being alleged. Akinribido said the plot against him became thickened as the Deputy Governor planned to move to the Zenith Labour Party. Speaking on Akinribido’s suspension, the Director Information Services in the House of Assembly, Mr Sehinde Fanokun, said Akinribido was suspended over uncomplimentary and derogatory remarks on the social media. ALSO READ: Umahi orders probe of funds approved for construction of Ebonyi bridge He said the lawmaker statements are capable of bringing the integrity of the House into disrepute. According to Fanokun, when the allegation was raised at plenary, a four-man ad-hoc committee was inaugurated by the Speaker of the House, Rt. Honourable Oleyelogun Bamidele David, to investigate the matter and report back to the House. He said that the Chairman of the ad-hoc committee, Rt. Hon. Samuel Aderoboye noted that Akinribido admitted that he authored the alleged uncomplimentary remarks and claimed to have apologised to the Speaker and other colleagues through phone calls assuring that such would not repeat itself in future. He, however, said the committee recommended punishment for the lawmaker to serve as a deterrent to others. A motion was moved by the Majority leader of the House, Hon. Olamide Oladiji and seconded by Hon. Adefiranye Festus, the Rt. Honourable Speaker, Oleyelogun Bamidele David noted that the messages in question were condemnable. The Speaker ruled that Akinribido should be suspended indefinitely while he should submit all government property in his care to the Clerk of the House.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn
DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’
Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life
There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfil his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court
THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks
THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE