Arrangements are being made by the Lagos State Government for the electrification of 35 communities in Badagry. This was disclosed by the lawmaker representing Badagry Constituency 1 in the Lagos State House of Assembly, Hon. Ibrahim Olanrewaju Layode during a recent interview. Layode said that the project was being undertaken by the state government in conjunction with the residents of the communities, some of whom he said have provided transformers and poles for the projects. The lawmaker, who stated that he had been having regular meetings with Governor Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu of the stare on the project, added that the government had promised to ensure the completion of the projects between now and end of October 2020. On some of the major challenges facing the people of his constituency, Hon. Layode said that Governor Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu of the state was in Badagry some days ago and that he saw the mother care centre in the general hospital and he discovered that it had not been completed. “The Governor gave the state Ministry of Health between now and September that he wanted to come and commission the project. “Even the Cardiac centre in the hospital, he said they should fix the equipment. We usually refer our people to Ikeja General Hospital, when we have the structure and the personnel in Badagry. “The Governor has instructed the Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi to ensure the completion of the project. “Also the roads in Badagry need repairs, some that were built before I was born is bad. Like the one from Topo Garage to VIP Chalet and ASCON Road are bad. We heard that some of them have been approved, but funding matters. “On the environment, we have the issue of refuse on the road that has not been packed by the PSP,” he said. While speaking on his personal efforts for the people, the lawmaker said that he was able to provide palliatives for them during the lockdown declared by the government to curb the spread of Coronavirus. He said that he gave food items to about 2,000 residents during the period and that he had been engaging the youths on how to keep them busy. “I give GCE Forms to students, we give to about 150 students every year, but we are not doing that now due to COVID-19 issue. “In December, I give items to the people, I sink boreholes for them with my personal money. Sometimes the communities call on me to repair the boreholes provided for them by the state government. “Also, on women empowerment, we take care of the women. Some artisans come to me and I give them money for shops, generators and other items. “Traders also come to me, but we don’t mention the names of the people we help. I even buy vehicles for youths who use them for transportation. I spent about N2 to N3 million to empower some of them recently and they will pay back in three years with a discount. “I am still embarking another one. Everybody cannot go to school, some of them engage in jobs like driving taxis, buses and trucks. “I also assist my people with boats for those that engage in fishing. Also on agriculture, I ensured that some of them benefitted from the YES programme, when I was the Chairman of the House Committee on Agric,” he said. Hon. Layode also spoke on the Lagos-Badagry Expressway and emphasised that he had been part of those calling on the Federal Government to repair the road, which he said is an international road that should be properly managed by the government. “We have written letters to the Federal Government to help us start work on the road and provide palliatives for us on the road. “They have promised to do that as the Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Raji Fashola said we should give them time. “We heard that N1.6 Billion was approved for the road by the Federal Government during a Federal Executive Council (FEC) to do palliatives on the road. That is about three weeks now, we are waiting for a little time to write them again. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current…Ibrahim Olanrewaju Layode School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting…Ibrahim Olanrewaju Layode MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents…Ibrahim Olanrewaju Layode The 9Cs Of Success Success is the dream of everyone but the reality of a few. While it is possible for everyone to be successful, it is only those who are willing to put into practise the principles that engender success that prime themselves for success. Here are some of the success-enabling principles, all of which start with…Ibrahim Olanrewaju Layode FACT CHECK: Did Buruji Kashamu Die On Same Date With His Mother? CLAIM: A viral photo which was circulated on social media claim that late Senator Buruji Kashamu died on August 8 just like his mother who died in 2019…Ibrahim Olanrewaju Layode Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.