The Federal Government, on Monday, said the disinfection and decontamination of the 104 Federal Government Colleges of COVID-19 to make the institutions safe for the resumption of students is ongoing. Minister of Environment, Abubakar Muhammad, made this known, on Monday, in Abuja at the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19 briefing. He noted that the purpose of the decontamination was to provide a clean, healthy and safe environment for the school children preparing to take their examination. He called on the parents to advise their children to be of good behaviour at the examination centres. He said: “Following these simple rules will make sure these examinations are taken without much incident. We wish them success in the examinations.” Meanwhile, the Minister of State of Education, Hon Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, has said proprietors schools were free to charge school fees for the 3rd Term in view of the services they would be rendering to the students. He explained that the institutions were not charity organisations, adding that there would be need to engage the teachers’ revision and preparation of the exit students for their examinations, he said would run till November 2020. He said: “For public institutions, we can’t tell that we charge school fees, because the schools are tuition-free, even though this varies from state to state. “But when you go into a contractual relationship with a school owner, a school owner is a passionate person, he is not running a charity organisation but a business person and will have to charge you for the services,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… FG decontaminates unity schools $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… FG decontaminates unity schools Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE