The Evangelical Church of Winning All (ECWA) has condemned the huge resources being committed to the supposed deradicalisation and rehabilitation of the repentant Boko Haram members by the Federal Government while millions of their victims are still languishing in deplorable Internal Displaced Persons (IDP) camps. According to a communique issued by the church at the end of its 67th General Church Council meeting in Jos, Plateau State on Saturday and signed by its President Reverend Stephen Panya Baba and General Secretary Rev. Yunusa Sambo Nmadu respectively, the church considered the approach not to be the best use of the taxpayers’ money and indeed a complete misplaced of priority. The church considered the recruitment of many of such supposed repentant deradicalised fighters into the military and other security agencies as a dangerous trend, capable of recycling and legitimating insurgency by infiltration of the security services from where insurgents could continue to wreak havoc on unsuspecting citizens. It, therefore, advised the military to channel such resources towards the welfare and proper equipping of Nigeria gallant soldiers in the frontline of the battle against the terrorists as a way of discouraging mass resignations and desertion by military personnel. On COVID-19 pandemic, ECWA expressed disappointment over some state especially in the South West who have kept places of worship closed to worshippers, adding that it was ironical to open markets with a larger crowd and keep places of worships closed to worshippers. It, therefore, appealed to the concerned state governments to allow for the immediate opening of worship places with the application of NCDC operational safety guidelines, urging all citizens to obey the safety protocols for the prevention and curtailment of the spread of COVID-19 by observing frequent washing of hands with soap under running water and cleaning of hands with alcohol-based sanitisers. The General Church Council further observed with concern the continued decay of the nation’s infrastructure, particularly the roads and medical facilities and therefore calls for urgent repairs, maintenance and upgrading of the facilities by the government. It added that most of the sovereign wealth that was wasted in the non-transparent distribution of palliatives should have been used for upgrading the health care system and in support of schools to make them compliant with safety guidelines for reopening.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Attacks Salami Panel •Accuses Panel Of Using Looters Against Him SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has accused the presidential panel probing the activities of the anti-graft commission under his leadership of being hostile to him anytime he attempts to take up issue with those testifying against him…Read Full Story Nigeria Records New 462 COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 43,151 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 462 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. The 462 new cases have brought the nation’s confirmed cases of COVID-19 infection to 43,151… Read Full Story No Inch Of Yoruba Land Will Be Ceded To FG’s Creditors —Afenifere THE pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Friday declared that no inch of Yoruba land will be ceded to creditors of the Federal Government should there be reasons for its creditors to make such demands… Read Full Story Naira Marley Has Delivered On His Promise Of N1m To Me —Actor, Jude Chukwuka For actor, emcee and orator, Jude Ogomegbulem Chukwuka, he is a connector between the old and younger generations. Fame smiled on him recently as he became the talk of the town and everyone wanted to know more about his personality. In this chat with FEMI OGUNTAYO, the Delta-Igbo man, who is in his late… Read Full Story Oshiomhole’s Jolly Ride In Raw Realism IF you allow a lamb unfettered freedom to jump as he likes, he might end up breaking his tender legs. These were the words my grandfather used when he once remonstrated with a young, freedom-seeking me. It felt very picturesquely different and was piercing in a new way because I had just relocated from Ibadan… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE