The Chairman Edo State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governorship Campaign Council, Chief Dan Orbih has accused former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu of interfering in the political affairs of Edo State. This is just as the Edo State deputy governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu alleged that some PDP members’ names have been given to thugs for assassination. Orbih spoke in Benin yesterday in the company of Comrade Shaibu faulted the All Progressives Congress (APC) national leader over his claim that Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki has committed impeachable offences. The former Edo State chairman of PDP advised Tinubu to leave Governor Obaseki alone because he is not a dictator. He said that Tinubu’s style of politics is unattractive to Edo people, adding that it doesn’t make sense for him to sit in Lagos and draw up the impeachable offences for the elected governor of Edo State. He charged: “I call on Tinubu to concentrate more on his epileptic presidential ambition, rather than trying to dictate Edo politics.” He said as a former governor of Lagos State, he should know that once a proclamation is made, the law doesn’t permit a governor to issue another proclamation. “Obaseki made proclamation and 10 members turned up for inauguration and took the oath of office while the 14 members-elect stayed away on the instruction of their godfather. “We only have 10 members of the State Assembly who are legally representing their constituencies. “The other 14 members-elect are no longer house members. Their seats have been declared vacant having been absent from plenary for 160 days as dictated by law.” He noted that when the complex was renovated during the time of Adams Oshiomhole as governor, the house after a resolution moved to the old legislative chambers at the government house for sitting. “It is now obvious to Edo people that the crisis in the house is influence by external forces. Outsiders can’t draw the political train of Edo State backwards with the influence of Oshiomhole and his preferred candidate.” On the assassination plot, Shaibu said that security agents have been duly informed about the plan. The deputy governor said that it became imperative to notify the citizens of the state and the entire world of what the state is going through at the moment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.