THE leaderships of Aviation Safety Round Table Initiative (ASRTI), Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) and Infrastructure Concession & Regulatory Commission (ICRC) have jointly met to exchange ideas on how best to develop airports across the country and the possible best approach to the proposed concession of some major airport terminals. The meeting had in attendance, the Technical Assistant to the Minister of Aviation, Mr Mustapha Junaidu, a staff of the ICRC attached to the Federal Ministry of Aviation. In his opening remarks, the Managing Director/Chief Executive of FAAN, Captain Hamisu Yadudu said he conveyed the meeting in his capacity as the Chairman of the Federal Ministry of Aviation (FMA) Concession Team, even as he commended ASRTI for its role in the industry’s development over the years. “I have been in the industry for 20 years. One thing with ART is that you have always kept in touch. You have always been there to offer your advice and interpretations. It is important that we do a good job so that those coming after us will have something to look up to. Aviation belongs to all of us. It does not belong to any individual,” he said. The President of ASRTI, Dr. Gabriel Olowo commended the leadership of FAAN under Yadudu, noting that “we have not had this kind of engagement over the years because ASRTI was perceived differently, whereas ASRTI’s activities have been in the interest of the industry.” Yadudu explained that the long processes of public procurement were a major challenge to the aviation industry because of the speed of response involved in the sector. He however, cited one of the benefits of concession as the fact that a Service Level Agreement (SLA) would be signed between FAAN and the concessionaire such that whenever there is an emergency in fixing of faulty equipment for instance; the concessionaire addresses the issue immediately, to be paid later. This solves the problems of waiting for long procurement processes. Yadudu said even though FAAN’s revenue had totally dropped because of the COVID-19 effect, the authority had taken delivery of 55 Self Service Kiosks from ICTS as part of efforts to improve comfort for airport users just as he said that the authority had equally received approval to increase its Passenger Service Charge after due consultations with relevant bodies including IATA. Yadudu also added that progressive efforts were already being made to address the controversies surrounding the BOT agreement with Bicourtney Aviation Services, operators of MMA2. On the communiqué’s request for a minimum government involvement in airports management, he noted that minimum involvement was relative as issues such as Aviation Security and Safety would always involve the government as part of its responsibility. In his presentation, Junaidu explained that FAAN would make more money and spend less on maintenance when SLA is signed with a concessionaire to cover that. To address the issue of process transparency raised by the communiqué, Junaidu said a Strategic Communication Consultant had been appointed by ICRC to keep stakeholders informed on it activities.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North…