Activities at Bristow helicopters in Lagos was abruptly brought to a halt this morning as members of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and its affiliate bodies made do with their threat to shut down the operations of the company. Early in the morning, the union had barricaded all entrance into the company premises following the indefinite strike embarked on by Nigerian pilots and engineers in the employment of Bristow under the aegis of the National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers, NAAPE over labour issues. The aluta action was heralded with a solidarity song from the union to the chagrin of workers of the company who were looking forward to starting work after the Sallah celebration as they were barred from going into the company premises. Executive members of the NLC, the National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE) used their vehicles to block the entry and exit gates to prevent staff and other persons from gaining access into the Bristow premises. ALSO READ: H1’2020: Nigerian Breweries posts N151bn revenue Speaking, NAAPE’s Public Relations Officer, Mr Frank Igwe said the union was pained over the ill-treatment of Nigerian pilots and engineers in the area of remuneration while expatriates were treated like kings and paid full salaries in dollars. According to Igwe, among the demands of the unions include: the restart of the suspended Conditions of Service, CoS negotiations, fulfil the promise of employing Nigerians as a young cadet and trainee engineers, adjust national engineers’ progression in tandem with expatriate nationals and global aviation standards among others. The management of Bristow helicopters in reaction had pledged its willingness to engage and dialogue on the issues only “if NAAPE is ready.” It explains that it stopped the Pilots and Engineers Conditions of Service (COS) negotiations, recognizing the recent global outbreak of COVID 19, Bristow pilots and engineers have remained the best paid in their industry and have not suffered any reduction or change in their salaries, at a time when operations have reduced by 50%.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn
DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’
Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life
There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfil his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court
THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks
THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE