THE global agricultural robots market size is expected to continue its moderate growth after reaching a value of $4.7 billion in 2019. Agricultural robotics or agribots refers to the introduction of automation technologies into biosystems such as agriculture, forestry, and fisheries. According to a new report by IMARC Group, agricultural robots are one of the latest innovations in the agricultural industry which role in the development of the viable sector of the economy cannot in any way be underestimated. These robots automate slow, dull and repetitive tasks which enable the farmers to focus more on improving the overall production yields. From robotic arms to drones and autonomous tractors, the technology is being employed in various innovative applications. Some of the robots in the agriculture industry are used for controlling weed, mowing, pruning, seeding, spraying and thinning autonomously, harvesting and picking, phenotyping, and sorting and packing. According to the UN, the world population will grow from 7.3 billion in 2016 to 9.7 billion in 2050. With this growing population, farmers need to produce more output sustainably with higher quality. This has encouraged the farmers to opt for agricultural robots to perform various agricultural activities with ease and minimal human intervention. Apart from this, many organisations are supporting research in computing and engineering that has enabled to develop agricultural robots. For instance, the US Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) has introduced the joint National Robotics Initiative to research the development and use of collaborative robots that will help in long-term prosperity of the US agriculture industry. Besides, Europe has funded at least six projects concerning robotic farming.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN