Aggrieved parents of Senior Secondary School students (SS3) in private schools in Ogun State, on Sunday, protested against the payment of N25, 000 levies for COVID-19 and malaria tests for their wards, as one of the prerequisites for admittance to their various schools on August 4. The state government has in a statement signed by the Special Adviser to Governor Dapo Abiodun on Primary and Secondary Education, Ronke Soyombo, over the weekend, said that the State Ministry of Health had made provision for a COVID-19 and Malaria tests for all SS3 boarding students in the state. This was said to be part of the conditions for the re-opening of schools, as they were asked to visit some public healthcare facilities centres in different parts of the state for the tests from last Friday, July 31st and Monday, August 3rd. In the said statement, the only student with COVID-19 certificate reading negative would be allowed into any of the boarding facility. ALSO READ: Business owners task Kwara govt to tackle security challenges However, this development had generated uproar amongst parents, who expressed displeasure on why they had to pay such an amount of money for the tests which were supposed to be free. When Tribune Online visited one of the venues for the test in Abeokuta, the protesters wondered why students in the public schools would be tested free of charge and their wards in private schools would be asked to pay for similar tests. Speaking with newsmen, the vice-chairman, Parent Teachers Association (PTA) in the state, Dr Kehinde Sanwo, wondered why the government should ask students in the private schools to pay for the tests, saying all the students are children of the state and deserve equal treatment. Sanwo said, “The parents here are good citizens of Ogun state who are taxpayers. It is so disheartening that we are here at the MTR hospital the venue for COVID-19 test and we are told to pay N25,000. “We learnt that those who arrived earlier did not pay a dime. So, we don’t know where the decision came from. Some of us have more than two children. Why this segregation?” At the time of filing this report, the state government through Soyombo promised to reach out to newsmen for the government’s reaction on the matter.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom? After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense! MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE