The Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has commended Fulani and Ham leaders for de-escalating tension and keeping the peace over the killing of a herder in Jaba local government area of the state. The Governor disclosed this through the Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan during a peace advocacy engagement at Ungwan Tunga in Nok District on Saturday. The herder, one Usman Shehu Abdullahi was killed by unknown assailants at the outskirt of Sabzuro-Tunga Nok Road on 23 August 2020. At the meeting with the parents of the deceased held at their settlement, the Commissioner in the company of Chairman of Jaba local government, Hon. Benjamin Jock, District Head of Nok, Elder Beno Adamu, Fulani leader of the area, Ardo Saidu and security agencies, the Commissioner said: “We are here on behalf of the Governor to commiserate with you over the unfortunate incident and to commend you for recourse to the law. “The security agencies are still carrying out investigation and we are grateful for your cooperation and understanding. Your cooperation helped immensely in de-escalating tension.” While concluding his remarks, the Commissioner appealed to all and sundry to double up sharing of vital information to government and security agencies so as to enhance timely intervention to emerging security challenges. In his response, the deceased’s father, Abdullahi Wakili assured government and security agencies of absolute recourse to the law hence their cooperation to security personnel investigating the case. Earlier in his remarks, the Chairman of local government, Hon. Jock said, the council has been working with security agencies in getting to the root of the killing. He added that he summoned an emergency meeting with critical stakeholders towards strengthening intelligence gathering and sharing of useful information. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Killing of herders Killing of herders Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Killing of herders  Killing of herders Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Killing of herders  Killing of herders