T Pumpy Concept Limited, developers of T Pumpy Estates, Abuja, has signed Oreofeoluwa Lawal-Babalola, the four-year-old boy in the popular Mummy Calm Down video as one of its brand ambassadors. The company also signed Nollywood actors, Femi Adebayo, Tayo Odueke AKA Sikira Sindodo, singer Sule Alao Malaika, Keji Adaralegbe (Baby K) and Osundare Damilare also known as Asiri comedy. Oreofeoluwa signed a two-year contract with the real estate company on Saturday at its corporate headquarters in Abuja. Speaking shortly before the contract was signed, the MD/CEO of T Pumpy Concept Limited, Mr. Akintayo Adaralegbe, said he was moved by the boy’s courage and boldness during the conversation with his mum in the viral video.  He described his action as smart, intelligent and resilient. “While many people only watched and laughed over the 3-minute-18-second footage I learnt a lot from it. “He’s courageous, bold and innovative. It reminds us that as a people, no matter the situation, we should learn to CALM DOWN! “We decided to bring him on board because of his courage, tenacity and power to negotiate, which are some of the things what T Pumpy stands for. “On behalf of the staff and management of T Pumpy Concept Limited, I welcome Master Oreofeoluwa to this family.” Speaking shortly after signing the contract on behalf of the young man, his mother, Mrs. Lawal-Babalola, thanked T Pumpy for reaching out to the son. She promised to do everything within her power to make sure the young man attains his dreams. When asked to comment on his new endorsement, a visibly-elated Oreofeoluwa said “before you buy any land in Abuja, calm down and come to T Pumpy Estate, the developer that cares and your future is assured.” T Pumpy also signed Ibadan-based comedy merchant, Ayo Ajewole, famously known as Woli Agba and Kannywood actress, Nafisa Abdullahi as its brand ambassadors. Meanwhile, T Pumpy also parades other top entertainers such as Nollywood actors, Femi Adebayo, Tayo Odueke AKA Sikira Sindodo, singer Sule Alao Malaika, Keji and Osundare Damilare also known as Asiri comedy. The T-Pumpy Concept team has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home designs and constructions with housing estates spread across Lugbe, Guzape, Karasana, kyami, Life Camp, Jabi, Wawa and Kuje. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve. Corporate Office address: No. 12, Monrovia Street, Off Aminu Kano Crescent, Wuse II district, Abuja Annex House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja. Follow us on our social media platforms. Instagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…