The various staff unions in the University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, as well as the Parent Forum of the university, have reacted to the Federal Government’s suspension of both the chairman of the governing council, Dr Wale Babalakin and the embattled Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe. Tribune Online reports that the FG also constituted an independent panel to investigate the matter that led to the crisis rocking the university. The unions include the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), the Non-Academic Staff Union (NASU) and the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU). The National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT) did not respond. While the trio of ASUU, NASU and Parent forum said the Federal Government position was not only a welcome development but also a bold and courageous step, SSANU through its chairman, Mr Olusola Sowunmi, said it was in prayer mood for UNILAG and still studying the development. Tribune Online spoke to each of them separately on phone on Saturday. The chairman of ASUU, Dr Dele Ashiru; and that of NASU, Mr Kehinde Ajibade: and the Parent Forum, Mr Babatunde Majekodunmi, said the Federal Government in this regards, had done well as it is on the side of the rule of law. They said the decision would certainly provide room for all feuding parties in the crisis to present their cases before an independent panel constituted to investigate all the issues in contention and bring permanent peace to the university. They said UNILAG as an institution needs to be guided by extant laws in all its activities so as to live up to its mandates of producing total students, quality research and community services. “So our union on this note appreciates the Federal Government for this courageous step to halt Wale Babalakin’s shenanigan in UNILAG,” ASUU boss stressed. Meanwhile, all efforts to speak to the sacked acting vice-chancellor, Professor Omololu Soyombo, on the news proved abortive as he did not pick calls made to his cell phone by Tribune Online at the time of filing the report.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… | suspension of Babalakin and Ogundipe | suspension of Babalakin and Ogundipe | suspension of Babalakin and Ogundipe