The Northern Governors Forum has expressed sadness over the cycle of violence and bloodletting in Southern Kaduna in which about 22 persons were reportedly killed on Wednesday night by yet to be arrested gunmen. It would be recalled that 33 Atyap natives who were among hundreds of thousands of already starving indigenes were killed in five Atyap villages in Atyap Chiefdom, Zango Kataf Local Government Areas in Southern part of Kaduna State by Fulani militia. The villages affected are Apiashyim, Kibori, Apiako, Atakmawei and Magamiya. Prior to now, they were all shut down with armed military men patrolling and enforcing the 24 hours curfew. But when the gunmen struck, the military was not on ground. According to statement by the chairman of the Forum who is also Governor of Plateau State, Simon Bako Lalong, the persistent attacks on villages in the area despite all efforts by the Kaduna State Government and security agencies to end the violence raises serious concern and condemnation. Lalong said this recent attack where the Atyab villages were affected shows the desperate attempt by criminal elements to not only cause pain and sorrow among innocent citizens but also to frustrate the efforts of the Kaduna State Government at fostering peace and harmony. He said, “We are deeply saddened by this cycle of violence and bloodletting that is carried out against unarmed and helpless people. This is reprehensible and regrettable. While we call on the security agencies to rise up to the occasion and apprehend these criminals, we also encourage the citizens to assist with relevant intelligence that will lead to the arrest of these bloodthirsty people.” Governor Lalong also said that the Northern Governors Forum maintains its position that any group or individual that is aggrieved for whatsoever reason should seek redress through official channels than resort to self-help which only exacerbates crises and instability. The Northern Governors Forum commiserated with the victims of the crises and the Government of Kaduna State, pledging its support to Governor Nasir El-Rufai as he works with all stakeholders to bring the incessant crises to an end. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.