US President Donald Trump on Monday dismissed claims by Manhattan District Attorney, Cyrus Vance, that he was being investigated for ‘ broader’ financial and insurance fraud. In a court filing, Trump’s lawyers argued that the probe was about hush-money he allegedly paid sex workers through his former lawyer and fixer, Michael Cohen, in 2016. The motion, filed at a federal court in New York, is Trump’s latest attempt to shoot down Vance’s request for eight years of his personal and corporate tax records. It was in response to a motion by the district attorney to dismiss the president’s fresh efforts to block the subpoena without delay. The president’s legal team insisted that the district attorney’s subpoena was“ overbroad and issued in bad faith, and amounted to harassment.” Vance suggested last week that Trump’s company was also being investigated for potential fraud after the subpoena was thought to be part of a grand jury probe focusing on the hush payments. “The president plausibly alleges that the grand jury investigation is about certain payments made in 2016, not some murky inquiry into broader financial practices,’’ the lawyers said in the motion. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Trump launched the fresh bid to protect his tax returns on July 28 after the Supreme Court ruled he was not immune to a criminal probe.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current…Trump denies fraud School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents…Trump denies fraud The 9Cs Of Success Success is the dream of everyone but the reality of a few. While it is possible for everyone to be successful, it is only those who are willing to put into practise the principles that engender success that prime themselves for success. Here are some of the success-enabling principles, all of which start with…Trump denies fraud FACT CHECK: Did Buruji Kashamu Die On Same Date With His Mother? CLAIM: A viral photo which was circulated on social media claim that late Senator Buruji Kashamu died on August 8 just like his mother who died in 2019…Trump denies fraud Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.