Worried by the spate of violence in the run up to the September 19 governorship election in Edo State, Governor Godwin Obaseki has appealed for calm. Obaseki who spoke with reporters in Benin City said that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) could postpone the forthcoming election should there be violence. The feuding factions in the Edo State House of Assembly are presently at daggers drawn for the control of the complex, an action which has led to the sealing off of the premises by armed security personnel. At the ceremony where the Edo State Council of Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) was honoured with the Innovative Award, he said that the All Progressives Congress (APC) led Federal Government had no regard for the constitution as it has ignored legitimate court orders. He said: “The people should be allowed to exercise their franchise in an atmosphere free of intimidation. They promised to use federal might against us. The state government is not in control of the police and other security agencies. Let Edo people be.” He added that his major challenge was how to make life better for the ordinary Edo person, noting that the unsolicited award was a testimony that he had kept the faith and delivered on his electoral promises.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.