President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Lawan, has described the re-election of Dr Akinwunmi Adesina for a second term as an affirmation of confidence by the shareholders and management of the Bank. Lawan said this in a congratulatory message to Akinwunmi on his re-election as President of the African Development Bank (AfDB) in a statement signed by Ola Awoniyi, Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate. Akinwunmi secured a second term after warding off allegations of malfeasance on which he was exonerated by the panel set up to in estimating him. According to Lawan, Adesina’s victory unequivocally affirms the confidence and trust of the shareholders, management and staff of the Bank in his leadership of the Bank and the direction he is taking it. ALSO READ: PDP congratulates Adesina over re-election The Senate President further said the renewal of his mandate was an attestation to Adesina’s excellent performance as President, evident in the Bank’s numerous developmental initiatives on the African continent. His words: “I am elated to convey the joy and pride of the entire National Assembly over the electoral acclamation for integrity, grace, substance and hard work. “Your re-election should be an impetus for taking the continental financial institution to a greater height, realising that the reward for hard work is more work,” Lawan said. Lawan urges Adesina to consider the storm that preceded his re-election as the fire test for gold and, having come out of the test glittering, to remain focused and resolute on his mission.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men…