The Senate Minority Leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has reacted to the clampdown on Nigerian traders and other nationals in Ghana. Senator Abaribe in a statement at the weekend said the action that enjoyed official endorsement by the authority in Ghana was “wilful denigration of sub-regional brotherhood and one that is in clear conflict with ECOWAS protocol, Ghana’s recent regulations, which stipulates that retail trade is the exclusive preserve of Ghanaians.” He described as “criminal and very disturbing” the closure of shops of Nigerians in Ghana by its authorities. “The authorities in that country need to prove us wrong by putting a halt to further closure of the shops and attacks on Nigerians in compliance to the Economic Community of West African Countries (ECOWAS) protocol. “So, what’s the point of having an economic community if at the end of the day each country resolves to make laws and regulations that are in contradiction with the binding protocol? This is quite absurd as it negates the spirit that propelled the formation of ECOWAS in the first place.” Senator Abaribe further urged ECOWAS to brace up and come clear in the prevailing circumstances to address the member-country behaviour and its far-reaching implications in her protocol, particularly the issue of free trade and movement among the peoples of the West African sub-region. He stated that “it was very unfortunate that Ghana, which hitherto has been enjoying a robust relationship with Nigeria, has in recent times been treating our people with so much contempt and underserved reprehension. “The latest actions,” Abaribe added, “calls to question their real intentions towards Nigeria and Nigerians, and this he continued was despite the fact that Nigeria had through her foreign affairs Minister, reached an agreement with Ghana Investment Promotion Council on this matter. “And now they are reopening the matter. So what has changed? Nigeria, I believe has done her best in the promotion of good neighbourliness; it is now Ghana’s to reciprocate and allow our people in that country to carry out their legitimate businesses unhindered.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis…