The Eyitayo Jegede Campaign Organisation (EJCO) on Thursday dismissed the rumours of a rift within the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State over the emergence of Jegede as its candidate in the forthcoming October 10 governorship election in the state. Debunking the rumour, the Head, Media Research for the organisation, Mr Samuel Fasua, traced the source of the rumours to some political elements in the state who had become jittery of Jegede’s rising political fortunes ahead of the election and were at work planting seeds of disunity among its members. Fasua, who maintained that the emergence of Jegede has been a unifying factor rather than causing division in the party, described as false, misleading and unsubstantiated, a statement credited to a group that the party is divided over the victory of Jegede at the primary election. A group, Vanguard for Justice and Fairness in PDP, had stated that the party is divided over the victory of Jegede at the primary election. But Fasua stated that “while we value individuals’ right to their opinions, we feel compelled to raise the flag regarding an allegation by this group that Jegede is seen by these unhappy (PDP) leaders as a follower of the ideology championed by former Vice President and PDP presidential candidate in the 2019 election, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. “Though this group applauded the election of Jegede, describing him as the choice of the people of Ondo State, it neither identified the leaders that were unhappy with Jegede’s emergence nor stated the nature of Atiku’s ideology that Jegede would pursue. “The group, as such, relied on these assumptions to declare that there is crisis in Ondo PDP over Jegede’s emergence. “But the truth of the matter is that Jegede emerged as the party’s candidate having won the highest number of votes cast in the primary. “Even, all his fellow contestants congratulated him, describing the poll as free and fair. Immediately after his victory, Jegede went to the homes of these aspirants to assure them that it was a shared victory.” Fasua however, wondered how the group came about a crisis situation for a party that had hit the ground running, in its campaigns to secure the votes of the people of the state. “We are now telling this group (though unknown to us), that the Ondo PDP is a united family. “Shortly after the primary election, we held a free and fair party congress in which new executive officers emerged for the party and those who contested for offices in the Congress and did not win, congratulated the winners. “Therefore, we urge that the Vanguard for Justice and Fairness in PDP, should channel its energies to selling the programmes of action of Eyitayo Jegede who is out to restore good governance to Ondo State, rather than ply the low road of presenting fairy tales as the truth.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.