OUR own Dr Goodluck Jonathan, who became one of the responsible African statesmen for the call he made to hand over to General Muhammadu Buhari five years ago when he had all the reasons to put Nigeria through all the stress, led trips to Mali but could not reverse the course of history. A coup took place in Mali eventually against the notion that military interventions are no longer popular. On the morning of 18 August, 2020, soldiers began firing bullets into the air at a military base in Kati, a town 15 kilometres (9.3 miles) away from Bamao, the capital of Mali. After moving into the capital, the mutineers arrested Minister of Finance Abdoulaye Daffe, the Chief of Staff of the National Guard, Mahamane Touré Moussa Timbiné, speaker of the National Assembly. The Prime Minister, Boubou Cissé, appealed for dialogue with the mutineers, acknowledging they held “legitimate frustrations”. A mutiny leader later claimed that Keïta and Cissé had been arrested at the former’s residence in Bamako; African Union Commission chairman Moussa Faki confirmed that Keïta, Cissé, and other officials had been arrested.  The spokesman for the soldiers said they had acted to prevent the country falling further into chaos. President Keïta resigned on Tuesday night saying he did not want “blood to be spilled to keep me in power”. The UN Security Council condemned the “mutiny”, urging the immediate release of the president and his officials. All troops should “return to their barracks without delay,” it said. The African Union (AU) voted to suspend Mali. Its 15-member security council called for the “restoration of constitutional order” and the release of the president and other government officials Mali, a vast country stretching into the Sahara Desert is among the poorest countries in the world and has experienced several military takeovers. It is currently battling to contain a wave of jihadist attacks and ethnic violence. The soldiers, calling themselves the National Committee for the Salvation of the People, said they did not want to stay in power. “We are keen on the stability of the country, which will allow us to organise general elections to allow Mali to equip itself with strong institutions within the reasonable time limit,” said the group’s spokesman, Col Ismael Wagué, the air force deputy chief of staff. In a televised statement, flanked by soldiers, he urged Mali’s civil and political groups to help create a “political transition leading to credible general elections for the exercise of democracy through a roadmap that will lay the foundations for a new Mali.” He also announced the closure of all air and land borders and a curfew from 21:00 to 05:00. “Our country is sinking into chaos, anarchy and insecurity mostly due to the fault of the people who are in charge of its destiny,” he said. The chairman of ECOWAS, General Muhammadu Buhari, who leads a country whose internal affairs are not really impressive or better than things in Mali, has only been happy about the release from detention of irresponsible political leaders of Mali. With the suspension of Mali from ECOWAS (whatever that means in real terms), he has moved to negotiating a year transition with the junta as against the three years the solders promised. The irresponsible conduct that has led to the turn of events in Maki is a real danger for Africa as President Buhari rightly observed, as it may signal another season of adventurers in power staging their games in the zone that has no serious trajectory in democracy and good governance. The only solution for Africa is to work internally for stable and democratic order as against increasing its irresponsible big men farting all over the place. The people of Africa should become more assertive like Malians with much clearer political direction in the period ahead.  BUT for the labour of love of my good brother, Mogaji Gboyega Adejuwon, the bombastic fool would never have received a response from me. I am sure he would have been waiting for one for over three months now. As a lousy job-seeking mercenary, he took a direct umbrage at me even when I had no issue with him. My last relationship with him was when he was a reporter at Sketch coming to look for news when we led the students in Ife in the late 80s. I have seen him grow into a bombastic insult traders with reckless abandon and watched him only from a distance. My closest encounter with him was some years ago, when a group I belonged was going to make a presentation of a book on Yoruba history. He showed up a day before the presentation at the home of Dr Kayode Fayemi in Ibadan on behalf of the author whom he had so many unkind things to say about. Yet he still struggled for the microphone with Professor Wale Adebanwi, a worthier fellow to read the author’s address. Shortly before his recent attack on me, he came briefing my colleagues on the shortcomings of the man he was fighting me for. The old man cannot in good conscience fight me the way the fool did, because good is all I have done to him and his house. I never set out to fight him but I had a duty to stop our young people from being put in harm’s way unnecessarily. The same task Professor Bolaji Akinyemi performed brilliantly. The bombastic fool then thought I would jump into the mud fighting him so they would not distinguish between us. I have not read him up till now as God has given us the grace to be above the fray of his types, I only learnt of the indignation Mogaji expressed against his folly three days ago and I thank a worthy brother and I plead with him that such a nuisance is not worth our time. Dear Yinka, I commend you on this piece and salute your courage in revealing the intimate details of your encounters with the subject of your piece. You have professionally dealt with the issue, stating what you have learnt on this matter without the usual Nigerian system of abuse and derogatory remarks, something which I don’t believe the subject of this piece will spare you if he proffers a remark. Finally, I wish all our elite, some whom you’ve mentioned in this piece, and others who know the subject and his antecedents will speak up now to save innocent Nigerians and Nigeria itself in future from doom and bloodshed. God bless you.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …