Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday was on a visit to the site of the helicopter crash at Opebi area of the state,  for an on-the-spot assessment of the situation, even as he sympathized with the families of the victims of the sad incident. The accident, which occurred on Friday afternoon, left all three people on board dead. Two of the crew died immediately following the crash, while the only one who was rescued and taken to hospital for treatment, died thereafter. Sanwo-Olu, who met with residents of the buildings that the helicopter crash-landed on, appreciated God for his abiding grace over them, just as he ordered an immediate integrity test to be conducted on both of the affected buildings to know the level of impact. Besides, the governor assured that the state government would take on the responsibility of renovating the affected buildings and provide all the necessary support to cushion the effects of the tragic incident. “I was at the site of the helicopter crash at Opebi for an on-the-spot assessment. We sincerely sympathize with the families of the victims. I met with the residents of the buildings and we all thanked God for his abiding grace. “I have ordered an immediate integrity test conduct on both of the affected buildings to know the level of impact. We are taking on the responsibility of renovations and will provide all the necessary support to cushion the effects of this tragic incident,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said on his Twitter handle. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Sanwo-Olu visits Opebi Sanwo-Olu visits Opebi Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Sanwo-Olu visits Opebi Sanwo-Olu visits Opebi Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Sanwo-Olu visits Opebi Sanwo-Olu visits Opebi