The Association of Nigerian Licensed Customs Agents (ANLCA) western zone chapter inaugurated task force has received operational motorcycles and vehicles to combat sharp practices at the port. Recall that the association had recently set up the task force to check revenue leakages and corruption among the government agencies at the nation’s ports. Speaking at the official presentation of the vehicles and motorcycles in Apapa recently, the Vice President of ANLCA, Dr Kayode Farinto, said the efforts already put in place by the taskforce will send a warning signal to those who are in the practice of supporting illegality. According to him “I want to commend the zone for this laudable project. The licensed customs agents have been erroneously blackmailed and given different names as if we are the bad eggs of the society. With this effort, it will send a signal to whoever is into bad practices in the society. “The modus operandi and terms of reference have been given to them. We will not support any illegality; however let me also say we are going to invoke the Monroe Doctrine, which is if a cargo has been genuinely released by Customs, nobody has powers to arrest that cargo again. If such cargo is however arrested, then the Custom officer that released such cargo must be arrested too. That is the Monroe Doctrine. While appealing to its members to be patriotic citizens and not get involved in the clearance of hard drugs, Farinto urged the eastern zone of the association to take a cue from the western zone taskforce in setting up theirs.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN