President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated with Metropolitan Archbishop of Abuja, Most Rev. Dr Ignatius Ayau Kaigama, on “conferral of the Pallium for the See of Abuja’’ by Pope Francis, which is in recognition of his dedication to promoting unity, peace and justice. President Buhari joins all Christians, particularly the Catholic family, friends and associates of the highly revered clergyman in celebrating the honour by the Papal, affirming that the symbol of conferred jurisdictional authority to promote peace, harmony and unity is most deserved. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Friday said the President saluted the Metropolitan Archbishop of Abuja for “always projecting values of love and working diligently to promote the welfare of citizens in the country.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Archbishop Kaigama Archbishop Kaigama Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Archbishop Kaigama Archbishop Kaigama Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Archbishop Kaigama Archbishop Kaigama