The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has warned former All Progressive Congress (APC) National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and the candidate of the party in the forthcoming Edo State gubernatorial election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, to refrain from attempts to intimidate Governor Godwin Obaseki who is the PDP’s flag bearer in the election. Reacting to the alleged attacked on Obaseki’s convoy in Oshiomhole’s homestead while on a campaign visit on Thursday, the party admonished the APC chieftains to understand that the governor enjoys that confidence of the people of the state. Signed by Kola Ologbondiyan, Secretary, Publicity Sub-Committee National Campaign Council in Abuja on Friday, the statement said the alleged attack in Apana, Uzairue in Etsako West, was thwarted by the people of the area because of their love for Obaseki. It said: “In any case, our campaign counsels Ize-Iyamu and Oshiomhole to see the handwriting on the wall and realize that the Edo people already know their plans and will use every means legitimate, to resist their evil plots. “Of course nothing, not even the fiercest of attacks by Oshiomhole and Ize-Iyamu, can intimidate the people of Edo state to compromise their determination to reelect Governor Obaseki, under whom the state has recorded unprecedented upgrade in living standard, wealth creation, and massive infrastructural development in critical sectors.” The party hailed the people of Etsako West of Edo state “for coming out to confront, subdue and chase away armed thugs hired by the All Progressives Congress (APC) to attack the PDP and Obaseki campaign train in the area.” It added: “The firm solidarity and defence for Governor Godwin Obaseki by the people of Apana, Uzairue in Etsako West, where the sacked national chairman of the APC, Adams Oshiomhole, hails from, is a clear signal to Oshiomhole and the demarketed APC candidate, Osagie Ize-Iyamu, that the race is over for them. “Such spontaneous resistance coming from supposed Oshiomhole’s stronghold shows that the disgracefully sacked APC national chairman has no foothold or genuine followership in Edo but have become a political pint-size that only thrive in empty boasts, lies, propaganda and attempt to instil fear on the people by importing violence. “The courage and bravery exhibited by the voting population in Etsako, in confronting and vanquishing APC’s armed thugs, is a firm demonstration of their unwavering solidarity for their choice leader, Governor Obaseki and the fact that they cannot be cowed or suppressed by APC’s resort to violence. “The Etsako resistance as well as the legitimate audacity of the Edo people in resisting the recent attempt by Adams Oshiomhole and Ize-Iyamu to use compromised security agents to seize the State House of Assembly, show that the people of Edo are at full alert in their resolve to resist every attempt by the APC to use violence to forcefully take over their state. “The people of Edo State are already aware of how the APC is recruiting armed thugs, cultists and hoodlums, particularly from neighbouring Kogi State, to unleash violence on them and rig election for Ize-Iyamu, hence their manifest resolve to protect their state. “It is indeed reprehensible and inexcusable that a political party, which desires to take over governance of a state, would be hiring and arming cultists and thug to suppress and unleash violence on the same citizens it wants to govern. “ The party affirmed that under Governor Obaseki, millions of Edo citizens have benefited from various development programs including the creation of over 200,000 jobs, greater opportunities with over 4,500 new businesses, on-going training of over 150,000 Edolites in various entrepreneurial skills, over 4,000 job placements in productive sectors and 22,827 entrepreneurs trained in all local government areas among others. It said: “This is in addition to improved healthcare, road infrastructure, the establishment of agriculture, food and other investment clusters across the state with massive job opportunities. “Oshiomohle and Ize-Iyamu should, therefore, stop wasting their time as the people of Edo will do all to defend Governor Obaseki and the good governance which he and the PDP represent in the state. “ YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper…PDP chides Oshiomhole WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things…PDP chides Oshiomhole Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza. 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by …PDP chides Oshiomhole Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the…PDP chides Oshiomhole Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE