For decades, as far back as when the constitution was written, there has not been provision in the law for the protection of wives whose husbands force to have sexual intimacy. What then is marital rape or spousal rape? In simple terms, this is when a partner forces their spouse to have sex with them. While the law against rape only covers persons who are unmarried, and situations where the couple involved are unmarried, there is yet to be a law against spouses who forcefully have carnal knowledge of their partners. Looking critically at the current situation vis a vis a clamour to amend the constitution to protect parties in marriage who may not consent to sex, realistically speaking, how feasible is this? It is no mere assumption that it is women who are mostly the victim of spousal rape. Ironically, while the average Nigerian woman might seek justice and protection from her sexually “abusive” husband, she would rather protect him or the marriage. Why? Marriage means so much to the Nigerian woman and the society has molded the mindset of the growing African woman to honour marriage, sometimes to unreasonable degrees. Women, being the ones at the receiving end must hold with contempt the unjust provision of Nigerian law but before they do that, the question still stands: are the Nigerian women prepared for this level of law? Isn’t the omission of spousal rape as a criminal offence part of the measures that hold the traditional fabric of our society together? It is easy to crave a protection by the law, but have the women protected themselves? The consequences, therefore, must be adequately weighed. Efe Ronald Chesterfield, Oyo State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE