Nigeria’s Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has called for public assistance with a video clip or relevant evidence that may assist the agency on what transpired or led to the crash of the helicopter into a building at Opebi area of Lagos. In a statement issued by the bureau through its spokesperson, Mr Tunji Oketumbi while saying though it had since commenced investigations into the accident, declared that it will be amenable to receiving any information that will assist it in its investigation. According to the bureau, “Accident Investigation Bureau was notified by Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) at about 12:30 pm on 28 August 2020 and has commenced an investigation into an accident involving a Helicopter Bell 206B3 with the Nationality registration Marks 5N-BQW operated by Quorum Aviation coming from Port Harcourt to Lagos, which occurred on the 28 August 2020 at the Opebi Area of Ikeja Lagos.” The bureau confirmed that of the three Passengers OnBoard, that there two fatalities while one has been hospitalized. “As the investigating agency, AIB needs and hereby solicits for your assistance. We want the public to know that we would be amenable to receiving any video clip, relevant evidence, or information any members of the public may have of the accident; that can assist us with this investigation. “Kindly contact us on our official communication channels:Mobile App: AIB-NWebsite: www.aib.gov.ngTwitter: @aibnigeriaInstagram: @AIB_NigeriaFacebook: AIB NigeriaEmail: Commissioner@aib.gov.ngSMS/WhatsApp: +234807 709 0900, 0807 709 0928”. The Bureau, however, appealed to the public and the media to respect the privacy of the people involved and NOT assume the cause of the accident until a formal report is released. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…AIB calls for assistance AIB calls for assistance Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…AIB calls for assistance AIB calls for assistance Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…AIB calls for assistance AIB calls for assistance