Hip hop artiste, Azeez Adeshina Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley, was on Thursday, arrested and arraigned in court by the police in Lagos for violating the COVID-19 inter-state travel ban. Tribune Online gathered that the police had filed charges against him for violating the COVID-19 order banning interstate travels earlier put in place to curb the spread of COVID-19. It would be recalled that Naira Marley left Lagos for the Federal Capital Territory for a concert which was held at the Jabi Lake Mall on Saturday, July 13 and drew public outrage. Consequently, the Federal Government shut down the mall and stopped the operation of the airline of the plane that conveyed him down. ALSO READ: PTF extends phase two eased lockdown by four weeks Also, the Inspector-General of Police was said to have ordered Naira Marley’s arrest. Confirming the arraignment of the artiste, the Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana said Naira Marley presented himself at the command headquarters on Thursday. “We are in court as we speak. He will be arraigned for violating the interstate travel order. “That is the aspect that concerns Lagos State,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.