It is a matter of fact that the door is widely open for various interested contestants to occupy a lofty post in any organisation in-as-much as these contestants are qualified to join the race. The paramount aspect of it is to vehemently guide against the policy of nepotism and tribalism so as to allow peace to reign. In the forthcoming vice chancellor election at the University of Ibadan, decorum has to be maintained without violating the rules and regulations that will pave way to conduct free, fair and credible election. The fact remains that any election that lacks transparency has already lost its value by all standard. The people in authority should have an understanding that power is transient. Any public post has no peculiarity to a particular tribe or lineage and that is why the race is solely meant for those who are qualified regardless of their tribes. In a situation where lofty post is solely meant for people from a particular region, it has become nepotism and an act of tribalism. An adage says “what is sauce for the goose is also sauce for the gander”. Every individual has a right to contest for a lofty post in an organisation whether Christian or Muslim but what we are saying is that enough is enough for a particular tribe to be ruling while candidates from other tribes are nowhere to be found to govern. Let there be transparency in the forthcoming vice chancellor election at the premier university whether it would be conducted online or by open ballot system. Rev. Oladimeji Micheal olalekan Ibadan.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE