President of the Chartered Institute of Transport Administration of Nigeria (CIoTA), Dr. Bashir Jamoh, has restated the institute’s commitment to the safety of all modes of transportation in the country, especially those operating within the port environment. Jamoh stated this on Tuesday in Lagos while reacting to a recent incident where a container fell from a truck and landed on a commercial vehicle, killing the occupants, including two employees of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN). The CIoTA president, who is also Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), had in a separate telephone conversation with the parents of the deceased conveyed the institute’s condolences. He promised that the association would intensify its advisory role on transportation matters to rid the sector of unsafe practices and ensure smooth and safe movement. In an address to members of the institute, Jamoh stated, “I spoke with both parents (Mrs. Ajoku and Mr. Nnaekpe) of the two youthful FAAN employees whose lives were sadly terminated by the fallen container while in a bus on their way from work. As your president, I extended our collective heartfelt sympathies to them in separate phone conversations. “While comforting them, I also assured them that CIoTA will not only be lending a voice to this matter but will play its full leadership role of advocating for transportation safety on our roads.” He disclosed that CIoTA had started engaging stakeholders in the industry in a bid to find a lasting solution to the issue of safety, particularly with regard to proper latching of containers onto articulated vehicles, a major challenge that has faced transportation within the port environment in recent times. Jamoh said: “We have reached out to key state actors with a view to getting their commitments as we strive to work towards a broad-based programme that will involve critical stakeholders on the importance of safely and properly latching containers and cargo to trucks before they leave the marine and other import-export environments for our general road networks; while also addressing the important issue of the competence and mental status of the drivers.” He charged stakeholders to be supportive of CIoTA’s drive, saying the issue of safety in the sector can no longer take the back seat.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE