The Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC), Rev. Yakubu Pam, has promised that NCPC would collaborate with the Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria in order to advance the cause of Christian pilgrimage. He disclosed this recently in Abuja while playing host to the members of the Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria led by the Secretary General, Rev. Fr. Sam Jimi, in his office. He commended the Catholic Church for their long history of pilgrimage, explaining that most of the holy sites in Israel and Rome are preserved by the Catholics. “By the special grace of God, we will work with you and give you the rapport you need.” The NCPC boss therefore called on Nigerians to learn from the Catholic Church example. He further expatiated that the Catholic Church gives government what belongs to government and gives God what belongs to God. Rev. Pam also affirmed that his working relationship with the Catholic Church over the years has been very cordial and would strive to strengthen the relationship. He stressed that the essence of the coming of Christ to the world is reconciliation and as such there was need to ensure that peace reign in the church and in the nation. According to him “without peace no government will succeed and no development will take place in an atmosphere of violence.” He recalled with nostalgia the role he and the Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, His Grace Archbishop Ignatius Kaigama played in building peace in the Plateau State while he was still serving as the Archbishop of Jos Dioceses. He affirmed that he would join hands with him to continue in building peace in Nigeria. Rev. Pam assured his guests that he would be fair to all, adding that NCPC is non-denominational as it belongs to all Christians.” He urged them to intensify their prayers to put an end to the menace of COVID 19 as prayer is the key to every problem. Earlier, the Secretary General of the Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria Very, Rev. Fr. Sam Jimi, said they were in NCPC to congratulate him on his well-deserved appointment. He stated that his appointment was an uplifting for the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) as one of them had been chosen. He explained that the sense of goodwill which had greeted his appointment was genuine therefore “we are here to support you” He added that such outpouring of good will would help to build Christian pilgrimage, Christian Faith and Christian unity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions…NCPC to partner Catholic Secretariat Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari…NCPC to partner Catholic Secretariat Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report…NCPC to partner Catholic Secretariat China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by…NCPC to partner Catholic Secretariat Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.