Deputy Minority Chief Whip in the House of Representatives Honourable Segun Adekoya and a former federal lawmaker, Honourable Ladi Adebutu, have agreed to work together to return the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to winning ways in the state. The duo, hitherto kept apart by political differences, were reconciled at a peace meeting brokered by the immediate past chairman of the party in the state, Chief Bayo Dayo. Honourable Adekoya, popularly called Attacker, is representing Ijebu-North/Ijebu-East/Ogun Waterside Federal constituency, while Honourable Adebutu represented Ikenne/Sagamu/Remo North Federal Constituency in the eighth National Assembly. Tribune Online gathered that the peace meeting was held at the residence of Chief Dayo where the two lawmakers agreed to ensure PDP returns to power in the state in 2023. The meeting was attended by other leaders of the party including Honourable Daisi Akintan, who is the PDP South-West Secretary; Prince Sunday Solarin, PDP State Secretary; Kayode Adebayo, senatorial chairman for Ogun East; Bola Kalejaiye, who is a former chairman of Ijebu North Local Government; Chief Dele Ajayi and others. Dayo admonished both parties to harmonise every programme of the party and ensure a fair and just relationship that will lead the party to victory. Adebutu, in his remark, pleaded with party leaders to always embrace unity and be committed to working for the success of the party in 2023. Adekoya expressed his willingness to join hands with Adebutu in working for the oneness and victory of PDP as a party in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.