THE crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) deepened on Saturday as parallel state congresses were conducted for the state working committee of the party. The party had been polarised in recent times with a former governor of the state, Mr Ayo Fayose and the lawmaker representing Ekiti South, Senator Biodun Olujimi leading the two warring groups for the soul of the party. The crisis made the National Working Committee (NWC) constitute a seven-man caretaker committee headed by former Senate Chief Whip, Senator Hosea Agboola for the running of the party’s affairs in the state. At the congresses held on Saturday, a former commissioner for environment in the state, Honourable Bisi Kolawole emerged chairman from Fayose’s camp, while the Olujimi group elected a former member of the House of  Representatives, Honourable Kehinde Odebunmi as the chairman of the opposition party in the state. While the Fayose group conducted its congress at the instance of the former governor, Segun Oni at the Petim Guest House, the Lotus Guest House in the state capital played host to the former Senate minority leader’s group. Speaking at  the factional congress, Fayose warned the party members against indiscipline and disloyalty, saying, “PDP was robbed  in 2018, but 2022 is another day.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…