Ahead of the screening exercise scheduled to be held on Tuesday by the Lagos State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in respect of the bye-election to fill the vacant seats in the East Senatorial District and Kosofe constituency respectively, six aspirants have so far collected and returned their nomination forms as at last count. The 5-member screening committee put together by the party headquarters and headed by Hon. Tajudeen Ayo Yusuff will commence with the exercise by 10 am at the PDP state secretariat, Adekunle Fajuyi Way, Ikeja GRA, as directed, Tribune Online has learnt. Spokesperson of PDP in the state, Mr Taofik Gani, disclosed to the Tribune Online that four aspirants have obtained nomination form for the senatorial contest, while two aspirants have so far obtained nomination form for the vacant seat of Kosofe Constituency II. The two seats became vacant following the death of the incumbents, Senator Adebayo Osinowo; and member representing Kosofe at the State House of Assembly, Hon. Tunde Buraimoh, all of ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), following which the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed October 31, 2020, for the bye-election exercise. ALSO READ: NBA controversy: Don’t allow it to take religious and ethnic dimensions ― Former Emir of Kano, Sanusi Tribune Online gathered that the PDP senatorial aspirants, who are billed to appear before the screening committee are: Mr Babatunde Gbadsmosi, a former governorship candidate of Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the last poll exercise; Princess Abiodun Oyefusi, Princess Saidat Odofin Fafowora and Mr Olanrewaju Moshood Babatunde aka Bob Tarner, while two aspirants, whose names could not be confirmed as of the time of going to press, were said to have obtained nomination form for the state constituency seat. Princess Oyefusi, it would be recalled was the PDP candidate for the 2019 poll, which was won by the late Senator Osinowo of APC. Osinowo died on June 15 at the age of 64, while Hon. Braimoh, who was until his death, a member representing Kosofe Constituency II and Chairman, House Committee on Information, Strategy and Security, died on July 10, at the age of 59 after a brief illness. Other members of the screening committee, as announced by the statement issued by the National Organizing Secretary of PDP, Col. Austin Akobundu (rtd.) are Otunba Daisi Akintan, Mrs Helen Adebakin, Dr Adekunle Akindele, while Barr. Jacob Otokpa will serve as secretary.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN