While the world continues to battle the coronavirus, some northern states are facing another crisis. In this part of the country, covid-19 is real, but incessant killing is of more concern at this critical period. Northern Nigeria is in deep grief. Things are not going smooth in that part of the country. As other Nigerians wake, sleep and live in peace, the case of northern Nigeria is different. Borno, Zamfara, Katsina, Sokoto, Kaduna, etc are the centers for banditry, kidnapping and killing. These states are under serious security threats as men of the underworld have launched countless attacks, claiming many lives in this region. Sadly, they’ve not stopped. The peaceful atmosphere this region was known for has been a story for the gods. On this scourge, physical and online protests have been established and advocacy against the menace has also been recorded by the media. However, despite all the clamouring, the problem of insecurity in the North hasn’t been solved. Prior to this, a huge number of military officers on the frontline to tackle insecurity were reported to have willingly resigned over what can be called despondency. It is sad that this part of the country produced the first citizen of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari, who vowed to bring insecurity to its knees for peace to reign. Apart from that, top officials in the administration are majorly northerners. This is a big challenge to our leaders. While the National Assembly has called for the replacement of service chiefs because of seeming ineptitude, failure and incompetence and the service chiefs have tried their best to reach the pinnacle of survival, the space is now left for the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces to take charge and decide. There is a need for the president to safeguard the lives and properties of the people by taking action now.  Abdulganiyu Abdulrahman Akanbi, Kwara State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN