One week to the resumption of international flights from the Lagos airport, the Nigerian Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) MMIA has announced that it is embarking on combing of the terminal for drugs hidden in and around the terminal. The NDLEA airport commander, Mr Ahmadu Garba in a chat with some journalists hinted that about six sniffer dogs would be deployed for the exercise and replaced with another set after some minutes for effective coverage. His words: “We have enough dogs for the agency at a particular time maybe we may be deploying 5 or 6, we will be alternating the dogs at a certain period of time, the handlers are experts, when they bring them out for a certain number of minutes, then they take them back and replace them.” While insisting that no stone would be left unturned in ensuring that traffickers do not use this pandemic period to facilitate drugs out of the country through the Lagos airport, Ahmadu said: “We want to use the canine unit to try and comb the nooks and crannies of the airport to see if things were hidden during the time of inactivity as it might have afforded some people to try some things so we want to make sure we start on a good note and make things have been taken care of so we want to see what we can do to comb the airport. ALSO READ: Govt set to improve fish production in Delta “Now there is an extension of a week that will give us more time to improve on what we started and build on what we have done and I think to that extent we are ready by the time operations will commence definitely results will start coming in.” On the combing of the airport vicinity for drugs which he said would start from the basement and departure areas of the terminal building, the anti-narcotics chief declared: “The combing by NDLEA will be starting with the baggage area, there are some nooks and crannies around the departure hall upstairs basically these are the most important areas, walkways downstairs around the arrival, all these hidden areas, these are areas I think we need to move around, let them sniff and see if there is something hidden if there is nothing, then we are good to go and if there is something we will see what we can do about it.” Ahmadu said the command was fully prepared for the commencement of international flight revealing, that the officers of the command have been undergoing comprehensive training on the COVID 19 protocols by its international partners. The NDLEA commander said with the training, the officers would be more confident and more knowledgeable in the discharge of their duties especially in handling passengers with the COVID 19 symptoms even as he assured that officers of the NDLEA airport command would follow whatever the COVID 19 protocols entailed. Revealing how during the lockdown to date some drug traffickers wanted to catch in on the period to bring in drugs but were apprehended, Ahmadu added: “Drugs seized include Cocaine 9.873, psychotropic substances 66.488, ephedrine 3, cannabinol product 1277.4, cannabis 26.760 and methamphetamine 1.640, totalling 1385.661. From April to date, we made an arrest of 19 suspected traffickers, 17 males and 2 females. “The last arrest of March was made on the last flight before the lockdown of the airport, we arrest 4 traffickers with 4 seizures, April, none, May 5 arrest and 2 seizures, June 6 arrest and 3 seizures, July 3 arrest and 2 seizures and August 1 arrest and 1 seizure.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …