The House of Representatives on Tuesday disclosed that it’s Committee on Public Accounts is not investigating the office of the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo as insinuated in some quarters. Chairman, House Committee on Public Accounts, Hon. Wole Oke who gave the clarification while addressing the Permanent Secretary of Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget & National Planning, Mrs Olusola Idowu, explained that the ongoing investigation was aimed at getting documentary evidences of the school feeding procurement carried out by Federal Ministry of Budget & National Planning. While frowning at the misgivings being associated with the Committee’s activities, Hon. Oke said: “By our records, the office of the Vice President is responsible for policy formulation and monitoring of the National Social Investment Programme. ALSO READ: We’ll meet Afenifere, others to actualise Igbo Presidency in 2023 ― Ohanaeze Ndigbo “Issue bothering on procurement was handled by the Ministry of Budget and National Planning which has now been merged with the Ministry of Finance. “We have it on record that the Ministry of Budget and National Planning handled all issues of procurement from 2016 to September 2019 when the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs was created. “Our request is for the Ministry of Budget and National Planning to make available all relevant procurement records for the various items under the NSIP. Our investigation has nothing to do with the office of the Vice President but the Ministry. “A total of N1.79 trillion was budgeted for the programme for which over N600 billion was expended. The Bank of Industry has appeared and made some explanations. “The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs has also appeared and made their presentation on N-Power. We have also had presentations from the Programme Officers of the other three programmes. “Our interest now is on the Home School Feeding programme and that is what the Ministry to give us records of procurement. Nobody should make a mistake about that and our mission. “We are not available for anybody to use to malign anybody. We want to put that on record that we are not investigating the office of the Vice President.” The Chairman, however, asked the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry, Mrs Olusola Idowu and his team to liaise with a three-man Ad-hoc committee to reconcile its audit queries and report back for further legislative action.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.