Manchester United star and France’s midfielder, Paul Pogba, has tested positive for COVID-19, Daily Mail of UK reported on Thursday. The 27-year-old had been named in France’s squad for their upcoming Nations League matches next month but has been replaced by Eduardo Camavinga following his positive test result. Pogba had remained in England during his time off and was pictured enjoying a night out at the swanky Cipriani Restaurant in London on Saturday night with his heavily pregnant wife, Maria Zulay Salaues and friends. Pogba had taken a test on Wednesday and found out his positive test result on Thursday afternoon. France boss Deschamps confirmed Pogba’s withdrawal from the squad, saying: “I had to make a last-minute change to this list, because Paul Pogba was planned to be in this list but unfortunately for him, he took a test (for COVID-19) yesterday which turned out to be positive today, so at the last minute he was replaced by Eduardo Camavinga.” The £89 million United man will now have to spend 14 days in self-isolation, meaning he will miss the start of the club’s pre-season preparations next Wednesday and France’s fixtures against Sweden and Croatia. World Cup winner Pogba, who has a son with wife Maria, is just the latest Premier League player to test positive for Covid-19 after it was revealed on Wednesday that Chelsea have had to place eight players in quarantine after six players tested positive on their return from sunshine trips around Europe. The news about Pogba will come as a bitter blow for United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer who is also expected to be without Aaron Wan-Bissaka for the beginning of their pre-season training after he appeared to ignore his club’s advice by travelling to Dubai. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected…