Following the sectarian crisis that erupted in Zango Kataf between the Katafs and Hausa /Fulani which led to the death of over 200 people, the warring groups have met and agreed on a 13-point agenda that will promote peace in the local government area. The meeting which was summoned by the paramount ruler of the Chiefdom, AgwaAtyap, Sir Dominic Gambo Yahaya on Saturday was chaired by Air Vice Marshal, Ishaya Shekari and Dr Salim Musa Umar. At the end of the meeting, a communique which was read by the chairman of the summit AVM Shekari titled, ‘Atyap Peace and Reconciliation Summit’ was made available to the Tribune Online. According to the Shekari security personnel, leaders from Atyap (Kataf), Hausa and Fulani as well as officials from Zango Kataf local government attended the peace summit. He said 13 point agenda was agreed and adopted by the warring groups for the promotion of peaceful coexistence in the local government area. Among the resolutions reached by both the warring groups were the condemnation of the killings, maiming and destruction of farmlands and livestock as a result of the June 5 and 11 crises which led to the killings of hundreds of people from both sides. They also urged the residents of the area to help the security in fishing out the perpetrators. The meeting also regretted the loss of lives in the Chiefdom. Both wholly and heartily, the warring groups agreed to forgive and forget as no amount of revenge can bring back those killed during the mayhem.  The meeting also agreed to monitor the environment and report any strange movement, stranger, or criminal activities to the appropriate authorities. The meeting also appreciated that all Nigerians have the constitutional or fundamental rights to move or reside in anywhere including the Atyap Chiefdom without any fear or molestation. The communique also called on the warring groups not in the Chiefdom not to take laws into their hands but rather to report their grievances to security agencies. It was also agreed that no group should mount roadblocks anywhere in the Chiefdom. The meeting also agreed for the setting up of a standing peace committee comprising of Hausa, Fulani and Kataf. The meeting passed a vote of confidence on the paramount ruler before, during and after the recent crisis in the Chiefdom.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN