Some suspected hoodlums yesterday haul stones and fire shots at the campaign team of Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki at the small town of Apana, Etsako West local government area of Edo State. Security operatives had a hectic time battling the thugs who ambushed the convoy which included deputy governor Philip Shaibu, Chief Mike Oghiadomhe, former Chief of Staff to President Goodluck Jonathan and top leaders of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on their way to a rally at Apana in Ward 10. The attackers were however dislodged by a combined team of security personnel and Vigilante groups who repelled them while the Shaibu gave three protocol to the wind and gave them a hot chase. Shaibu’s bravery who jumped out of his official Spot Utility vehicle stunned members of the campaign team. The pandemonium caused by the gunshot and the hurling of stones, stalled the governor’s convoy temporary before the Ward-to-Ward campaign train berthed at Adams Oshiomhole’s corridor at Apana market square in Ward 10. It would be recalled that the PDP campaign Council had suspended its Ward-to-Ward rally earlier scheduled for 10th and 11th of August 2020 due to security reports of a planned attack on the Governor and PDP campaign team. Female police personnel who was caught recording the footage of the foiled attack, got a close shave with death while a crowd of PDP supporters including women and youths were unmovable despite. Addressing members of PDP and supporters later, Governor Obaseki, recalled several attempts to disrupt his re-election campaign through violent means. He said the forthcoming poll would determine who will take charge of the levers of power in Edo politics. The Governor vowed not to succumb to the antics of some members of the main opposition party in the State to plunge the State into chaos, which could result in the postponement of the election. “As we were coming here (Village square in Opana), you heard what happened. “They went to hire thugs and began to shoot to prevent us from coming here. “On September 19, 2020, use your Permanent Voter Cards (PVC’s) to pepper them. “Ward 10 is a special Ward. This election is special. It will show between who is in charge of politics in Edo State. “For all my Eight years in Government, you know what I did for Comrade Oshiomhole. He said it with his mouth. “I supported him to be the Governor. I raised for him. I worked for him and Edo State for right years without receiving a dime,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed …Thugs attack Obaseki campaign team FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states…Thugs attack Obaseki campaign team Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in…Thugs attack Obaseki campaign team FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset…Thugs attack Obaseki campaign team UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting…Thugs attack Obaseki campaign team Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE