A Kano High Court has adjourned a suit filed by Alhaji Abba Kabiru Yusuf who was the governorship candidate of People Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election, against the state government, Mudassir & Brothers Nig. Ltd and three others over move to allocate public properties for individuals use. The presiding judge, Justice Nura Sagir on Thursday adjourned the matter to October, 29 for the hearing of the motion on notice. It would be recalled that Abba’s defence team accused Kano State government of going ahead to lease the properties to some individuals despite a pending court case. The counsel to Abba, Barrister Bashir Yusuf Tudunwazirci, approached the court on the sale of Daula Hotel and Shahuci proposed Motorpark to Mudassir and Brothers and El-Samad Textile Company. According to him, the action of the government contravened the provision of the laws which prioritized public than individuals. Bashir said the government has no powers to sell public properties to individuals because it is against the provision of the laws. However, the State Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice, Barrister Musa Abdullahi Lawan, said the case has no basis because the government has every right to transfer public properties to anybody for the good of the people. Lawan said the government was served on the matter just two days ago after the government had taken a decision on the properties. He said: “You cannot rely on social media and think you have served us. That was where we learned of the case against us, which you know is not valid on us.” The presiding judge and state Chief Judge, Justice Nura Sagir Umar, adjourned the case to October 29, 2020, for hearing.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN