AFTER lying to her husband of 25 years that she was visiting her relatives in the village, the Matero Local Court heard how a woman of Lusaka, Zambia,  was discovered living with her lover two weeks later. According to the Zambia Observer, Webster Lumpangala, 47, of Chisamba area told senior court magistrates Pauline Newa and Lewis Mumba that Lazarous Malitino, 49; also of the same area had been committing adultery with his wife. “My wife left home on the pretext that she was going to visit her relatives, when in fact she was going to  Lazarous’s  house. “I called her relatives and discovered she was not there and so I started looking for her,” he said. Webster said after two weeks of searching for his wife, he surprisingly found her at  Lazarous’s house washing his clothes. “I never expected this because Lazarous is my best friend and he is like a brother to me. I had been hearing rumours about their affair but I didn’t have proof,” he said. Webster told the court that at the time he was looking for his wife, Lazarous went to the extent of hiding her at his parents’ house. “Your honour, I have brought  Lazarous to court so that he compensates me for ruining my marriage,” he said. Webster told the court that the couple got married in 1991 after paying bride price and that they have four children together. Lazarous admitted having an affair with his best friend’s wife adding that the affair started last year. “Webster’s wife is currently at my house and yes she does all the house chores.  I have even accepted her children as my own,” he said. Passing judgment, the court upheld the claim and ordered Lazarous to pay Webster K16, 000 as compensation for adultery in K500 monthly installments effective this month end.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper… WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza. 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by … Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the… Boko Haram Now Recruiting Child Soldiers — MNJTF THE Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) says the Boko Haram terrorist group has introduced the use of child soldiers to resuscitate its declining influence in the Lake Chad Basin. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the Chief of Military Public Information for MNJTF, Colonel Timothy… BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE