Popular Nigerian artiste, Daniel Oyebanjo, also known as D’banj, has commended the Federal Government for its Agro-Rangers initiative undertaken by the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC). D’banj gave the commendation in a statement issued in Abuja, on Saturday, by his Corporate Manager Mr Damien Okoroafor, following his decoration on Friday by the NSCDC Commandant General, Abdullahi Mohammadu, as an Agro-Ranger. Agro-Rangers programme inaugurated in mid-2016 is expected to forestall attacks on farms, boost farmers’ confidence to work on their farms without fear and to enhance FG’s food security plan. D’banj said he would dedicate his life and personal effort to put the country and the NSCDC on the global map and ensure that the insecurity challenges suffered by Nigerian farmers would be a thing of the past. “I find this initiative undertaken by the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps as a wonderful opportunity to serve my country. ALSO READ: Improve local government service, Governor Yahaya tasks Commission “Organisations or agencies such as the NSCDC need the support of the general public to do so effectively since they were established to protect Nigerian citizens. “Being a farmer of over 15 years, I understand the challenges suffered by farmers as incessant and re-occurring attacks stifle production and productivity,” D’banj said. Earlier, NSCDC boss Mohammadu said the Agro-Rangers initiative was part of President Muhammadu Buhari’s strategy to protect the lives and property of farmers, create jobs as well as guarantee food security in the country. He urged D’banj to always promote the initiative as the government had concluded plans to employ young and agile people in the 36 states of the country including FCT, as Agro-Rangers. “Nigeria has witnessed an escalation of deadly attacks in several years between farmers and herdsmen in Plateau, Benue, Kaduna, Nasarawa, Taraba and Niger States. “We expect that all hands should be on deck to make the initiative succeed and tackle head-on the insecurity crisis suffered by our farmers’ countrywide. “It is expected that the initiative will also create jobs and further empower the youths to participate more actively in playing a role in the system,” Mohammadu said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… D’banj hails Agro-Rangers initiative Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… D’banj hails Agro-Rangers initiative LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN