The Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, on Saturday in Gashua, Bade Local Government Area, sponsored the wedding of 100 less-privileged spinsters. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the beneficiaries were drawn from Bade and Jakusko Local Government areas. Lawan, represented by the Speaker, Yobe House of Assembly, Alhaji Ahmed Mirwa, said the gesture was in aid of parents who could not shoulder the financial burden involved. He said the exercise would also discourage social vices such as rape, child abuse, and child abandonment, among others. The senate president promised that 200 other spinsters would benefit from similar exercise in the remaining four local government areas of his constituency, Yobe North Senatorial District. The other four local government areas are Yunusari, Yusufari, Geidam and Bursari. In his remarks, the Emir of Bade, Alhaji Abubakar Suleiman, thanked Lawan for the gesture, saying it would assist the most vulnerable members of the society. He appealed to the couples to live in peace with one another and always try to resolve their matrimonial challenges amicably. Coordinator of the exercise, Alhaji Muhammad Gagiyo, said in addition to the gesture, the senate president also promised to train the grooms on various skills to enable them take care of their families. According to him, the first batch of the exercise involved Bade and Jakusko Local Government areas, and the next batch would include the remaining four Local Government Areas of the zone. He further explained that 50 beneficiaries were selected from each of the six local government areas of the senatorial district. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.