In his determination to rid the correctional centres and police cells of awaiting trial suspects, the Acting Chief Judge of Kogi State, Justice Henry Olusuyi, has promised to set machinery in motion to fastrack decongestion process of Police cells and correctional centres in the state. Justice Olusuyi stated this when he paid a courtesy visit to the State Commissioner of Police, CP Ayuba Ede, in his office in Lokoja on Wednesday. The CJ blamed the Police for detaining suspects more than necessary, saying that the COVID-19 lockdown has worsened the situation of suspects in the police cells across the state. He explained that he was in the Police Headquarters as a follow up to the earlier visit to his office by the Deputy Commissioner of Police who laid complaints about the congestion of the Police Custody following the refusal of Nigerian Correctional Centres to accept the awaiting trial suspects. He restated the commitment of the Judiciary to continue to partner with the police and other security agencies in the state. ALSO READ: International Youth Day: Don’t be tools in the hands of politicians, NYCN tells youths “We are here to identify with your tasks of maintaining law and order in this difficult time. We have come to see how you have been coping with the new challenges the command is facing to combat crimes,” the CJ said. He advised the police not to keep suspects in their cell facilities beyond legal bounds, advising the police to collaborate with the magistrate’ courts for quick dispensation of cases. He, therefore, commended the Commissioner of Police CP Ayuba Ede in his efforts to combat crimes and criminality in the State. The State Commissioner of Police, CP Ede, while leading the Acting Chief Judge on inspection of cells at the command headquarters and A Division assured the suspects of the speedy trial of their cases. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… Decongest police cells UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Decongest police cells Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE