The Director-General of the World Health Organisation (WHO), Tedros Ghebreyesus said that,  more than 100 billion dollars will be needed to ensure everyone globally can access the tools to fight COVID-19. Ghebreyesus stated this during a virtual news conference in Geneva. “This sounds like lots of money and it is. “But it is small in comparison to the 10 trillion dollars that have already been invested by G20 countries in fiscal stimulus. to deal with the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic so far.” He said that the coming three months would present a crucial window of opportunity to scale-up the work of the ACT-Accelerator, a WHO-sponsored global collaboration to accelerate development, production, and equitable access to COVID-19 tests, treatments and vaccines. Ghebreyesus, however, said to exploit this window “we have to fundamentally scale up the way we are financing the ACT-Accelerator and prioritise the use of new tools.’’ ALSO READ: Court strikes out Lawyer’s suit against NSIA, National Assembly, others According to the WHO chief, there is a vast global gap between the ambition for the ACT-Accelerator and the number of funds that have been committed. “We are only 10 per cent of the way to funding the billions required to realise the promise of the ACT Accelerator,” he said. Noting that this week the registered cases of COVID-19 will reach 20 million, with 750,000 deaths, the WHO chief stressed that “behind these statistics is a great deal of pain and suffering.” “Leaders must step up to take action, and citizens need to embrace new measures,” he said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years
THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.