Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba State has warned the 49 3rd class chiefs in the state against the illegal allocation of lands in their domains to strange people and foreign investors. The Taraba governor gave the warning during a second meeting with the Royal Fathers, held at the Executive Chamber in government house Jalingo. Ishaku had on the 13th of May this year met with the 3rd class chiefs after their appointments to further their discussions on peace and security in all the chiefdoms. He said, allocating lands without due process is one of the major causes of the crisis in the midst of the chiefdoms, adding that henceforth, no royal father should allocate land without the approval of the government. According to Ishaku, even a local government chairman does not have the right to issue out a land certificate of occupancy to anybody or investor without following due process. “We leant that some Chinese citizens are coming to our state without even a passport and some time ago, I warned against cutting of Madrid tree which these Chinese people used to connive with some of our citizens cutting the trees. “These are people that you cannot go to their country and do such things and they leave you” Ishaku noted. ALSO READ: Public schools in decrepit state, need renovation ― Lagos Assembly While reminding the royal fathers on the purpose of their appointments, the Taraba governor also charged them on the need to ensure that people at the grassroots are feeling the impact of the government policies and programmes. “We are doing our best in paying your salaries but I am not happy that some of you do not pay their district heads and village heads based on the reports I received. “The information we need has to come from the village heads to the district heads down to the Chiefs, so if you don’t pay them salary how would they have the moral to work hard, therefore, I want you to desist from such act. “I also have reports that some of you do not give security reports on timely bases and I don’t know whether your local government chairmen are calling you for security meetings. “I’m also aware that some of you do travel without the approval of the local government Chairman, therefore, henceforth, no Chief should be travelling without the approval of the LG Chairman, because I will not accept that, because all of us are sons of the government” Ishaku emphasised. Commenting on the high rate of kidnapping in some parts of the state, Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba expressed worry which he attributed the menace to having some bad elements in the society who are serving as informants. “Based on the security report I received, what happened in Maisamari was that, someone sold his caws at the sum of  N50m which as a result of informants who mostly happened to be friends or people within the localities thought that the man took the money to his house and they informed the kidnappers which are so bad”. Said Ishaku. “We are working and finding information on such criminal acts and henceforth we are going back to the old day’s system of using traditional rulers on checkmating the influence of strangers into our state. “We are going to train you on administration for at least one week with a view to equipping you with knowledge on how to be carrying out your work. “We also have boundary problems among the new Chiefdoms in Taraba, which we are working on how to resolve such issues and I am also not happy that some of you are not in good time with each other, I wonder how this thing is happening because there is nowhere I have ever heard that Royal Fathers are having conflict between them, so I urged you to be on the same page with one another” the Taraba governor stressed. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE