THE NASD Over-the-Counter (OTC) Securities Exchange closed the week in the flat territory on Friday, as the total market value and the unlisted securities index remained at the previous levels it closed on Thursday. Specifically, the market capitalisation and the NASD Unlisted Security Index (NSI) both closed the session at N520.93 billion and 709.17 points respectively. However, the number of deals executed by market participants reduced by 61.1 per cent or 11 deals as seven deals were carried out at the bourse compared with the 18 deals recorded at the previous trading day. The deals were carried out on securities belonging to market hardliners, Niger Delta Exploration and Production (NDEP) Plc which recorded three deals, FrieslandCampina WAMCO Nigeria Plc with two deals, while Central Securities Clearing Systems (CSCS) Plc and First Trustbond Merchant Bank executed one deal each. From these deals, investors traded 739,689 units of shares at the bourse, 450.4 per cent higher than the 134,382 units of securities transacted on Thursday. Despite the rise in the trading volume, the value of the transactions reduced by 30.1 per cent at the session to N15.3 million from N21.9 million transacted at the previous session. Insurance company, ARM Life Plc, maintained its position as the most traded securities at the NASD Exchange by volume (year-to-date) with 7.4 billion units of its shares sold for N4.6 billion. It was followed by CSCS Plc, which has traded 200.8 million units worth N2.7 billion. Food Concept Plc, which has transacted 125.1 million units of its shares valued at N88.1 million, settled in the third spot. In terms of the most active stock by value (year-to-date), ARM Life Plc also remained on top of the chart for trading 7.4 billion units of its shares worth N4.7 billion. It was trailed by NDEP Plc, which has transacted 8.8 million units worth N2.7 billion and then CSCS Plc with 200.8 million units of its securities for N2.7 billion. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…