Primate Elijah Ayodele, founder and head of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, has rejected the section in the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) which specifies that religious organisations can be taken over by the government in the event of fraudulent activities or mismanagement. President Muhammadu Buhari signed CAMA into law on August 7, 2020, and the law makes provisions for strict supervision of religious activities by the government. Speaking in an interview with Tribune Churchnews the cleric said the government should avoid God’s anger and not get involved in church matters. According to Ayodele, the government did not receive the calling for the establishment of churches, nor has any input in how churches get funding for their operations, and as such, they can’t take over such organisations. He said: “Are you the one who bought the land? Did you establish the building? The church that I used my money to finance, my sweat… they can’t try it in my church. I beat my chest to say that with confidence. You’ll tell me if you’re the one who received the calling. All my life, my soul, my energy, my blood is in the church. Forget CAMA. Maybe the churches that are very rich, they can ‘CAMA’ them. Nobody can ‘CAMA’ my church for me. “I don’t know who advised the president on this CAMA. That person just wants to see the wrath of God because when you’re talking about CAMA, you’re talking about fighting God. In my own case, nobody can take over my church. “If it’s 1,000 days of fasting, I’ll do. I’ll finish the BoT they’ll put in charge. It’ll be like a rocket. You don’t even know the system of the church. Is it APC or PDP? Nigeria’s system is different from other countries. God called me and gave me the laid-down rules and somebody will say there’s fraud? “Let them come and take over. Heavenly bomb! When they hear it, they won’t hear till they die. They can’t try it. It’s just dead on arrival. They want to test the church. Meanwhile, there’s a prophecy we have said that the government will fight the Church. And I won’t blame the government because the church leaders are in partnership. Have you seen where an ordinary matter wants to rule the spiritual world? It’s not possible.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …