Former Leader of the Rivers State House of Assembly and strong supporter of the former Governor Rotimi Amaechi, Dr Chidi Lloyd on Monday dumped the All Progressives Congress APC and defected to the Peoples Democratic Party PDP. He also used the opportunity to publicly expressed regret of his role in the 2013 crisis at the State House of Assembly and apologised during which a fight among the lawmakers lead to serious injuries and hospitalisation abroad of one of the members, Hon. Michael Chinda. At his reception at the Government House by Governor Nyesom Wike and other PDP chieftains, Dr Lloyd said he had learnt how to be benevolent in politics among other things from the governor. He declared that henceforth, he and members of his community would work for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). In his statement, Wike said politicians who bear bitterness in their minds against others hardly make progress declaring that his success in politics and governance were because he carries no grudge against anybody. He said that during his second term inauguration, he asked for forgiveness from those he offended and also promised to forgive those that hurt him. Today, he said, Dr Chidi Lloyd has publicly expressed regret of his role in the 2013 crisis at the State House of Assembly and apologised, adding that he had forgiven Dr Lloyd because he is a Christian and those who became victims of that act have also consented. “Forgiveness is key for every Christian. God has forgiven me, why can’t I forgive. We have also met with Hon. Michael Chinda and others, we got their approval for reconciliation. “I love to attract people to our party because I am not a greedy politician. I believe that the more the merrier. I will do what is in the best interest of the people and the party. “Politics of progress does not undermine the importance of friendship. I believe that we must forget yesterday, put ourselves together for a better tomorrow,” he said. The governor also assured that he would complete the Akpabu-Itu Road and the electrification of the communities. “When we go to Akpabu during electioneering campaigns, you cannot move from there to Omudioga community even though they are in the same ward due to the bad road network. I have promised to reconstruct the road and restore electricity. “We will complete those projects within the life span of this tenure. Politics is about dividends of democracy,” he stated. Wike also upgraded the traditional stool of the traditional ruler of Akpabu, Eze Godwin Chukwuemeka Ordu from third class to second class. Rivers State chairman of PDP, Ambassador Desmond Akawor who received Dr. Chidi Lloyd into the party noted that he, Lloyd is an asset. He thanked Governor Wike for being an excellent statesman who has made it easy for the party to retain its foothold in Akpabo and Itu communities. The paramount ruler of Akpabu and Itu communities, Eze Godwin Chukwuemeka Ordu thanked Governor Wike for the projects and pledged that with their son, Dr Lloyd, they would ensure the success of PDP in the communities.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost… | Lloyd dumps APC | Lloyd dumps APC