A middle-aged physically challenged woman has been murdered and her blood drawn by suspected ritualists in Owa Oyibu, headquarters of Ika north east council area of Delta State. Report from the area alleged that the 31-year old was stabbed on the in-between her ribs while a pipe was inserted through the opening into her body to draw blood. The lady believed to be physically challenged had left her home in the evening hours of the day to purchase some snacks and never returned. Her lifeless body was later discovered on a heap of sand in the area. While no part of her body was missing, there was also no drop of blood at the scene. An eyewitness told Tribune Online that: “The victim was discovered on a heap of sand a few meters from her house with a bottle of soft drink and a packet of chin-chin close to her.” “We gathered that she was a virgin and had speech challenges which was suspected to have made her a victim of the organized crime,” the eyewitness explained. Some locals in the community who described the incident as ungodly and unprecedented prayed that divinity will judge the perpetrators of the evil act. Confirming the report on Sunday, the state police public relations officer, DSP Onome Onowakpoyeya, said the investigation into the matter is in progress.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$
Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others
The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje
Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President
Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate … physically challenged woman | physically challenged woman | physically challenged woman