The efforts of the Nigerian government in combating the continued increase in COVID -19 cases is well commended. However, the effect of the global health crisis has affected the country with partial lockdowns in key areas to contain the spread of the virus. There is now a stronger need for corporates to respond to the crisis and work with the government to help the people of Nigeria. This was a strong factor in Samsung’s decision to support the country. Samsung recently donated 500 Galaxy A2 Core devices in partnership with MTN who will provide SIM cards and 2GB data for six months to this effort. The devices will be used by case managers for data capturing and case reporting in the isolation centres across 36 states including the Federal capital Territory (FCT). Though technology is not known to prevent the onset of a pandemic, it, however, can help prevent the spread, educate, warn, and empower those on the ground to be aware of the situation, and noticeably lessen the impact. This is an essential part of Samsung’s strategy to support Nigeria on its mission to curb the infection rate and flatten the COVID-19 growth curve. Samsung’s Managing Director, Mr Caden Yu describes the initiative as the company’s commitment to supporting the people and community in these times. “Our thoughts are with every Nigerian and this donation is a way of using our resources to fight this pandemic. Through our collaborative effort, we will get through this Yu,” said. Samsung believes in strong collaborations between the government and the private sector and is committed to playing a sustained role in the fight against COVID-19.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE