The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has counselled President Muhammadu Buhari to have faith in Nigerian youths by appointing them into governance positions. In a statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday to mark the International Youth Day (IYD), the main opposition party pointed out that it gave the youth the opportunity to participate in government during its time in power. Signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, the statement said the PDP celebrates “the resilience, courage, industry and sense of unity among Nigerians youth It said President Buhari should grant them space for leadership participation “just like the past PDP administration.” The PDP applauded Nigerian youth for their steadfastness towards the development of our nation as well as their active participation in our nation’s democratic process. ALSO READ: Active engagement of youths, panacea to Nigeria’s socio-economic challenges ― Minister The party said the 2020 IYD theme: “Youth Engagement for Global Action” aptly portrays a celebration of the resourcefulness, ingenuity and creativity of the Nigerians youth as dynamic players in global competitiveness. It added: “Our party had always believed in the ability, talent and capabilities of the Nigerian youth with which they have excelled in various national and international fields including politics and leadership; commerce and industry, sports, science and technology, healthcare, aviation, banking, media, entrepreneurship and wealth creation among others The PDP said the Nigerian youth has been resilient in personal and national development despite the setback of anti-people and divisive policies of the All Progressives Congress (APC) administration. The party stressed that Nigerians youth have proven to be one of the most hardworking in the world contrary to being tagged “lazy” by the APC administration, which has failed to articulate effective growth and development policies for them in the last five years. The party urged the Nigerian youth to remain united and steadfast to the Nigerian project and not be deterred by the current setbacks being witnessed under the APC administration  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE