Houses have been destroyed rendering many people homeless while many farmlands have been submerged following the overflow of Kafin Zaki River around Ningi LGA of Bauchi State. Reports from the area have it that due to heavy downpour in the last few days, the rivers and other streams have overflown their tributaries making the water to find its way into villages destroying houses and submerging farming lands. Villages mostly affected are Gadan Maiwa, Garin Milka and Tsangaya all in Ningi LGA, as well as surrounding villages. This development that has made existence difficult for the residents. Malam Mudi a resident of Gadan Maiwa who spoke to Tribune Online on phone said that the situation is becoming very dangerous as the water is increasing in volume. This, he said, is making the residents to live in perpetual fear. He called on the state government to immediately come to their aid before the situation gets out of hand, saying that as of Monday afternoon when he spoke no life has been lost. However, people’s survival was under threat, he said. In Tsangaya Village, the bridge that links it with other places has been washed away, thereby making commuting very difficult as passengers are now been ferried across in order to continue their journeys. This has created untold hardship for the people. As of the time of filing this report, no official reaction has been made by the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) while efforts to get any of the officials to comment proved abortive.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE