Britain’s Government debt on Friday soared to a record 2 trillion pounds (or 2.62 trillion dollars), surpassing the country’s annual GDP for the first time since 1961, officials said. Britain’s monthly public sector net borrowing rose over the four months to the end of July as the government increased public spending in response to the coronavirus crisis. While tax revenues fell amid social distancing restrictions on businesses and individuals. According to the Office for National Statistics, the coronavirus pandemic continues to have a significant impact on the UK public sector finances. “These effects arise from both the introduction of public health measures and from new government policies to support businesses and individuals,” it said. It said government debt was 228 billion pounds higher than at the end of July in 2019, rising to 100.5 per cent of annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Consultants Capital Economics, Andrew Wishart, said the government had allowed a “massive increase” in its debt in the four months to July. “But extremely low borrowing costs will allow the government to support the next stage of the recovery too,” Wishart said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…Britain’s debt profile Britain’s debt profile MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…Britain’s debt profile Britain’s debt profile 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…Britain’s debt profile Britain’s debt profile LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN