With the launch of Russian Standard Vodka in Nigeria, Next International Brands Limited appears to be building on its reputation as the leading entertainment brand as lovers of entertainment were treated to a party treat with industry stars such as DJ Kaywise and Uti headlining the virtual event. The event aired on Instagram and Facebook had over 5,000 viewers that connected to the live event. Uti Nwachukwu and Linda Osifo, among other celebrities graced the launch of the new brand. The managing director of Next International Brands Limited, Wale Dosunmu, said that the new brand is the world’s number one premium vodka with its uniqueness and unrivalled liquid. “We are delighted to bring the product to Nigeria as a leading country in entertainment industry. Russian Standard Vodka is warily crafted with water of glacial origin from Lake Ladoga and winter wheat from the Russian Steppes and is distilled over 200 times in a state-of-the-art distillery in St Petersburg. The result is a unique unrivaled liquid that is ultra-clean, smooth and delicious. “We are therefore, bringing rich vodka making traditions to Nigeria. This is why we are partnering this iconic vodka with iconic personalities such as Uti Nwachukwu, Linda Osifo and DJ Kaywise and we are delighted that they emphasised the superior quality of the brand,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …