Bauchi Field Office of UNICEF has reiterated its commitment to improving the health status of the populace through effective collaboration and teamwork. The assurance was given by the Chief of Bauchi UNICEF Field Office, Bhanu Pathak, while commissioning and handing over two PHCs constructed and equipped by EU-UNICEF collaboration at Tudun Wada and Ganji villages in Warji LGA of Bauchi on Thursday. With the handing over of the facilities, Residents of Tudun Wada and Ganji, two of the hard-to-reach {HTR) communities in Warji LGA of Bauchi State can now heave a sigh of relief as they have easy access to quality health care services. The facilities were, on Thursday, commissioned and handed over to the communities through the Bauchi State Primary Health Care Development Agency (BASPHCDA) and Warji LGA which is to ensure that the PHC served the purpose for which it was established in the first place. While commissioning and handing over the facilities at Tudun Wada and Ganji villages, UNICEF, Bauchi Chief of Field Office, Bhanu Pathak said that the projects were conceived by the need to ensure that healthcare delivery was brought down to the doorsteps of the people particularly those in the rural areas that are hard to reach. ALSO READ: D’banj hails FG’s Agro-Rangers initiative as NSCDC honours him Bhanu Pathak said that the facilities in Tudun Wada and Ganji were one the several others embarked upon by the EU-UNICEF collaboration as well as equipping of others across the state in the resolve to making healthcare easily accessible to the communities. The UNICEF, Bauchi Chief of Field Office then appealed to the state government to effectively manage the facilities very well because according to him, the Tudun Wada PHC is one of the Centers of Excellence in the state. While receiving the facilities on behalf of the state government, Executive Chairman of Bauchi State Primary Health Care Development Agency (BASPHCDA), Dr Rilwanu Mohammed commended the EU-UNICEF collaboration for complementing the efforts of the state government in improving the health sector He enumerated the various interventions by UNICEF and other donor agencies for the good of the state saying that without such, the government alone cannot do it calling for more of such collaboration. Rilwanu Mohammed further said that UNICEF has been in the forefront of supporting the government stressing that the intervention has really improved on the health sector. He then sounded a note of warning to the officials of Warji LGA to take care of the facilities for effective service delivery saying that, “we will hold you responsible for damage to the facility as well as the loss of any of the equipment installed.” In his remarks, Head of Admin, Warji LGA, Abubakar Ibrahim Mohammed, described the development as a good move that will ensure that healthcare delivery was brought close to the grassroots dwellers. Represented by the Director, Health of the Council, Habila Wakasso, the Head of Admin assured that the Council will ensure that the facilities were put to effective use as well as maintain it on a regular basis so that the aim of its establishment will not be defeated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’
IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… EU-UNICEF reiterates commitment Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor
President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… EU-UNICEF reiterates commitment LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN