ON April 18, 2018, the Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE), in the presence of the National Council for Privatisation (NCP), Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), and the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC), announced the Sifax Group led consortium, Ocean and Cargo Terminal Services Limited as the winner of the bid process for the concession of the Terminal B, Warri Old Port. However, more than two years after the concession bid process was concluded, no shipping activity has been reported at the Terminal B of the Warri Old port, findings by the Nigerian Tribune have revealed. When the Nigerian Tribune visited the Terminal B of the Warri Old port, findings revealed that an administrative block has been put in place. Also a new empty warehouse has been constructed, standing side-by-side with a tattered and very old warehouse. Also, a few lower cadre workers including a security man were seen around the firm’s terminal carrying out some menial jobs. A reliable source, who spoke to the Nigerian Tribune explained that since the concession of Terminal B, Warri Old Port in 2018, not a single cargo ship had berthed at the terminal. When contacted, spokesman for Sifax Group, Mr. Muyiwa Akande, told the Nigerian Tribune that although the BPE announced Ocean and Cargo Terminal Services as the preferred winner of a tightly contested bid process in April of 2018, the facility was not handed over until February of 2019. In the words of the Sifax Group spokesman, “The terminal was officially handed over to SIFAX Group led consortium in February 2019 by the NPA and the BPE that midwifed the concession arrangement. “The terminal had been abandoned for over 10 years and you can imagine the state of infrastructure decay after such long abandonment. “Since taking possession, we have been working with our partners to put it in proper shape. Construction work is going according to schedule. The warehouse is completed. The terminal building that will house the offices and Customs officials are ready. The IT infrastructure is ready. “Some cargo handling equipment has been acquired and is on site. What is left is just the finishing touches. Very soon, operations will commence at the terminal.” Recall that during a visit of the leadership of the House of Representatives Committee on Maritime Services last year, a representative of Ocean and Cargo Terminal Services Limited, Mr. Tunji Olusinde, assured the lawmakers that shipping activities would begin in January 2020 at the terminal.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.