The National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) has said that the planned strike by Petroleum Tanker Drivers in Lagos would start on Monday as its meeting with Lagos State Government ended in a deadlock. The South-West Chairman of NUPENG, Mr Tayo Aboyeji, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of  Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Sunday. Aboyeji said the issues which forced the drivers to initiate an indefinite strike was not addressed during the four-hour meeting with officials of Lagos State Government on Sunday. “They only promised to get back to us after we have told them what we want to avert the strike. “Now, our standstill remains that they should address the issues of extortion and harassment of our members by security agents. “Security agents and hoodlums are extorting our members and officials of the Lagos State Traffic Management use tasers on our drivers and this can kill. ALSO READ: Banditry/terrorism: N’East govs advocate use of heavy artillery by police “Since they are not ready to address these issues, we will start the strike on Monday morning until they are able to resolve them. “It is unfortunate that the strike might affect all other states in the federation because most of them load their petroleum products in Lagos depots. “We are not happy to disrupt fuel supply because we know the effect but we cannot continue to cope with the problems,” he said. Aboyeji said that members of PTD were now accusing NUPENG of taking side with security agents to molest and assault drivers on Lagos roads. NAN reports that the National President of the NUPENG, Mr Williams Akporeha, had in a statement on Friday directed tanker drivers to begin the withdrawal of their services as from 12 midnight on Monday. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.