For the first time in the history of the country, inter-faith leaders met in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, to initiate a discourse on awareness and consultation on Lethal Autonomous Weapon System (LAWS) in preparation to further taking the Stop Killer Robots campaign to relevant authorities within the country. The discourse which held at the Institute of Church and Society, Samonda, was organised by the Christian Council of Nigeria and the World Council of Churches and it drew participants from all religious groups as well as civil society organisations and the media. In his opening remarks, Very Rev. Evans Onyemara of the Christian Council of Nigeria said it is heartwarming to be a part of the novel process of enlightening people in this part of the world about issues that have to do with killer robots, describing the use of such as inhumane and unethical. According to him, the world is suffering from the effect of what some people projected somewhere and there is a need for inter-faith collaboration in sensitising the people on why they should lend their voice to the campaign to stop the unnecessary suffering that people go through for what happened in other continents of the world. He added that there is a need to catch children now that they are young and open their minds to the hazards associated with the use of lethal weapons because they do not understand the negative effects they have on humanity and are already interested in robots through the cartoons they watch. Speaking on the topic, ‘Introduction to Lethal Autonomous Weapon System (LAWS) and the Human Rights Implications of Killer Robots’, the director of Institute of Church and Society, Very Rev Kolade Fadahunsi, stated that while most uses of artificial intelligence are peaceful, it could also be used for harm if it is applied to developing Lethal Autonomous Weapon System, adding that a key feature of artificial intelligence is its ability to do complex tasks in new ways that are less expensive, faster and on a large scale. According to him, while artificial intelligence is helpful for accelerating development goals such as improving healthcare, eliminating poverty and educating children, it could, in contrast, be used to develop lethal autonomous weapons that could result in great harm to humanity by introducing fundamentally new and dire risks that are different from other conventional weapons. He explained that there are security risks associated with this which include more wars and less diplomacy as lethal autonomous weapons will reduce the barrier for entry into the war as countries won’t have to send many troops, adding that it also gives rise to the harm an individual can do to millions of people without provocation through the use of weapons of mass destruction. Very Rev Fadahunsi added that another risk is the fact that it is virtually impossible to develop ways to reliably defend against lethal autonomous weapons, and that compared to weapons controlled by humans, lethal autonomous weapons could be hacked and turned against the authority using it on innocent civilians as well as aid terrorism. He further explained that there are human rights risks associated with the use, adding that it is inhumane, unethical and a violation of human rights for a machine to kill a person without a human taking the final decision. According to him, there is an absence of morality and there is bias as it can selectively target groups; gender, ethnic, age, religion etc without reason. At the end of the discussion, participants agreed that there is a need for more sensitisation, especially in religious centres, schools and the grassroots. They urged more civil society organisations to leave the common, grant-friendly causes and consider those that have to do with the welfare of humanity among other suggestions. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed … FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states… Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in… FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset… UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed …inter-faith leaders FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states…inter-faith leaders Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in…inter-faith leaders FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset…inter-faith leaders UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting…inter-faith leaders Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE