Former Minority Leader and Senator representing Ekiti South Senatorial District at the Senate, Mrs Biodun Olujimi, has bemoaned how Nigerians were being trafficked abroad for prostitution, slavery and for other nefarious crimes, calling on the federal government to devise ways of saving the country from this global ignominy. Olujimi said thousands of Nigerians are still trapped in Europe, Asia and other continents despite the efforts of the federal government through its agencies like; National Agency for Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) and the Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM). Addressing newsmen in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti state capital on Sunday, the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) senator said, ” Our youth especially female, are still being lured by false and unrealistic promises to make the dangerous journeys to Europe, North Africa and the Middle East, where they are subjected to gender-based violence and other forms of inhumane treatment. “Many of our unemployed youth leave Nigeria and risk their lives to seek greener pastures in these countries, but most end up in exploitative and slavish situations.” ALSO READ: Rotation can end after South gets power in 2023 ― Arewa youths The Federal lawmaker added that the UN has highlighted the importance of anti-trafficking exploits of government and the need to seek justice for victims of these crimes to reduce the perpetration of the horrendous act. “We are aware that Nigeria is routinely listed as one of the countries with the largest number of trafficking victims especially to Europe through Libya and the Mediterranean with many of our young ones especially women have been identified in over 30 countries in one official report, while many lost their lives during the crossing of sea and desert,” she said. She commended NAPTIP and NiDCOM commitments to stopping the scourge, calling for vigilance and strict regulation for the granting of licences for international recruitments. Olujimi added that some of the agencies masquerading as travel agencies for overseas job seekers are receptive and do not mean well for those they recruit, especially the female folks. The lawmaker, who is currently working on the Gender and Equal Opportunities Bill in the National Assembly to provide protection for girls and women added: “We are looking forward to a more holistic methodology to be adopted through co-operation between the different agencies, that is, a multi-agency strategy, so that every aspect of the problem can be tackled simultaneously.” According to Senator Olujimi deepening awareness within our communities, including remote villages where millions of the vulnerable reside, about the unscrupulous activities of traffickers, would also go a long way to cutting off all the supply lines and reduce the victims.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom? After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense! MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE