Anambra State President of the Igbo Social-Cultural Organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Demian Ogene-Okeke, has congratulated the former Minister of Agriculture and President of African Development Bank (AfDB), Dr Akinwumi Adesina, on his re-election. He also congratulates the Africa leaders who massively voted him back. Ogene-Okeke, in a telephone interview with Tribune Online in Awka, on Friday, said the re-election was based on competences and diligence, Dr Adesina has shown in uplifting and promoting the bank’s operations since 2015 when he was first elected as president of the bank. While commending the efforts of Adesina so far, in providing technical assistance for development projects and programs not only in Nigeria but the entire Africa continent, he urged him to concentrates more on the poorest countries in the continent. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Ohanaeze congratulates Adesina Ohanaeze congratulates Adesina Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Ohanaeze congratulates Adesina Ohanaeze congratulates Adesina Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Ohanaeze congratulates Adesina Ohanaeze congratulates Adesina