THE Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, has inaugurated the ultramodern library of the Ilorin Juma’at Central Mosque, Ilorin, Kwara State. The library comprises conventional and e-library sections. Speaking at a brief ceremony, conducted in compliance with COVID-19 protocols, Sulu-Gambari expressed delight over the building of the library within the central mosque complex. The Emir, who noted that the library would aid acquisition of knowledge, urged the people of Ilorin Emirate to put the facility into good use. “We are proud of this mosque because it is a world-class mosque. There is no mosque in Africa that is greater than this one, being the first to have a women’s wing. “We thank Allah for blessing us with this ultramodern mosque which has become a rallying point for the people of Ilorin. It enhances our unity. It, therefore, gives me great joy to inaugurate this ultramodern library,” Alhaji Sulu-Gambari said. The Emir, however, urged the people of the Ilorin Emirate to always make donations towards the maintenance of the mosque. The chairman of the mosque’s central working committee, Alhaji Shehu AbdulGafar, described the library as an integral part of the mosque. According to him, the library is a hybrid reference library as it contains high-grade materials from print and electronic sources. “The library currently contains 5,096 volumes of books, five periodicals, 736 volumes of law reports and 1,308 volumes of books purchased and 3,888 volumes of books donated,” he noted. AbdulGafar disclosed that the library is open to Islamic scholars and students of tertiary institutions upon registration for membership. He expressed appreciation to those who have donated books and equipment to the library. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions…Emir inaugurates mosque library Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari…Emir inaugurates mosque library Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report…Emir inaugurates mosque library China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by…Emir inaugurates mosque library Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.