Ahead of the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State, the Director-General of Olusola Oke Campaign Organization in the just concluded governorship primary of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Mr Olarenwaju Kazeem, has dumped the party for the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP). Kareem, one of the aspirants from the camp of the Unity Forum of the APC who stepped down after the emergence of Oke as the choice of the group, was picked as the DG of Oke before the party primaries in June. Kareem who said he was joining the ZLP fold with his teeming supporters across the 18 local government area of the state said he decided to dump APC because the party is divided against itself in the state. Speaking in his country home in Ikare Akoko in Akoko North-East local government area of the state said the party in the state has deviated from the party’s principles. ALSO READ: Police killed two during processions in Zaria, Kaduna, Shiites allege Kazeem said the APC government since inception in the state has embarked on anti people’s policies and the party has subjected the masses to abject poverty. He appealed to his supporters to join him in the Zenith Labour Party, noting that there was a need to change and take it back from the nepotistic administration of APC He called on the people of the state not to vote for the reelection of the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu and the APC. He urges the people of the state to vote wisely in the coming election, saying that the embattled deputy governor of the state, Agboola Ajayi is the only alternative and solution to the bad and dysfunctional government of Akeredolu government in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …