The Agro Rangers Squad of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Oyo State Command, has arrested eight suspected kidnappers in Iseyin area of the state. According to the NSCDC Public Relations Officer (PRO), Oduwole Olusegun, in a statement made available to newsmen, the suspects had been terrorising residents of Ado Awaye, Araromi LCDA, Okaka and Otu communities in Itesiwsju Local Government Area and Ilero in Iwa Local Council Development Authority. Among those arrested were two female members of the kidnapping syndicate. The arrest was made possible after a member of the public made a distress call to the Agro Rangers in Oke Ogun axis at about 11:15 p.m. last Thursday that some suspected kidnappers had been spotted at a hotel at Oke Adeta in Iseyin. The PRO quoted the state commandant of NSCDC, Mr Iskiku Akinsanya, as saying that in the course of investigation, operatives of the command trailed one of the suspects, Umaru Lawal, to a hideout. Lawal (25) allegedly said the telephone number used in tracking him down belonged to his friend. Akinsanya said, “Interrogation revealed that some numbers were stored on his phone with different codes such as 52,42,33, among others and it was through this that the command arrested the remaining members of the syndicate.” Items recovered from the suspects include a Boxer motorcycle with registration number, BDJ 580 UL, another Boxer motorcycle registration number, EGB 628 UF; four Tecno phones, one QUP phone, two Itel phones and N32,510. He said the suspects would be handed over to the Anti-Kidnapping Squad of the Oyo State police command for further investigation and prosecution.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis…