Bauchi Government has executed N130 million worth of projects in the state-owned College of Nursing and Midwifery to enhance training and retraining of medical personnel. Malam Mukhtar Gidado, the Senior Special Assistant on Media to Gov. Bala Mohammed, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Bauchi on Tuesday. He said N54.1 million was expended on the construction of Nursing students’ common room, access roads, installation of two overhead tanks and general landscaping of the school’s premises. He added that N76.7 million was spent on general renovation of nursing students’ hostels, a college library, VIP toilets and science laboratory, saying that all the projects had since been completed. ALSO READ: Civil servant, 37, docked over alleged reckless driving According to him, numerous projects have been executed across all existing educational institutions with a view to creating a befitting teaching and learning environment. Gidado explained that the state government was committed to providing conducive schools’ environment to the Nursing students. He noted that the execution of such projects would further encourage and motivate teachers to improve their performance by promoting academic excellence and create room for favourable competition among schools. NAN reports that the Bauchi Government recently established a special Referral laboratory for detection and treatment of Coronavirus (COVID-19), Lassa fever and Yellow fever. (NAN). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.