The Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, has urged the newly-inaugurated Federal Housing Authority (FHA), Management to complete about 760 housing units under Federal Housing Project in Zuba, Abuja, which is inherited. Fashola said this at the inauguration of the newly-appointed Executive Management Team of the FHA on Thursday in Abuja. According to him, President Muhammadu Buhari has given all the budgetary support that will see to the completion. The executives are Sen. Olugbenga Ashafa, Managing Director, Mr Abdulmumuni Jubrin, Executive Director, Business Development and Mr Moris Okpong, Head Finance. He said Ashafa and his colleagues had all the requisite skills to deal with all of the challenges in the sector since they had served in many capacities that related to lands and housing. He also called on them to ensure the maintenance of the existing structures which provided opportunities for job creation, especially for artisans. “Maintenance of existing assets and buildings is a very important policy of this government now; we see it as an opportunity for empowering people at the bottom of the pyramid through continuous strategic maintenance. ALSO READ: Power probe: CBN keeps mum over $11bn intervention withdrawn from Excess Crude Account “So that all your existing estates must now be subject to this programme already approved by the Federal Executive Council. “That is where we can impact some of the most vulnerable people, some of the 100 million people, that the president has challenged us to lift out of poverty.’’ Fashola also urged the team to take responsibility and be subject to parliamentary oversight noting that the ministry would not interfere with the operations of the agency but would intervene whenever they veered off course.
He added that all financial procurement must be as approved by the board of FHA. Sen. Sam Egwu, Chairman, Senate Committee on Housing, in his address noted that although the challenge of housing deficit in the country was alarming, he was happy with the team in charge of the sector. He said the team led by a minister that was focused would resolve the challenges being faced by the sector in providing affordable houses to the people. Egwu pledged that the committee would collaborate with the ministry and other parastatal agencies in solving the housing needs in the country. Sen. Ashafa, the new Managing Director, FHA, appreciated the trust that the president reposed in him and his colleagues.
The MD stated that he had watched with great interest in the initiatives and innovations that the Minister had continually brought to bear on the housing development across the country. “It is in support of this new direction that my colleagues and I hereby pledge our unalloyed support and commitment to the PMB-led administration’s vision of providing affordable and accessible housing for Nigerians. “As we assume our appointments, we look forward to a harmonious working relationship with the board, management and staff members of the Federal Housing Authority as well as all the relevant stakeholders,’’ Ashafa said. NAN  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel
SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed … FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation
THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states… Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation
The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in… FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers
THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset… UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC
With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting… Audit Query: NPA Recovers $89 Million, N2.404 Billion Outstanding Rental Debts
Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA) on Wednesday disclosed that it has recovered whooping sums of $89 million and N2.404 billion outstanding debt owed by some corporate organisations. Managing Director, NPA, Hadiza Bala Usman disclosed this during the investigative hearing held at the instance of the House Committee on Public Accounts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE