President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday reminded the military of their sacred duty to protect Nigerians irrespective of ethnic or religious backgrounds. Buhari spoke at the Passing Out Parade of 114 medics of the Nigerian Air Force Short Service Course 29, in Kaduna. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 114 cadets included medical doctors, pharmacists, nurses, veterinary doctors, dentists and radiologists, among others, who underwent six months training at the Military Training Centre (MTC) Kaduna. “Let me remind you that we are in a democratic government where you are subjected to both military and civil laws. “Hence, you must subordinate yourself to civil authority and protect our growing democracy. “You should be vigilant, guard your utterances, and conduct at all times. “You must also not allow yourself to be used by some elements in the society to compromise national security or act in ways capable of denting the image of the Armed Forces. “Your duty is to protect all Nigerians irrespective of their ethnic background or religious inclination. “Your loyalty must therefore never be in doubt at any point in time as an officer,” the Commander-in-Chief stressed. President Muhammadu Buhari who was the reviewing officer at the passing out parade, charged the officers to be ready to consolidate the recent and rapid expansion of medical facilities put in place by the current leadership of the NAF. “You have every reason to feel proud and fulfilled for what you have achieved. It is important to remind you that this is the beginning of yet another challenging but rewarding career as young officers in the Nigerian Air Force.” He added: “I expect that you will do your best to further enhance NAF’s efforts towards boosting qualitative healthcare for personnel, their dependants and among residents of NAF host communities including sustaining medical outreaches for civilians and victims of insurgency and banditry. “I am confident that you will be able to cope with the demanding tasks ahead, given the quality of training that you have received. “This pragmatic approach to promote civil military relations will go a long way in winning the hearts and minds of the communities, thus assisting in timely containment of insurgency, banditry and other security challenges. “I understand that all the cadets graduating today are well-trained medical consultants, nurses and support staff diligently selected for the six months basic military training, which is culminating into you being commissioned into the Nigerian Air Force. “The military profession requires absolute discipline, loyalty and hard work among other virtues.” The President, who was represented by Chief of Defence Staff, General Abayomi Olunisakin, stressed that as medical professionals, their services would be required to save lives as the military battle insurgency and other security challenges. “Such noble service demands exceptional courage, commitment and patriotism and Nigeria will continue to demand such qualities from you.” Buhari assured Nigerians that the government was doing so much to confront the security challenges bedevilling the country by taking necessary measures to safeguard lives and properties and to drastically cut off all forms of criminalities. “I gladly inform you and indeed all Nigerians that the Nigerian Air Force is consistently supporting these government efforts.” He, therefore, urged them to positively deploy the training that has been inculcated in them to defend Nigeria’s territorial integrity and interest. The President commended the Chief of the Air Staff for his robust capacity initiatives responsible for a disciplined, highly professional and timely deployable air force. Buhari also congratulated the graduating cadets for withstanding the rigours of the training. “I celebrate with you and your families, friends and loved ones on this day,” the president said. NAN report that awards were given to cadets who distinguished themselves during course. After the passing out parade, the cadets were formally commissioned to their various ranks by the reviewing officer. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.