The Executive Secretary of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Tony Ojukwu has expressed concern over the spate of maltreatments meted out to minors and other categories of vulnerable persons by some members of the society, including their relations who are supposed protect and offer them care and support. The Executive Secretary, while expressing the concern of the Commission in Abuja over the alleged “cruel inhuman and degrading treatment unleashed on a motherless boy, Jibril by his father in Badariya community in Birnin Kebbi, Kebbi State”, said the act is highly condemnable in all ramifications. He said the victim was allegedly tied to a stake by his father in his compound, fed by goat dung by his three wives for two years on the premise that the child had a mental problem: an excuse the Commission dismissed as being untenable and baseless. ALSO READ: Audit query: NPA recovers $89 million, N2.404 billion outstanding rental debts Ojukwu said the NHRC Coordinator in the state, Barr. Hamza Wala responded promptly having received a report from neighbours about the inhuman treatment meted out to the child. The minor according to Ojukwu is now in safe hands as he is presently receiving medical attention while the alleged violator and his wives are being currently investigated for further prosecution by Kebbi State Police Command. The matter has also attracted the attention of Kebbi state government. The human rights Boss recalled an incident where a father in Okigwe, Imo state chained his children, hit them with a hammer and used salt and pepper to rub on their bleeding wounds. “The prompt intervention of the Commission at that time paid-off because relevant government agencies including the Police got involved in addressing the matter” and added that torture and other cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment contravene relevant sections of the Nigerian Constitution, Child’s Rights Act 2003 as well as other relevant regional and international treaties to which Nigeria is a signatory. The visibly angry Ojukwu, according to a statement Assistant Director Corporate Affairs and External Linkages Department, NHRC, Fatima Agwai Mohammed said such cases cannot be swept under the carpet given the grave human rights challenges they pose not only to the victims but to the society at large. The Commission called on parents, guardians and other categories of CareGivers to mainstream human rights norms and principles while taking care of their children, wards or persons under their care. He called on states who have not domesticated the Child’s Rights Act to do so in order to protect and save the Nigerian child from such horror.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE