As part of its strategic development plan and in consonance with its community development ethos the Federal University of Technology, Akure, FUTA has jumpstarted a 3000 capacity breeder’s pen. At the foundation laying ceremony of the pen situated close to the University hatchery, the Vice Chancellor, Professor Joseph Fuwape, said the major aim of the breeders’ farm is to boost the capacity of the university in teaching and research and to also meet the growing daily needs of Day Old Chicks (DOC) in Ondo and neighboring states. He said the pen would boost FUTA’s capacity in research and training of students and interested farmers in the production and health of chickens and egg, an integral part of the curriculum of Animal Production and Health, a course of study in the University’s School of Agriculture and Agricultural Technology, SAAT. According to Professor Fuwape, livestock business, especially rearing chicken is a time bound venture that does not necessarily need bureaucracy and protocol. He called on the University’s Business Development Company to effectively run and manage the pen on completion so as to encourage investors, and sustain business relationship with them. He added that SAAT will use the pen to build capacity and knowledge in stakeholders and students when it eventually takes off in a matter of months. He said students and lecturers will also use the farm for learning and research purposes. Speaking earlier, the Dean, SAAT, Professor Taiwo Amos said the project is a fall out of request from investors within and around Akure and the determination to improve on teaching and research facilities in the School. He said the project is in phases with phase one targeted to produce about 2,000 eggs per day and 10,000 per week. He assured early completion having gotten financial approval from the management. In a brief remark, Director, FUTA STEP-B project, Professor Nathaniel Fagbemi described the project as a welcome one saying it would boost the University’s research capacity and also deepen its contributions to the country’s drive for food security. The Deputy Vice Chancellor, Development, Professor Philip Oguntunde said the project will be executed through direct labor to minimize cost and called on BDC to properly manage the place which he described as “purely  business and research venture.” The Director of BDC, Professor Jonathan Onyekwelu promised the university management that the place will be properly managed. He said BDC had earlier indicated its interest to partner SAAT on the project so as to meet the DOC needs of Ondo, Edo and other neighboring states and contribute to the enhancement of the University’s research capability.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN