President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis. This was announced Friday night in a terse press statement signed by the spokesman of the Federal Ministry of Education, Ben Goong. Babalakin’s Governing Council had, on August 12, sacked Ogundipe as vice-chancellor over alleged financial misappropriation and misconduct. Ogundipe, however, rejected the council’s decision, saying the University’s due process had not been followed. Earlier, Ogundipe had discontinued a suit challenging his removal as Vice-Chancellor of the university. Ogundipe’s decision followed his deference to the authority of President Muhammadu Buhari as the varsity’s Visitor, according to a statement by a member of his legal team, Mr Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa (SAN). In the statement, Ogundipe stated that the National Industrial Court, which he earlier approached, had neither sat nor conducted any proceedings in respect of the case. Ogundipe was, last Wednesday, removed as vice chancellor of UNILAG by the institution’s council, chaired by Mr. Wale Babalakin (SAN). The statement said: “Contrary to the falsehood being peddled by mischief makers, the National Industrial Court has never sat or conduct any proceedings in respect of the court case filed by the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos, Professor Oluwole Ogundipe. “No court proceedings ever took place at all and so no decision or ruling has been rendered by the court. “Indeed, upon detailed consultation with all stakeholders and his supporters in and outside the University, Professor Ogundipe directed his lawyer’s to file a notice of discontinuance of the suit and this has been done on August 21, 2020.” “This is to defer to the authority of the President as the Visitor of the university as Professor Ogundipe has enough time to challenge his purported removal. “This falsehood is being spread to malign the court and blackmail the judiciary by enemies of the rule of law and due process. “The general public is therefore advised to discountenance these mindless fabrications as the handiwork of those who are afraid of subjecting their illegal acts to the true test of probity and to be wary of fake news being peddled in place of truth, especially as they relate to deliberate manipulation of court proceedings.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…UNILAG pro-chancellor UNILAG pro-chancellor MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…UNILAG pro-chancellor UNILAG pro-chancellor 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…UNILAG pro-chancellor UNILAG pro-chancellor   LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN