Some academics in Ekiti State have decried a clause in the call for application for the vacant vice-chancellor (VC) position in Federal University, Oye Ekiti (FUOYE) and said the instruction was “a dangerous new trend being introduced into the selection of vice-chancellors for Nigerian universities.” The academics, who coalesced under the name “Concerned Citizens and Friends of Academia in Nigeria” particularly frowned on an infraction which stipulates that candidates, apart from being of the rank of Professor with a minimum of eight years experience at the time of application, should also be from a federal university. In a statement by Dr Ayokunle Joshua, the group said the preference for professors from only federal universities was a ploy to deny qualified, competent candidates an opportunity to aspire to the position. Joshua said: “It was categorically stated that the candidate is expected to “be a highly distinguished scholar of the rank of Professor with a minimum of eight (8) years’ experience at the time of this application, preferably from a Federal University and must demonstrate the ability to provide academic and administrative leadership for the fast-growing institution. “The injection of the clause ‘preferably from a Federal University’ into the advertisement of the vacant VC position is suspect and may be used to screen out many eligible candidates during the short-listing exercise.” The group decried the clause, claiming that it was a ploy the Management of FUOYE to arm-twist the newly constituted Council to take “steps to exclude the majority of highly distinguished scholars who may wish to apply for the just-advertised position of Vice-Chancellor of FUOYE.” According to the concerned academics, the best practise in such advertisement worldwide “is a request that applicants should come from recognised universities.” To them, “this selective advertisement tend to exclude the best minds and hands from home and abroad, including Ekitis working in state and private universities in Nigeria and also those working in foreign universities.” Joshua said the clause was discriminatory and “has no history in the selection of Vice-Chancellor in Nigeria and it should not be allowed to stand,” and therefore called “on the appropriate authorities in the Federal Ministry of Education to nip in the bud this surreptitious decoy that would definitely lead to the collapse of a meritorious selection of Vice-Chancellors of Nigerian Universities as the effect would be contagious if allowed to pass in FUOYE. “We equally call on the academia the world over to rise and fight this discriminatory selection of Vice-Chancellor for the vacant position in FUOYE.” Reacting to the development, Deputy Director, Corporate Services of FUOYE, Mr. Adeyinka Ademuyiwa, said the protesters should properly identify themselves and tell if they are applicants or just troublemakers “because the university will not respond to people who are throwing stones from the shadows.” Ademuyiwa said: “We encourage them to come out in the open if they have any genuine case. If you are coming to equity, you must come with clean hands. Before we can accord such claims any serious look in, those people must properly be identified, otherwise, we see nothing to their claims. They should know that in cases as this, there are possibles and probables while among the rest are not wanted except if something extraordinary happened.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN