The Northern Governors Forum has joined family, friends, associates, and the entire nation in felicitating his Eminence, the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III, on his 64th birthday. In a statement, Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Plateau State, Simon Bako Lalong, said this special day brings along recollections of the great achievements of the Sultan over the years particularly in promoting peace, unity and development of Nigeria. He said: “You have remained a great advocate of good governance, peaceful coexistence and accountable leadership which explains your consistent support and wise counsel particularly to Governors of the Northern region and the country at large. We are proud of your advocacy and support towards tackling the challenges of the region as you remain a source of inspiration to the Northern Governors Forum.” Lalong said the Forum has drawn a lot of support from the royal father in areas addressing insecurity, poverty, illiteracy as well as ending the Almajiri phenomenon which had defied various attempts to end it, until recently when Governors of the region took bold steps to return almajiris to their families and also take care of their education and welfare. The Forum while praying God grant to grant the royal father good health, more wisdom and divine protection, urged him not to be deterred in availing the nation his wealth of experience and fatherly advice on critical issues that border on the well being of the people. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… Northern Governors greet Sultan MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Northern Governors greet Sultan