The last few weeks have revealed the soul butchery and crimination of the agency’s treasury through the much talked about the Niger Delta Development Commission. The grandiose enrichment of a few has revealed a mind-boggling moral and financial depravity. When the NDDC was established on June 5 2000 by the President Olusegun Obasanjo administration, it was done to ameliorate the agitation of the Niger Delta but this great and commendable bid has failed. This has left the agency as the only commission unaccountable in its operations so far. Thus, the Niger Delta is one of the most disadvantaged regions in Nigeria in terms of human infrastructural and material development. This is a region which is the breadwinner as it provides 80 to 90 per cent of Nigeria’s revenue. It must be mentioned that busting the thieving elite who appropriate and expropriate resources meant for people of the region should not be taken for granted. The amount of money gulped by the NDDC this year and which has been under investigation by the National Assembly is a case in question. The whole sordid show and drama from the story so far reveals how the NDDC has inflicted grinding poverty on the Niger-Delta these years past. President Muhammadu Buhari must stand tall on this decision. He must take a decision that must not impede the people’s perspectives against his anti-graft drive so far. The world is watching. Rotimi O. Kuye Obafemi, Ogun State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions…Travails of NDDC Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari…Travails of NDDC Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report…Travails of NDDC China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by…Travails of NDDC Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.