Implementation of the Nigerian Gas Transportation Network Code (NGTNC) will help deepen the domestic gas market, the Minister of State for Petroleum, Timipre Sylva on Monday, said. He said the code, together with related interventions will enable the improved gas supply to power, growth of Gas Based Industries, domestic LNG, investment opportunities among other benefits. The Minister who stated this at the NGTNC Go-live event in Abuja said the Network Code has launched six months ago in view of the Federal Government’s effort at ensuring sustainable reforms in the sector. According to him, the Department for Petroleum Resources (DPR) was also mandated to ensure full operations of the code within a period of six months. He stressed that the aggregate impact of the FG’s three-anchor programme on gas-Nigerian Gas Transportation Network Code (NGTNC), National Gas Expansion Programme (NGEP), Nigeria Gas Flare Commercialisation Programme (NGFCP) will help achieve economic diversification. ALSO READ: Survivor gives details of how greed by boat operators made 16 people to drown in Badagry waterways “Specifically, it is my firm belief that the implementation of the Network code, which Is a set of rules and principles guiding the use and operation of the Gas Transportation Network System will deepen the domestic gas market and unleash the potentials of accelerated growth and economic development for our dear country,” he said. To this end, he said the DPR has developed the Network Code Electronic Licensing and Administration System(NCELAS) which will be used to receive, process, and issue all applicable licenses to all network players On his part, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Group Managing Director (GMD) Mele Kyari stressed that the Corporation is at the centre of delivering gas to the domestic & export markets “We see the NetworkCode as an opportunity to widen the utilization of gas and ensuring that FG’s objective of making gas a major source of income and development comes to reality “I assure you that this is the beginning of progress for our industry because not having a structure to transport gas from source to the end-user will amount to waste of time. Nigeria Gas Transportation surely marks the beginning of that opportunity,” he said. He noted that some of its financing structures are hinged on gas transportation tariff adding that:” We cannot get that right until there’s the right framework which the NetworkCode provides.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… The 9Cs Of Success Success is the dream of everyone but the reality of a few. While it is possible for everyone to be successful, it is only those who are willing to put into practise the principles that engender success that prime themselves for success. Here are some of the success-enabling principles, all of which start with… FACT CHECK: Did Buruji Kashamu Die On Same Date With His Mother? CLAIM: A viral photo which was circulated on social media claim that late Senator Buruji Kashamu died on August 8 just like his mother who died in 2019… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.