FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his comments on insecurity, Dr Mailafia was invited last week by the Office of the DIG of Police for criminal investigations on Monday. Addressing newsmen on Monday, the legal team of Dr Mailafia, led by Yakubu Bawa, who said his client would not  honour the invitation, stressed the fact that the case the Nigeria Police was investigating where the name of Mailafia  puportedly featured prominently cannot be unconnected and unrelated to the case the DSS was instituting against him,  which borders on insecurity. “It is sacrosanct to note that the DSS is the only statutory body empowered by law to investigate alleged crime against  internal security, not the Nigeria Police. Section 3(a) of the Security Agency Act eloquently stipulated this position. In  consonance with the said provision, the DSS had commenced investigation into the matter. For the purpose of clarity  and emphasis, the DSS is still investigating Dr Mailafia in respect of the said matter,” he said. Bawa pointed out that the legal team had meticulously analysed the letter of invitation served on him as well as  the  intention of the Nigeria Police as clearly stated in the letter of invitation. According to him, it was upon this that the  legal team approached the Plateau State High Court and filed an action for the enforcement of Dr Mailafia’s  undamental human rights to personal liberty and fair hearing as enshrined in the constitution. He said the team at the same time is challenging the letter of invitation served on him by the office of the DIG, adding  that latter had been served by substituted means through the commissioner of police, Plateau State command, having  obtained a court order to do so. Bawa, therefore, called on the Inspector-General of Police (IGP) to allow justice and the rule of law prevail in the matter since Mailafia had filed an action in court in line with the tenets of the Nigerian constitution, democracy, judicial system, principles of human rights and the doctrine of the rule of law. He added that the Nigeria Police is required by law to hold on and refrain from inviting and requesting him to appear at  DIG office Force CID headquarters, Abuja. He enjoined the Nigeria Police to desist from taking any action that is  unlawful, unconstitutional, illegal, prejudicial and inimical to the person and the constitutional rights of Dr Mailafia until  Plateau State High Court makes judicial pronoucement on the matter. “The case is now fixed for hearing on September 11,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN