The Senate, on Tuesday, said Nigeria has lost N100bn in the joint venture agreement between the Nigerian Television Authority and the Chinese PayTv Startimes. Consequently, the Senate urged the embattled Director-General of the Nigerian Television Authority to recommend to the Federal Government, for the stepping aside, of Managing Director NTA TVEnterprise Maxwell Loco and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Startimes Nigeria Tunde Aina, Director of Tax and Audit to allow for status investigation of the NTA and the joint venture agreements. Co-chairman Senate committees on Finance and National Planning, Solomon Adeola said this, while dismissing the Director-General of the Nigerian Television Authority, Mohammed Ibn Yakubu and his management team from fielding more questions, from committee members on the financial status of the state-owned broadcast institution, which he maintained were not reliable. Yakubu had told the committees that the TV Enterprise has 4million subscribers with only 20 per cent active subscribers. He also told the joint committee, that digital terrestrial transmission is capital intensive when compared to satellite transmission. ALSO READ: SON destroys N450m LPG cylinders, roofing-sheets imported from China, Turkey This reasons did not justify the declaration of continual losses for 11 years the Senate nite and demanded for the details of the transaction which it said would be made to the bank The Senate joint Committees on Finance and National Planning is holding a five day public hearing on the 2021 -2023 Medium -Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Strategy Paper (FSP) to firm up. Senator Adeola said that all the figures being bandied by the management of the NTA were “non-realistic and questionable.” He said in view of the huge revenue generated by the state-owned broadcast station, it could conveniently be monitored for one year by an appointed consultant to unveil the earnings. Yakubu who was elated over the suggestion said there was a need to amend the laws to allow the NTA to move from a public service entity to a commercialized broadcast station. Adeola who asked the State-owned broadcast station and the leadership of the Chinese partner, Startimes to appear before the committee in two weeks pointed out that figures available to the committees have reached N100bn as two years figure showed revenue of N30bn. He said the management would have to return”So that we can look at everything relating to this transactions because from the last record we are able to gather, )over N100bn was generated because only two years alone accounted for about N30bn. “N13bn in 2018 and about N11bn in 2019, they also spent N19bn in the same year, this is almost N30bn and another $90m. By the time you now take it from 2008, that will come to about N100bn that was missing. “I will use the word missing because every amount that was reported there has a matching expenditure and, at the end of the day, the balancing there is zero and there is no profit. “So in two weeks time, we will expect you and a letter to that effect will be sent to you and all the parties that are involved, including the Chief Financial Officer (CFO).” This is the third appearance of the management of the Nigerian Television Authority led by the Director-General whose team had unsatisfactorily made presentation to the Senate joint committee Finance and National Planning. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN