The Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE), Oluyole branch, marked its third anniversary with the sod-turning ceremony of the permanent secretariat of the branch. Delivering his speech on the occasion, national president, NSE, Babagana Muhammed, who was represented by a past chairman of Ibadan branch, Bola Olowe, called on members the Oluyole branch to work together to uplift professional excellence in the state. Commending the branch for the landmark achievement, Babagana also charged members to do more in the area of professional development. Speaking earlier, the branch chairman, Abdulrasaq Jimoh, said the branch had contributed in no small measure to the mentoring of engineering graduates of the branch. According to him, the new secretariat, located at the main Oluyole Estate, which will be known as Oluyole Branch Engineering Resource Centre, would serve as a catalyst for the development of NSE members, especially young engineers. In their goodwill messages, a national exco member, Mojirade Oloruntoba; immediate past chairman of the branch, Ademola Agoro; past branch chairman of NSE, Sam Adeleke; branch chairmen in Oyo State, who delegated Dr Wasiu Ajagbe and Olayinka Alli, all lauded the Oluyole branch for the giant strides. Chairman on the occasion, Chief Olalere Adigun of Sahara Engineering, represented by his son, Dotun Adigun; chairman, Governing Board of Ibadan Polytechnic, Professor Adekunle Akinyemi; chairman, Ibadan West Local Government Area, represented by the secretary of the local government, Chief Salaudeen Kamarudeen; the General Manager, Ibadan Properties Development Authority; chairman, Land Committee of NSE Oluyole, Oluyemi Morakinyo all praised the branch for the feat. Also, the Oluyole branch had its annual general meeting and general election of new executive members for 2020/ 2021 professional year. The newly-elected executives of NSE Oluyole are chairman, Abdulrasaq Jimoh; vice chairman, Yomi Oyerinde; general secretary, Ganiyu Okunlola; assistant general secretary, Adetayo Gbadegesin; technical secretary, Jude Ugwuoke; assistant technical secretary Faith Chukwuma; financial secretary, Adebayo Olanlege; treasurer, Ifeoluwa Adedeji; publicity secretary, Olaide Adegbayo; ex-officio I (IPC), Ademola Agoro; ex-officio II, Saheed Busari; membership secretary, Ademola Adejumobi. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians
BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence
Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN