Without any doubt, Steve Chuks is one of the most successful internet comedians in Nigeria today. The 23-year-old graduate of the University of Lagos famous for playing female characters in his video gas ascertained that success on the internet is not given, but achieved on account of hard work, consistency and creativity. “You need to be passionate about your craft! That’s one thing that would take you far,” he avowed. “You also have to be consistent, otherwise, you will fall by the wayside, just as well, one must realise that there is no substitute for hard work if you really want to go far.” He may be popular and well-liked, the journey, he said, has not been smooth sailing for him. He recalled one of the turbulent moments of his career as a comedian: “At a point in time, I wasn’t getting enough views despite that my act was good. I had to take a two months break to think of a strategy that will get me noticed. During the break, I wrote many contents, shot them and released videos one after the other. I achieved results as people took notice of me and started watching my videos. From their responses, I got an idea about the kind of videos that interest them most and I had been producing those types of videos since.” Steve Chuks, who used to be a digital marketer for a company, is proud of his present self-employed status. On why he left his old job, he said: “I left because I couldn’t sit in the office for hours. And I told them so. It was a job that didn’t require me to be in the office, but my employers insisted that I stayed in the office. Hence, I had no other option but to leave.” Today, he is making money from his creativity online. “I do skits for some brands,” he averred. While not making a full disclosure about his average earning per month, he gave a good hint: “I spend about N70, 000 on data every month to upload my videos on YouTube.” With the benefit of his rich experience, he gave some nuggets of survival tips for those interested in pursuing a career as an online comedian. “One, consistency is important; if I don’t post anything in a month, my fans are likely to lose interest in my page. So, I try to upload videos regularly. Two, try to know what is trending every time so that you can easily cash in on prevailing sentiment. Three, learn skills relevant to your trade. I had to learn how to edit on YouTube. Then also, buy tools that enhance your production. In the beginning, I was using my phone to shoot my skits. But when I made money, I purchased a good professional camera,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE