A ‘hit-and-run’ driver of a private car has reportedly killed a commercial motorcyclist at the popular Post Office overhead bridge, Ilorin, Kwara State on Friday evening. Tribune Online gathered that a passenger with the deceased commercial motorcyclist was severely wounded in the auto accident. According to an eyewitness account, the accident, which occurred around 4:10 pm, was as a result of over speeding on part of the two people involved in the accident, leading to a head-on collision of the motorcycle and the car. “The driver of the car and the rider of the motorcycle were on high speed and had a head-on-collision which led to the instant death of a driver of the motorcycle while the passenger he conveyed was later rushed to the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital by the men of the Kwara State Traffic Management Agency, KWATMA. The unidentified car and the driver was said to have fled the scene immediately he knocked down the motorcyclist. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…’Hit and run’ driver ‘Hit and run’ driver Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…’Hit and run’ driver ‘Hit and run’ driver Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…’Hit and run’ driver