The Justice Ayo Salami panel investigating the activities of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) under its suspended acting chairman, Ibrahim Magu has stated that contrary to reports, it is yet to submit an interim report. Tribune Online recalls that reports in some section of the media (excluding the Tribune titles) have said the panel, headed by a retired president of the Appeal Court, Justice Isa Ayo Salami (retd), submitted an interim report to President Muhammadu Buhari. The reports stated that the panel indicted Magu, having found him guilty of receiving gifts by proxy and recommended his prosecution in the court of law alongside the suspended secretary of the commission, Olanipekun Olukoyede. Magu’s lawyer, Wahab Shittu, had vehemently denied the purported interim indicting his client, saying that the Salami panel could not submit any interim report without hearing from his client. A source informed the Tribune Online that Shittu raised the issue of the interim report with the panel last week, adding that the panel should invite the writers of the said reports to reveal their sources. The source stated that the panel assured the lawyer that it had not submitted any interim report to the Presidency. According to the source, the chairman of the panel, Justice Salami told Shittu that the so-called interim report was a figment of the imagination of the writers of the reports. The source said: “Magu’s lawyer raised the issue of an interim report with the Justice Ayo Salami panel last week. The chairman denied any such report. “Justice Salami told Magu and his lawyer that the reports of any interim reports are nothing but a figment of the imagination of the writers.” The source added that Justice Salami told the embattled former EFCC boss and his counsel that they should only bother themselves with whatever came from the panel and not any hearsays. “What should concern you and your client is what the chairman said. Inviting the promoters of the story will not serve any useful purpose as they will not disclose their sources for the story,” the source quoted Justice Salami as telling Magu and his lawyer. When contacted on the phone on Sunday, Shittu confirmed that the Salami panel debunked the report of the purported interim report, adding that the panel assured that it was yet to submit any report. “The panel told us that the purported interim report is merely a figment of the writer’s imagination,” Shittu said. The suspended Magu has been in the eye of the storm since Monday, July 6 when he was “arrested” in traffic at Wuse II in Abuja by a combined team of mobile policemen and operatives of the Department of State Service (DSS). Magu’s travails followed a damning memo written by the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami SAN, alleging some financial malfeasances against the former EFCC boss, among others, which prompted President Buhari to set up the Salami panel. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …