THE Director, Sales and Strategy at Inlaks, Mr Tope Dare has said that Automated Teller Machine (ATM) remains a critical kingpin for customer engagement as part of a broader omni-channel and retail-banking strategy. Dare in a recent webinar presentation  titled: ‘What Future for ATMs in Nigeria – Death or Resurgence?’ observed that the bottom of the pyramid (poor Nigerians who do not have a voice at the webinar but deserve due consideration) whose daily living still demands use of cash until mass availability of proven, feasible and affordable alternatives still have needs of cash. According to him, as long as cash is king, cash is not going to be phased out any time soon, but cash access is evolving to suit the customer’s “anytime, anywhere” needs. The role of the ATM he added, is evolving for financial institutions and cardholders. He believes that new ATM technologies will make banking easier and more convenient which plays a critical role in keeping consumers connected to their banks in the new digital era. Dare who oversees the sales, services (technical support), software development and R&D of the Business Unit with a workforce of more than 200 listed what he believes banks can do to improve ATM deployment and profitability. He said banks should: embrace data driven ATM deployment; upgrade to fintech enabled(NextGen) ATMs; embark on branch transformation to enhance self-serve banking functions; activate modern features on ATMs to deliver frictionless and contactless transactions(NFC, barcode);  increase offsite ATM deployment; adopt branch on wheels for remote banking and actively engage CBN on policy to drive rapid adoption of cash deposit ATMs for intra and interbank deposits to reduce cash management costs and logistic issues. On why more ATMs are needed, the technology expert said there are still long queues at financial institutions with no social distancing in the era of COVID-19. He also observed that it is taking longer period to achieve financial inclusion goals, stressing that there is slower growth of financial services industry. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN