GOVERNOR Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has reiterated his regime’s commitment towards the improvement of lives of the people, saying that the recent repeal and re-enactment law of the Community and Social Development Project (CSDP) in the state is to reposition the agency for effective rural transformation. Ugwuanyi stated this through his deputy, Mrs Cecelia Ezeilo, when the “Documentary Team” of CSDP from Abuja led by Alhaji Abubakar Yusuf, paid him a courtesy call at Government House, Enugu at the weekend. The governor explained that the framework under the new law would enable the agency to key into the World Bank standards for effective and efficient service delivery as well as discourage rural-urban migration. Her words: “Your historic epoch-making visit, no doubt, is in line with the development objective of the community and social development in Nigeria. The agency in the state has been receiving the maximum support and mandate of the government in the conception and implementation of projects. “I would like to assure the team that Enugu State will continue to partner CSDP agency in the state for the furtherance of its rural community and social development agenda.” Earlier in his speech, Alhaji Yusuf who represented the National Coordinator of CSDP, Dr Abdulkarim Obaje appreciated the Enugu State Government assistance to the Agency in the state Alhaji Yusuf said that they had been on two weeks tour to South East Zone to monitor and assess CSDP projects in the zone. “It may interest you to know that we have been in South East for two weeks and we are satisfied with the project we see on ground so far. “The project is World Bank-sponsored meant for the rural development and Enugu is one of the states that have utilised the fund for the development project. “We monitored projects at several communities which our team in the states executed, it is a project to be appreciated for well execution.” He appealed for more assistance from the government to help reduce the suffering of the poor in the communities. According to him, they had visited eight communities where CSDP projects were sited, adding that they appreciated the well execution of the projects so far. Also speaking, the State Board Chairman of CSDP, Comrade Ibuchukwu Ohabuenyi Ezike, lauded the state government for its support to the Agency, adding that Governor Ugwuanyi had created an enabling environment for rural development. Comrade Ezike told the governor that the CSDP team had visited the beneficiary communities where they assessed the state of development of CSDP projects in the State. “I am happy that those who are known for ecclesiastical work are participating in CSDP projects in the community, citing Umuhu in Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of the state as one of them,” he noted. The Acting General Manager of Community and Social Development Project (CSDP) in Enugu State, Mr. Samuel Ezeugwu while speaking, said, “CSDP is a World Bank assisted project that promotes community-driven development co-financed by the Federal Government. Ezeugwu further said that the Agency executed various projects in seven pilot local government councils of the state at the moment and would extend it to other councils. He noted that the project included 134 open markets stalls, electricity extension covering three villages with 130 poles, halls among others. It was learnt that there were jubilations in all the communities visited as scores of people including women and children came out en-masse to welcome the visitors. At Umuhu, the traditional ruler of the community, Igwe Edmund Ogbu (leader of the community) said they were happy over the building of school laboratory and the road which he said was a virgin place before the CSDP intervention. Igwe Ogbu said, “with the support of the government through the CSDP, we have done good work. We are ready to partner with you.” Also in their separate speeches, the Bishop of the Anglican Church, Ehamufu, His Grace, Daniel Olaniya and the Secretary of the Town Union, Ebere Chukwuka commended the CSDP and the government for their support to the community by putting the projects in their community. Other speakers including the Leader of the team, Alhaji Abubakar Yusuf, Board Chairman, Comrade Ibuchukwu Ohabuenyi Ezike, the Acting General Manager, Samuel Ezugwu who accompanied the officials from Abuja to assess the state of world bank projects commended the people for the support they had given to make the CSDP projects a success. “We believe that citing one or two of the world bank projects will go a long way in lifting the lives of the people,” Yusuf told the community. For the Anglican Bishop, Olinya, “the project CSDP brought is not a project the community will forget in a hurry. I recall that the absence of science laboratory in the community secondary school affected many students including myself as I could not make my I physics at the first shot when I wrote my Senior WAEC examination. I was a product of the school. “What you people have done for us is marvellous. It will help to open up a new area. If not for the rain, you could have seen a large crowd of people here to welcome you.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN