THE Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD) has decided to remove names of 23,089 pensioners from its pension payroll. The names, according to a document in possession of the Nigerian Tribune include 2,220 retirees of the former Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN). The directorate has finally resolved to remove them from the payroll with effect from August pension payment. Already, PTAD has written to the chairman, Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP) at the Abuja headquarters, to inform them of the decision to yank off the names of the 23,089 pensioners. PTAD said it took the decision following the “review and analysis” of the field verification exercise it carried out for pensioners between April and November 2019 as well a follow-up exercise held at the PTAD headquarters, Abuja and the Lagos liaison office before the lockdown. Affected are the pensioners of treasury-funded parastatals and the universities under the Defined Benefits Scheme. When contacted, the NUP said it had just received a letter from PTAD on its decision to remove the names of a huge number of pensioners from the pension payroll, but warned the PTAD should be very careful in taking such a step, as it may be catastrophic. The letter, entitled: ‘Removal of Parastatals Pensioners That Did Not Undergo Verification From the Directorate’s Pension Payroll’ was dated July 9 and addressed to the chairman of NUP, national headquarters, Abuja, with special attention to all the national vice presidents of the parastatal. Reacting to the development, the general secretary of NUP, Elder Actor Zal, said the NUP leadership would look at the list, scrutinise it and write a “strongly-worded” letter to PTAD on the need for them to be very careful and more than 100 per cent sure of what they are about to do. “We want them to be very sure that genuine pensioners are not removed from the payroll unjustifiably, because experience had shown us in the past that people’s names may be carelessly removed from the list of payroll by mistake or semblance. “It is always very easy to remove names from payroll by these agencies, but reinstating them back becomes an issue, despite regular visits of the affected persons to show evidence of being alive, being verified, and doing thumbprinting. They will begin to write letters upon letters. “This money we are talking about is people’s pensions, it is people’s lives. Somebody that does not have any other means of income and you just yank him off from the monthly payroll, how do you want him to survive? So, we are appealing to PTAD to be very sure, check and re-check before carrying out this assignment.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.