A lawmaker representing Ekiti/Isin/Irepodun/Oke-Ero federal constituency of Kwara state in the House of Representatives, Hon. Tunji Olawuyi Ajuloopin has empowered 200 youths with Digital knowledge in Kwara State. Speaking at the closing ceremony of a two-week digital empowerment programme in Omu-Aran, Irepodun Local government area of the state at the weekend, Ajuloopin said that the programme was designed to equip and empower the youths with digital knowledge as a premise for entrepreneurial skill and self-reliance. The beneficiaries of the digital training programme were presented with 200 laptops and tablets as well as a start-up fund. Their business names were also registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC). “In this age of Information Communication Technology (1CT), we recognise the role of digital knowledge as a major driver of our economy and critical to our future as a nation. Sequel to this, we see the need to leverage digital knowledge to curb the recurring menace of unemployment in our state and especially our dear constituency. “It is imperative to understand the place of digital skill in this age as whatever you have acquired in term of skills and creativity in the training programme are essential to ensure the growth of our dear constituency with a multiplier effect on the growth of our state and country at large. It must also be noted that lack of viable skills means that the potential of our youth is underutilised as the world now speaks technology. “The novel coronavirus pandemic has unravelled the importance of digital processes and the need for the youth to embrace such skill. The COVID-19 pandemic has necessitated digital transformation and alternative ways of achieving our objectives using technology. “Experts have also predicted increased dependency on technology through various platforms like; digital marketing, social media marketing, web designing among others. This, however, is a paradigm shift in the way we do things. Meanwhile, to ensure that our youth are fully equipped and prepared for the new normal, we facilitated the digital empowerment programme to help our youths cushion the effect of unemployment,” he said. Also speaking, the chairman of Kwara state chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Hon. Bashir Bolarinwa, while commending the lawmaker for the digital empowerment programme, charged the beneficiaries to make positive use of the opportunity given to them in order to be self-reliant and employers of labour. Two of the beneficiaries, Asaolu Oluwatobi Olamide from the Oke-Ero local government and Adebayo Babatunde from the Isin local government, expressed gratitude on the programme saying that “this programme has really done many things in my life. It has given me a great impact. Before, I didn’t know anything about digital marketing. I really appreciate this man because of the wonderful experience. I pray that he will continue to excel,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders…Kwara lawmaker empowers youths Kwara lawmaker empowers youths Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis…Kwara lawmaker empowers youths Kwara lawmaker empowers youths ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and…Kwara lawmaker empowers youths Kwara lawmaker empowers youths LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN