Amid the sustained bullish activity, the Nigerian equities market opens the new week on a positive trend to post a 0.07 per cent increase in the growth indicators. The All Share Index (ASI) of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) advanced by 0.07 per cent to close at 25,327.13 basis points, just as the market capitalisation closed at N13.21 trillion on Monday. However, the performance was negative as the number of losers outweighed that of the gainers with 19 against 11 at the close of a trading session. Hence, the year to date loss of the NSE ASI eased to 5.6 per cent. ALSO READ: Lawmaker begs Secondus to reverse senate bye-election disqualification Specifically, shares of Mobil, Dangote Cement, WAPCO and Bua Cement were the toast of investors; hence their respective prices rose by 10 per cent, 0.52 per cent, 3.46 per cent and 0.25 per cent. Sectoral analyses indicated that the NSE Oil/Gas and NSE Industrial indices rose by 1.99 per cent and 0.55 per cent respectively. However, performance across sub-sector gauges tracked was negatively skewed as three out of the five indices closed in red; the NSE Banking, NSE Insurance and NSE Consumer Goods indices moderated by 0.74 per cent, 0.61 per cent and 0.01 per cent. Meanwhile, market activity was upbeat as total volume and value of stocks traded surged by 120.36 per cent and 185.46 per cent to 0.30 billion units and N2.62 billion. UACN was the toast of investors as it was the most traded stock by volume and value at 74.42 million units and N425.23 million, respectively.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’
The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report
BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year
The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…