A Chief Magistrate Grade 1 Court in Kano on Wednesday restrained the operation of any commercial activities of luxury bus owners anywhere in the state. The court sitting at Gidan Murtala, Kano presided over by Mrs Rakiya Lami Sani gave the order on Wednesday. The judgement was given upon hearing an ex parte application moved by Mutawakkil Isaq Muhammad, Principal State Counsel, Ministry of Justice, Kano State and Secretary/Legal Adviser of Kano State Road Traffic Agency (KAROTA) seeking the honourable court to suspend luxury bus operations in the state pending the hearing in motion. Recall that the KAROTA had earlier directed the luxury bus owners to relocate from Sabon Gari Park to Unguwa Uku motor park. The luxury bus association refused to comply with the order and mounted a persistent appeal through notable personalities for them to be allowed to stay on New Road. It was also disclosed that the luxury bus association told the authorities concerned that they would abide with law and order. Meanwhile, KAROTA has called on the Luxury Bus Association in the state to comply with the court order restraining them from operating in the state for peace and orderliness in the state. This was just as the agency warned that any luxury bus owner who violates the court order will have himself to blame. According to a statement signed and issued by Public Relation Officer, KAROTA, Comrade Nabilusi Abubakar and made available on Wednesday to pressmen. The managing director, KAROTA, Baffa Babba Dan’agundi, warned that any luxury bus owner who violates the court order will have himself to blame. He said, despite not obtaining a permit to operate in the state, the agency allowed the bus owners to relocate to the new park to continue their businesses, but they decided to disobey the agency’s order which necessitated the legal move to avoid further crisis.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists…