The former Secretary to the Ondo State Government (SSG) Hon. Ifedayo Abegunde who resigned from the governor Rotimi Akeredolu cabinet at the wake of the primary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, has returned to the governor’s fold. Abegunde resigned his appointment in June to support one of the APC governorship aspirant, Segun Abraham, who later stepped down for governor Akeredolu before the primary election of the party. Abegunde however, switched to another aspirant, Olaide Adelami, who garner four votes and came fifth in the APC primary election, losing the ticket to Akeredolu. It was gathered that some leaders of the party in the state on Sunday evening led Abegunde to the Alagbaka Government House, to settle with his former principal who received him with an open arms. The former SSG was said to have pledged his support for the reelection bid of Akeredolu with a pledge to deliver for the party in the October 10 governorship election in the state. ALSO READ: Ibadan airport workers protest against FG’s plan to concession 4 airports Abegunde will be working with other political gladiators from Akure town to ensure the return of the APC and Akeredolu who will be contesting against Akure son, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate in the election, Mr. Eyitayo Jegede. A party chieftain who was at the meeting disclosed to Nigerian Tribune that apart from Abegunde, a former Commissioner for Special Duties in the state, Femi Adekanbi, also settled his differences with the governor. The party chieftain affirmed that ”Yes, Abena (Abegunde) was with the governor this evening. They have settled their differences. “From now on, he will be working with other APC faithful to ensure the victory of the APC and Akeredolu in the forthcoming election” Abegunde who resigned from the cabinet of Akeredolu but remained in APC cited personal reasons for his exit from the ruling APC government in the state, alleging that he was ill-treatmed during his three years at the office of the SSG.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…