Your vehicle’s tires need to be in tip-top shape to ensure your safety and that of other drivers on the road. If you think about it, you will realise that your tyres are your car’s only contact with the road, so they must be well maintained. It wasn’t until 1888 that John Boyd Dunlop, “unbeknownst” to him, reinvented the pneumatic tyre whilst trying to improve his son’s bike. Dunlop’s tyre, like Thomson’s, didn’t seem to sell at first – until a bike race in Belfast was won by a rider using his tyres. With that victory, people began to take notice of the pneumatic tyre (Dunlop.eu/Dunlopeuen, 2014). In 1895 the pneumatic tyre was first used on automobiles, Andre and Edouard Michelin. It was also around this time that legislation was put into effect that discouraged the use of solid rubber tyres. All over the world companies sprang up to meet the new demand for the newt yres. The age of the pneumatic tyre had begun! (blackcircles.com, 2015). A question that is commonly asked is how long should they be used for? There are varied answers to the question because there is an array of determining factors that influence the durability of vehicle tyres. Generally speaking, a normal set of tyres should last for 60,000 to 75,000 miles, which equates to about four to five years. Here, we explore major factors that will affect your tires’ lifespan:  The average tyre on the market is designed to last about 60,000 miles, but every tyre is different. Some manufacturers offer a warranty as high as 100,000Kms or more, while other tyres may be built to provide 50,000Kms of service. The type of tyres you purchase also plays a role in how long they last, as studies have shown that ultra-high-performance tires last nearly half the number of miles than family-car tyres.  Believe it or not, the vehicle on which your tyres are mounted plays a role in how long they last. SUVs and trucks put more weight on tires than a sedan, so if your vehicle is not outfitted with the appropriate tyres, the tyres might wear out faster than expected.  If you regularly subject your vehicle to hard acceleration, heavy loads and aggressive driving over speed bumps and potholes, your tyres will wear out prematurely.  Driving in a country with higher temperatures such as Nigeria means your tyres are at greater risk, due to the increased friction against roads. This could lead to damages such as cracks, especially if your tyres are not inflated properly.  How to make your tires’ last longer Now that we’ve looked at factors affecting the longevity of tyres, here are some suggestions for prolonging their durability:   On the whole, the lifespan of a vehicle’s tyres is dependent on several factors ranging from the manufacturers to driving habits. As long as a conscious effort is consistently put into their maintenance, you should start enjoying extended use of your tyres. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed …Extending the lifespan of your tyres FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states…Extending the lifespan of your tyres Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in…Extending the lifespan of your tyres FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset…Extending the lifespan of your tyres UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting…Extending the lifespan of your tyres Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE