A Yoruba Socio-Cultural group, Afenifere has expressed profound congratulation to Dr Akinwumi Adesina on his overwhelming reelection as the President of African Development Bank (AfDB). In a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yinka Odumakin, it reads, “Dr Adesina victory becomes more celebratory because the most powerful President stood against his reelection bid with a demand for a repeat probe into a cleared allegation against him.” “Adesina submitted himself for the probe from which he was cleared to coast home to this sweet victory.” “See a man draped in a cloth of integrity as he stands tall before kings and princes are the apt cases of Adesina.” “We congratulate Adesina and ask him to work on everlasting legacy so his second term could be more rewarding than the first.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Afenifere congratulates Adesina Afenifere congratulates Adesina Afenifere congratulates Adesina Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Afenifere congratulates Adesina Afenifere congratulates Adesina Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Afenifere congratulates Adesina Afenifere congratulates Adesina Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the…Afenifere congratulates Adesina Afenifere congratulates Adesina