A man, Hammed Bello who dragged his wife, Rukayat Bello before Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, stated in his divorce suit that she was always blackmailing and accusing him of being fetish. He begged the court to stop their marriage because according to him, she had soiled his name and dented his image enough. The plaintiff pleaded for the custody of their two children whose welfare he stated would be his priority. Rukayat agreed that their wedlock be dissolved. The defendant explained that their marriage lacked the expected intimacy because sex with her husband was painful. She added that he’s fetish and bathed everyday in the middle of the night. Rukayat said she was ready to leave because she didn’t want her husband to use her for ritual. Hammed said during the court session that: “My lord, I have come to court because I don’t want to do anything drastic. Rukayat is bent on denting my image and destroying my name. She refused to relent on blackmailing me. “Any time Rukayat and I have a misunderstanding, she will cook up lies against me. My wife is always seeking to disgrace me. “She consistently embarrassed me before our children and neighbours by referring to me as fetish. “My lord, Rukayat went as far telling who ever cared to listen that I wanted to use her for ritual. “If I allow my wife a minute longer under my roof she would take a step further by indicting me of murder and get me locked up behind bars. “I’m not willing that Rukayat ruin my life as a result of her uncouth behaviour. “I, therefore, pray this honourable court to dissolve our union so that we can go our different ways. “But my lord, I pray that you put our children in my care. If Rukayat is allowed to raise them, she would impart in then negatively,” the plaintiff said. “Hammed has never wished that I make progress in life.  He has ever been a clog in the wheel,” Rukayat stated whilegiving her evidence. “I sought for spiritual help when I observed that things weren’t going on well with me and by extension our home. but Hammed would not hear of this. “He fought me anytime I sprinkle our house with water, oil and some other items,” the defendant explained. She went on: “I don’t enjoy sex with my husband because it is painful.  I feel heavy and experience ache all over my body whenever Hammed and I make love. “My lord, I undergo such an experience because my husband is diabolic. Hammed is into evil which is the reason I never cease to accuse him of being fetish. “My husband is always taking his bath in the middle of the night. “My lord, this bath is not ordinary. He is carrying out a ritual. This explains why my health is deteriorating day after day. “I plead that this court ends our marriage. Hammed is using me for ritual purpose. If I continue to stay with him I will soon die. “I, therefore, pray that you separate us,” Rukayat begged. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade observed that their union had broken down irretrievably and therefore pronounced it annulled. Odunade gave custody of their two children to the defendant and ordered the plaintiff to be responsible for their welfare with education and medical service given the most attention. He was in addition directed to give the defendant N8,000 every month as their children’s feeding allowance. This he explained should be carried out through the court.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper… WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza. 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by … Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the… Boko Haram Now Recruiting Child Soldiers — MNJTF THE Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) says the Boko Haram terrorist group has introduced the use of child soldiers to resuscitate its declining influence in the Lake Chad Basin. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the Chief of Military Public Information for MNJTF, Colonel Timothy… BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE