Siren is an electronic device used to create awareness to other road users to take cognizance of an emergency scenario, especially during heavy traffic congestion on the road. Nevertheless, the driver of such vehicle needs to consider the safety of other road users in the course of engaging in his legitimate duties. There are incessant fatal accidents on the highway these days due to the reckless driving of the vehicle with siren appliances. The few people who had been given the prerogative to use siren in public should endeavour to employ properly trained drivers to be in charge of such vehicles all the time in order to curtail ghastly accidents on public roads. In developed countries, one can hardly acknowledge the movement of the vehicles of the people in power as they do not make unnecessary noise or call undue attention to themselves but in Nigeria, only few people who are famous maintain decorum with their siren when going around. The drivers intimidate other road users unnecessarily and expose them to danger. Users of siren appliances should consider the plight of those who are hypertensive in nature as it can easily wreak havoc on their health. It has become imperative to organize periodic trainings for drivers who are in charge of siren vehicles to educate them on the ethics of using such vehicles and also to sensitise them on traffic codes whenever they are driving such vehicles for the safety of the lives of other road users and pedestrians.  Rev Oladimeji Micheal Olalekan Ibadan  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men…