Retired archbishop of Ibadan, Dr Felix Alaba-Job has asked Nigerians to take responsibility for the care of their eyes and not push this to the government. Alaba-Job, who spoke at the opening of the Centre for Eye Health and Retina Care, Eleta Eye Institute, in Ibadan, stated that Nigerians should not burden a government that is already laden with lots of responsibilities on healthcare delivery in the country. He said regular eye checks remain an important part of good eye care to detect eye problems promptly, including use of glasses in those with poor eyesight due to ageing. He, however, stated that the opening ceremony of the eye care centre should be a clarion call to Nigerians and philanthropists to increase support for the provision of eye care services in the country. Archbishop of the archdiocese of Ibadan, Archbishop Gabriel Abegunrin, in his address, said the Eleta eye institute, was in response to people’s suffering and frequent requests for spiritual care for their eyes. According to him, “we now know that we need more than the holy water; we can work with technology to make them well, especially since we found qualified doctors.” The cleric assured that services at Eleta eye institute are both for the rich and poor, adding, “some who have will have to pay a little bit more for those who don’t have; this is how we do it.” Medical director of the centre, Dr. Gboyega Ajayi, said the concept of the Centre for Eye Health and Retina Care was apt, with the advent of COVID-19 the need for social distancing and number of ophthalmologists practicing in Nigeria. According to him, the task of ensuring eye care for all Nigerians is beyond the few ophthalmologists working in Nigeria as it will take them at least 77 years to attend to all Nigerians. “The centre for eye health is about getting those who feel safe, who feel all is well with their eyes, who feel they have no problems, yet have a quiet, painless and unobtrusive eye problem, such as glaucoma, gradually damaging their eyes to come forward and save themselves before they  develop irreversible visual impairment or blindness. “The centre is about demand creation and providing ease of accessibility. Times have changed. COVID-19 has changed the way we work and live.  Just as you are watching an occasion miles away, so will it be possible to have your eyes examined and treated from the safety of your homes or offices with the innovative ideas we are working on.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE