Veteran gospel musician-turned-cleric, Pastor Joseph Adelakun, has urged church leaders and Christians at large not to fault the Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu and his Ogun State counterpart, Dapo Abiodun, on their decisions to reopen churches as part of  measures to ease the COVID-19 lockdown in their domains. He also advised people not to castigate the governors or describe them as anti-Christianity for restricting church activities  for five months. Instead, he said people should continue to intercede on their behalf for divine wisdom to fight the deadly virus. He commended the governors for lifting the ban on religious activities which now allows Christians to worship only on Sundays, urging church leaders and Christians at large to be law-abiding and maintain the prescribed precautionary measures against the spread of the pandemic. He reminded Tribune ChurchNews that the two governors are Christians too with Sanwo-Olu being a member of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministry, while Abiodun is a member of The Redeemed Christian Church of God, adding that the two cannot be involved in anything that will bring Christianity down. “People should not be in a haste to pass judgment on governments for their long delay in reopening churches fully in Lagos and Ogun. I have heard people say that markets were opened while churches were still locked. Let us bear in mind that these two governors are Christians too and they are not against Christianity in anyway. “The marketplace is an essential part of the society which people need to visit on a daily basis, but it is not the building we call the church; we are the church and because of the oneness, bond between us, we tend to joyfully associate with one another and relate more closely whenever we meet in the church, unlike the marketplace. We tend to stay longer and fellowship with one another in the church. If care is not taken, the deadly virus could get spread,” he added. He said: “The Bible also confirms that we should be law-abiding, adhere to the government’s directive and continue to pray for our leaders. We should also pray for absolute peace of our nation and the entire world.” The cleric also called on Christians not to relent in interceding for the states, Nigeria and the world at large in order to overcome the pandemic.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.