The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has named a street in the Apo District of Abuja after a legal luminary, Aare Afe Babalola (SAN) for his contribution to the development of the country. Speaking on Friday at the commissioning of the street after Afe Babalola in Abuja, the Director of Operations, Street naming Project of the Abuja Municipal Area Council (AMAC), Mr Peter Ijwo told Saturday Tribune that the street is named after the legal luminary in view of his tremendous contribution to the development of the legal profession and the entire country. In his words, ’The street is named after the elder statesman and philanthropist for his contributions to the development of the country. “it is a well-deserved honour as Aare Afe Babalola has contributed a lot for this country and to the service of humanity. “It is for his immense contributions to this country’s legal profession and humanity that the authorities of the Abuja Municipal Area Council (AMAC) have decided to honour him by naming the street after him”. Responding on behalf of Aare Afe Babalola, the Head of Chambers of Afe Babalola Chambers and Co., Kehindede Ogunwimiju (SAN) thanked AMAC for honouring, “Our mentor and a legal icon by naming a street after him in Abuja. “Afe Babalola did not lobby for the honour but, AMAC came in their own volition to bestow the honour on him, in recognition of what he has done for the country. “This goes to show that people who are worthy of honour should be honoured even while they are alive and not when they are dead. “Afe Babalola has made so many sacrifices for the country and as such, deserves the honour bestowed on him by the street naming Unit of the Abuja Municipal Area Council (AMAC) of Abuja.” In a telephone chat with the legal icon, Afe Babalola said he was grateful to AMAC for naming a street after him in Abuja, the nation’s capital. He equally thanked President Muhammadu Buhari for the approval and expressed his commitment to the development of the country. The street named after Afe Babalola was situated off Gashara Crescent, Apo Resettlement in Apo District of Abuja. The street recently tarred comprises of about 22 plots with four undeveloped plots. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension
THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper…Aare Afe Babalola WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused
WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things…Aare Afe Babalola Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child
Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza.Aare Afe Babalola 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF
THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by …Aare Afe Babalola Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers
THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the…Aare Afe Babalola Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE