THE Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji has described as unfortunate the alleged destruction of the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, (AIIA) perimeter fence by an indigine, Architect J J Emejulu. Nnaji, while noting that globally properties are relinquished by citizens for overriding public interest, added that several other people including communities had lost their landed properties both for the airport use and for the relocation of the market that existed within the airport environ for the extension of the runway. He said it was regrettable that such incident had to happen at the time the reopening of the airport which he described as very critical to the people of South-East was in sight saying that as an international airport; perimeter fence remained a critical safety requirement for its operations. “This action taken by Emejulu is detrimental to the efforts being put in place by the Federal Government, South-east governors, South-east caucus of the National Assembly, (NASS), the entire leaders and stakeholders of the South-East extraction to bring the airport back to use for the benefits of the people of the region.” Nnaji, who acknowledged the commitments of the Minister of Aviation, Captain Hadi Sirika and the managements of the various agencies under the Aviation Ministry towards the completion of works and the subsequent reopening of the airport, assured that no stone would be left unturned to resolve the matter. He praised the minister for living up to his promise of technically relocating his office to Enugu for close and constant supervision of works at the airport until it is finally delivered. The House Committee Chairman also noted the personal commitment of the Enugu State governor, Mr Ifeanyi Ugwuani, especially in the construction of the access road to navigational aids sites and other ancillary works at the airport. Emeujulu was alleged to have moved equipment to the location last Wednesday to knock down about two kilometres of the airport fence claiming that he had court judgement to demolish the fence and other illegal structures on his land which he said was bought with a stretch of about four hundred plots from the natives in 2008. The Akanu Ibiam International Airport was scheduled for reopening on the 30th of this month. Ugwuani said that the Minister’s visit was to determine the extent of work done and to be certain if the August date was still feasible.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN