Economies around the globe are struggling to fight the effects of the novel coronavirus pandemic, bringing forward numerous counter measurements such as providing liquidity to companies. The world has been pushed to the brink of a recession. The Great Shutdown, as it’s commonly referred to, is forecasted to be worse than the World War II recession. For the time being, the health crisis is under control and, even if the world economy’s prospects are bleak, the upcoming recession won’t hit in 2020. The figures showing the extend of COVID-19 in Nigeria indicate a low level of spread. Nevertheless, the danger still exists. The country remains vulnerable to the coronavirus threat, as any other nation on this planet. The federal and state governments should ensure immediate access to food, shelter, as well as other basic necessities to people losing their jobs or incomes during these tough times. Let’s not forget that Nigeria has the largest economy in Africa and it can afford to lend a helping hand. Many are finding that it’s impossible to get a good night’s rest any more. The effects of COVID-19 on people’s sleep may seem fascinating to some. Given what is happening worldwide, this doesn’t really come as a surprise. Insomnia, nightmares, and fragmented sleep are becoming serious risk factors as the global pandemic continues. Life has changed for everyone and the difficult feelings won’t go away any time soon. You feel scared and stressed about the virus and need reassurance every step of the way. Image source: https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-person-holding-alarm-clock-1028741/ Before the novel coronavirus pandemic, many people were already struggling with sleep issues. Now, with the added challenges of the health crisis, they are taking worry to a completely different level. Impossible as it may seem, you can break the habits that are so disruptive to your sleep. But how? How the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our sleep Sleep has definitely changed since the COVID-19 outbreak, which has brought about radical changes to all our daily routines. The worrying concerns related to health, finances, job security, parenting, and so on, trigger unpleasant upturns. Many are doing their best to get back on track, but their efforts haven’t been successful. We’re all sleeping differently. Unfortunately, sleep quality has decreased significantly. We’re sleeping too much Some places are reopening or planning to reopen. Nevertheless, not all businesses will reopen, either because they don’t know how to adapt to the new normal or they wish to protect employees by letting them stay at home. Organizations and workers across Nigeria have embraced working from home. Surprisingly, many are doing less and sleeping more during the global pandemic. This isn’t necessarily a good thing. The brain processes a great deal of emotional and intellectual information, so we go to bed earlier than expected. Even if the sleep isn’t top quality, we’re surely sleeping longer than we used to. We don’t use alarm clocks anymore Rising with the sun is out of the question during the COVID-19 pandemic. We don’t have to get up early in the morning to avoid traffic jams. So, it’s pointless to set an alarm as the familiar routine of getting ready for commuting and, of course, work. According to the experts, this has a positive impact on our sleep routine, as we get closer to the genetic wake-up time. When the alarm goes off, we experience what is called sleep inertia. We’re moody and definitely not at our best. Waking up thanks to the natural sunlight makes us more alert and even enhances our memory. We’re going to bed later Even if researchers at Harvard say that it’s okay to stay up late, we fail to agree. It can be harmful to the health. Going to bed later can lead to significant disruptions in eating habits, not to mention that it impacts the immune system. It’s important to go to bed early to be healthier, happier, and more productive. The novel coronavirus lockdown lifestyle has accustomed us to staying up late and the lack of restrictions is to blame. Staying up until midnight and slacking off in the afternoon disrupts the natural sleep cycle and can have long term effects on the sleep. What to do if the COVID-19 pandemic is keeping you awake at night In most busy cities in Nigeria, only a small percentage of the population gets adequate sleep. It’s estimated that more than 50% of Nigerians don’t get enough sleep. To be more precise, they get less than 9 hours of sleep per night. Here are a few recommendations to promote sleep:  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost…