The Eyitayo Jegede Campaign Organisation (EJCO) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo state, on Wednesday, carpeted the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, over a statement that the All Progressives Congress (APC) would rule the state forever, describing it as inordinate, arrogant and oppressive. The Jegede campaign group who stated this said there was no way anybody or any party could rule a state or country forever, and saying Akeredolu’s utterances were least expected of a governor. The Head, Media Research, of EJCO Mr Samuel Fasua, said it would be a mirage for any political party to think of ruling the state perpetually and said this is not possible anywhere in the world. Fasua said “wonders, they say, shall never end. What on earth would move a governor to be playing god and talking down on the people, that a particular political party will rule them forever? “It’s altogether amusing that the governor has turned himself to ‘a prophet of everlasting rule’, for a party that has left the people of the state impoverished, and allowed social infrastructure to decay in the last three and half years. “That statement was not only arrogant and oppressive, it also presented a supposed leader talking down on the people, out of desperation to stave off a looming electoral defeat.” ALSO READ: Families dig up corpses of relatives, dress them in new clothes in Indonesia’s bizarre festival (12 PHOTOS) He, however, explained that while the PDP candidate, Jegede had been highlighting his programmes of action for the people of the state as campaign issues, the reverse was the case for the APC flagbearer. “While Jegede has been seeking the votes of the people, telling them the programmes he intends to carry out in four years, our friend at the other party has been going around with rotational governorship, as his sole campaign issue. “As they say, the hood does not necessarily make the monk. That a particular governorship candidate comes from a particular part of the state does not translate to competence, especially given the onerous task of proper management of the human and material resources of our dear state. “The people can no longer be fooled with irrelevant tales, in the face of mass poverty and apparent display of opulence by some pseudo-aristocrats, who are currently presiding over the fiefdom that Ondo State has been reduced to. “That ugly scenario, among others, is exactly what our people seek to erase, come October 10, this year,” the EJCO replied. Akeredolu had said the APC government will rule the state forever while calling on political gladiators in the Ondo Central to wait for their turn after his tenure and the southern senatorial district. He specifically said it was not the turn of the Central Senatorial District to produce a governor, saying the district should wait for the next 12 years. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN