THE Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has called for social dialogue between the employers and the employees in the aviation industry to prevent job losses. The minister made the call at a conciliatory meeting he held with airline operators and the trade unions in aviation industry to discuss contentious issues, especially pay cut and laying off of workers. The Minister appealed to them to join hands to make sure there are no job losses in that industry as the cardinal principle of this administration is to prevent job losses. He said the government on its part would honour its obligation to the industry by providing palliatives in the form of tax reduction, tax exemption, and elimination of custom duties on aircraft spares and logistics. He added that the Central Bank of Nigeria would also provide a stimulus package to encourage the operators in the industry. The minister commended the efforts of the airline operators, especially Air Peace and Bristow Helicopters, in keeping faith and paying the salaries and allowances of their staff, when necessary, for the period of the COVID-19 epidemic. He urged the operators to allow their employees exercise their right to unionisation, as Section 40 of Nigerian Constitution guaranteed that. “We encourage the airline operators to allow members of staff who desire to go into unions to do so, as belonging to unions is a voluntary thing. Obstructing them from doing so, is to curtail their fundamental rights as enshrined in our Constitution,” he said. On the cardinal issues, which the meeting sought to address, he noted that relative peace has been restored in the industry. He disclosed that the management of Air Peace, the Minister of Aviation and the trade unions in the industry had already agreed that Air Peace would dialogue with their workers on the re-absorption of some of the sacked pilots and engineers, while those who had already got employment elsewhere would be allowed to go peacefully and with their entitlement. The Minister directed the unions in Turkish Airlines to forward in writing their complaints about victimisation of officers in the unions to the Minister of Aviation, and copy the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment. On Bristow Helicopters, Ngige noted that 90 – 95 per cent of the issues had already been solved through social dialoguing, adding that “while we understand the plight of the employers, being that the volume of work in that organisation has dwindled, from 50 aircraft business to an all-time low of 12 aircrafts. We  appeal to both management and workers to dialogue with human face in order to save jobs.” The minister stated that the thrust of the social dialogues was to save jobs, so that even the management could also consider reduction in the number of people slated for redundancy. He also noted that even if redundancy must occur, it should be done under the ambit of Nigerian law on redundancy. On the unilateral pay cut by Arik Air, as well as the disagreement on terminal benefit for workers, Ngige directed the management of the airline to engage the employees in social dialogue and come up with a mutually agreed remuneration. Speaking, President, Nigeria Labour Congress, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, commended the Federal Government’s commitment to supporting the aviation industry through the provision of palliatives.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN