The Kogi State Polytechnic has expelled 25 students for their involvement in various forms of examination malpractice. The institution disclosed this in a statement issued to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) by Mrs Uredo Omale, its Head, Public Relations and Protocol Unit, on Saturday in Lokoja. Omale said the decision was taken at the meeting of the institution’s Governing Board held on August 13. According to her, the decision is in line with the recommendation of the Students Examination Malpractice Committee. She said that the students were found guilty of various forms of examination misconduct during the second semester examination for the 2018/2019 academic session. The spokesperson said that the board had during the meeting also approved backlog of results across all schools, beginning from the 2016/2017 academic session. “The meeting also considered and approved the establishment of the School of Agricultural Technology at the Itakpe campus of the Polytechnic,” she said. She said that the newly-approved school would commence academic activities with National Diploma (ND) programmes in the 2020/2021 Session. “It will offer programmes such as Animal Health and Production Technology, Agriculture and Bio-environmental Technology, Horticultural Technology and Agricultural Technology,” Omale said. She further stated that the board also approved the constitution of three committees to handle pressing academic and disciplinary issues. They are Committees for Result Verification to be chaired by the Deputy Rector, Dr Lamidi Kehinde; the Central Examination Misconduct Committee, with Mr Stephen Rowland of the School of General Studies as chairman and the Student Disciplinary Committee to be chaired by the Director of Academic Planning, Mrs Ruth Haruna. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…” BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE