Buoyed by the cheering crowd at the flag-off of the campaign by the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, at the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Yobe State Governor Mai Mala Buni on Saturday predicted an overwhelming victory for the APC candidate in the September 19 election. Governor Buni, the National Caretaker Chairman of the APC said that the party was poised to collect what rightly belongs to it following the defection of Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) where he is seeking his re-election. Surveying the mammoth crowd, Buni said: “I am overwhelmed by the mammoth crowd and show of support for our candidate, Pastor Ize-Iyamu. I have no doubt that we will take back our state. Edo rightly belongs to us. I have no doubt that you will vote for APC again and reclaim our state.” Speaking in the same vein, Kano State Governor and national chairman of APC Campaign Council Abdullahi Ganduje said that he and his colleagues were eagerly waiting for the swearing-in of the APC candidate as his victory was as sure as tomorrow. Governor Ganduje commended the recent oath-taking by the 14 members-elect of the Edo State House of Assembly who met to elect Victor Edoror as speaker with the support of three other lawmakers who joined after resisting pressure to defect to the PDP. Impressed by the turn out of the party faithful who waited patiently for hours in the sun for the commencement of the ceremony, Ize-Iyamu declared that the party will win all the 18 local government areas of the state. The governorship candidate promised to empower Edo people and develop the state, noting that he intends to campaign vigorously in all the 18 local government areas starting from Monday, August 10. Also at the event were governors of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu; Ogun State,  Dapo Abiodun; Osun State, Gboyega Oyetola; Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu and Imo State, Hope Uzodinma. Others are Kebbi State governor and chairman of APC Governor’s Forum, Atiku Bagudu; Kaduna State governor, Nasir el Rufai; Niger State governor, Abubakar Bello; Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amechi; Kogi State deputy governor, Edward Onoja; former Edo State deputy governor, Pius Odubu and a host of others. Oshiomhole, a former governor of the state slammed Obaseki for describing Edo youths as miscreants, adding that the incumbent has signed several Memorandum of Understandings with nothing to show for them. He said that it was cause for great concern that Obaseki closed down the College of Education, Ekiadolor which he upgraded to a university, College of Agriculture, Iguoriakhi and the School of Nursing, Benin, assuring that Ize-Iyamu will reopen them if voted in. He appealed for peace, saying: “Say no to violence. Some people wore red during my election while I wore white. Red signifies blood while white is for peace. God will give us the temperament to resist their provocations.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation
FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs
In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn
The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.