The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has commended Governor Dapo Abiodun for reappointing Dr Lukman Kiadese as the Provost of the Tai Solarin College of Education (TASCE), Omu-Ijebu for a second term in office. NANS in a statement by its National Secretary, Comrade Umar Faruq in Abuja on Sunday, frowned at opposition to the renewal of the tenure of Kaidese, whose reappointment the students described as “a round peg in a round hole.” Farouq recalled that some academic staff of the college, under the auspices of “Concerned Academic Staff (CAS) had called for the sack of Kiadese, accusing him of corruption and embezzlement with the aim of discrediting him. But, the student umbrella body in Nigeria while hailing Governor Abiodun for maintaining his ground and reappointing Kiadese as the institution’s Provost, described the CAS as “a group of saboteurs and ingrates” who wanted to set the college backwards. NANS insisted that the reappointment of Kiadese as the Provost of the college of education would further bring stability and remarkable development to the institution, saying the Provost during his first tenure displayed outstanding performance, especially his efforts at repositioning and restoring the lost glory of the college. “Going by unprecedented achievements of Kiadese during his first term in office as the Provost, the Governor has made the right choice by reappointing to consolidate on his lofty achievements. ALSO READ: Customs seizes N10bn vehicles, others in Ibadan “During Kiadese’s the college of education was devoid of any unwarranted crisis under him as the provost. And the institution has also experienced unprecedented development since the appointment of Kiadese as the Provost of the institution”. “Dr Kiladese has a cordial working relationship with both Academic and Non-Academic Staffs as well all Students and the Students Union Government (SUG). NANS also described Kiadese’s reappointment as an “uncommon grace” “considering the fact that the Governor Abiodun-led administration inherited an obviously collapsed college with loads of crisis and debts and considering the fact that he (Kiadese) was appointed by the immediate past administration of Senator Ibikunle Amosun.” “But Governor Abiodun has once again exhibited an uncommon leadership acumen by looking beyond party affiliation and personal gains by reappointing Kiadese. NANS accordingly urged the Provost to justify his reappointment by consolidating on his achievements and be focused on turning around the fortunes of the school for good. The student umbrella body also charged the Governing Council of the institution to live up to its expectation and continue to make decisions that would lead to further development of the school.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE STATE OF ECONOMY: How Nigeria Is Eating Its Future, Spent Over 90% Of Revenue On Debt Servicing INDICATION that Nigeria’s economy is still in the throes of death has continued to emerge with the current low revenue it is generating from oil sale and increasing demands on its foreign debt obligation especially. The parlous state of the economy is heightened by the revelation that most of the revenue… FACT CHECK: Somalia President, Deputy DID NOT Fight In Viral VIDEO CLAIM: Somalia President, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo and his vice exchanged blows to the point of wrestling themselves to the ground. VERDICT: MISLEADING FULL STORY: Nigerian media space was abuzz on Saturday, August 15, 2020, with a viral video which claims to show President of Somalia, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo publicly exchanged blows with his vice… NBS Says 21.76m Nigerians Unemployed In 2020 THE National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) has put the total number of unemployed Nigerians at 21,764,617. The figure is contained in the bureau’s Labor Force Statistics website entitled “Unemployment and Underemployment Report (Q2 2020) released in Abuja. It referred to the report as an Abridged Labour Force Survey under COVID-19 for August 2020. According to NBS, the unemployment rate during the period under review… Our Fears As 2020 WASSCE Beckons: SS3 Students Speak On Inability To Finish Syllabus, Other Issues After a long unexpected delay occasioned by the lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic, the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) will begin in 19,129 accredited centres nationwide on August 17. Some candidates hoping to write the examination spoke with IMOLEAYO OYEDEYI and ADEOLA OTEMADE on their fears and expectations… FG’s Renewed Tax Drive Will Do More Harm Than Good To Businesses —Muda Yusuf, DG, LCCI The Director-General, Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), Dr Muda Yusuf, speaks with AKIN ADEWAKUN on the state of the nation’s economy, the various efforts of the federal government to breathe life into it, and why the renewed aggressive tax drive it recently embarked upon might be an anathema to the growth of the industrial sector since it targets investors more than the consumers… SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE