The Lagos State Commissioner for health, Professor Akin Abayomi has tested negative for COVID-19. This was contained in a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Gbenga Omotoso. According to the statement, the commissioner retook the COVID-19 test yesterday and the result came back negative, hence, he will be returning to his full duties gradually. The statement reads; It is with gratitude to God that I announce the recovery and subsequent negative test for COVID-19 of the Honorable Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi. Following the mandatory isolation, the Commissioner retook a COVID-19 PCR test which returned negative yesterday evening. Professor Abayomi is very grateful and humbled by the deep concern shown and expressed by Executive Council members, civil servants, Lagos residents, Nigerians, both locally and in the diaspora, through prayers, messages, phone calls and gifts. ALSO READ: Ember months: FRSC issues travel advisory He will be returning to his full duties gradually and remains resolute in delivering the mandate of Mr Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, whom he says stood by him steadfastly in these trying times and is very appreciative of. Governor Sanwo-Olu, the incident commander, is excited by the news and urges Lagosians to realise that COVID-19 is still with us; they should keep obeying the guidelines- watching their hands, wearing face masks and avoiding large gatherings, among others.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…