Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists of Nigeria (AMLSN) has called for the equipping of laboratories in our hospitals in order to contain the COVID-19 pandemic ravaging the country. The National Secretary of the association, Professor James Garba Damen made the call during their Northern meeting held in Kaduna at the weekend. He appealed to Federal and states’ governments to equip the laboratories with vital machines such as real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction and Molecular Biology laboratory facilities to increase its chances of quickly nipping in the bud of recurrence of an epidemic or pandemic in the future. Damen also called for improved recognition of medical laboratory scientists as front liners in the fight against Covid-19 pandemic. “Medical laboratory scientists are front liners in the fight against Covid-19 pandemic. What we want is the government to restructure our laboratories to contain highly infectious COVID-19 equipment, molecular biology laboratory facilities and real-time PCR. According to him, most hospitals in the country don’t have the PCR machine and molecular biology laboratory, saying this is prolonging the treatment of covid-19 in the country. The National Secretary who is also one of the presidential aspirants in their next election lamented that medical scientists need to be integrated into the Presidential Task Force on covid-19 as front liners. “We advocated that our association is supposed to be integrated into the Presidential Task Force as front liners in the Covid-19 pandemic. ‘Some state governments have already identified and recognised the role of medical laboratory scientists in the Covid-19 pandemic and included our members among the state committees. “Medical laboratory scientists play key roles in the Covid-19 pandemic apart from conducting the initial test, even when the test is positive and the patient is infected and in isolation, medical laboratory scientists are supposed to carry out investigations on blood count to know if the patient has overcome the disease.” He lamented the poor recognition accorded to medical laboratory scientists amongst other challenges said. I have worked in teaching hospitals, in the academics and in research institutes, most of the challenges faced by our colleagues I’m aware of them. “Our main challenge is with pathologists who failed to give recognition to medical laboratory scientists. We have our scheme of service but most hospitals are governed by medical doctors who refused to implement our scheme of service. We will apply diplomacy and dialogue in resolving the challenge. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state…Medical scientists Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world…Medical scientists The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them…Medical scientists We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate…Medical scientists Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption…Medical scientists Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.