FOLLOWING the directives by the Federal Government for the engagement of Special Constabularies for Community Policing nationwide, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister, Malam Mohammad Musa Bello has called for a functional and equitable distribution of the volunteers across the FCT based on the needs of the communities. Malam Bello made this known, on Sunday, in a statement made available to journalists in Abuja by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Anthony Ogunleye. He also called for the active involvement of the Area Council Chairmen and Traditional rulers in the recruitment and deployment processes. The minister, according to the statement, who spoke during the submission of the modalities for implementation of the programme by the FCT Commissioner of Police, Mr Bala Ciroma, at the FCT Security Committee Meeting in Abuja, thanked the heads of the various security formations in the territory for their support in maintaining security. He said: “I want to acknowledge the full support we have enjoyed from your men and women in the field, either in respect of our various task forces that were established as well as your fight against crime and criminality and your overall support in all aspects of our work whenever we call you to service.” Also speaking, the Commissioner of Police, Mr Ciroma, said the main functions of the Community Constabularies are crime detection and prevention, settlement of low-level civil disputes and petty crimes, criminal intelligence gathering and dissemination to the local police commanders, dealing with minor offences and social vices, assist in traffic management and school safety duties amongst others. According to him, the Community Constabularies are also to operate only within the communities in which they are recruited and are not permitted to operate outside of these locations, adding that the Police Force will train the volunteers and provide them with uniforms and means of identification. The meeting had in attendance, the Minister of State, FCT, Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, the Permanent Secretary, FCTA, Sir Chinyeaka Ohaa, the Executive Secretary, FCDA, Engineer Umar Gambo Jibrin as well as the Chief of Staff to the Minister, Malam Bashir Mai-Bornu. Others were the heads of the various security formations in the FCT, Area Council Chairmen, traditional and religious leaders as well as senior management staff of the FCT. The minister, however, used the occasion to welcome the new Commander of the Army Headquarters Garrison, Major General A. T. Hamman, who took over from Major General J.G. K Myam, who has since been re-deployed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’?
A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state…Police recruitment Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red
THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world…Police recruitment The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training
MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them…Police recruitment We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US
THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate…Police recruitment Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency
The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption…Police recruitment Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.