 An 11-year-old Nigerian boy went viral a few weeks ago when millions of people watched a video of him dancing ballet barefoot in the rain — and now the talented youngster has won a scholarship to New York’s prestigious American Ballet Theatre, the Daily Mail of UK reported on Tuesday.  Anthony Mmesoma Madu from Lagos captivated social media users — including celebrities like Viola Davis and Cynthia Erivo — with his dedication to the dance, and his ability to pull of stunning moves in the rain without any shoes on. Now, thanks to the international attention the video has received, the pre-teen will train ABT online this summer as he prepares to travel to the United States for more training in 2021. In the clip, he is seen outside his dance studio, Leap of Dance Academy, practicing on muddy pavement that is wet from rain. He’s barefoot, in shorts and a tank top, but dances masterfully, spinning, leaping, and doing arabesques. “Ballet is my life. When I am dancing, I feel as if I am on top of the world,” he told Reuters. “Any time my mum sends me on an errand, I dance ballet before I go to that place and it makes me feel very, very happy. I so much love ballet.” Social media users were impressed, with Cynthia Erivo singing his praises. “They’re in Nigeria. I happen to be Nigerian as well. And I was like, this felt like a kismet moment,’ the actress, who reached out and connected with him, told NBC News. “I think it’s extremely important because I think boys are not encouraged to do this incredibly hard craft that actually encourages strength and stamina and beauty.” One person who saw the clip was Cynthia Harvey, the artistic director of the ABT Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School of Dance in New York. “A friend who lives in the UK sent me the video,” she told the Cincinnati Enquirer. “Within a day, I was trying to find him.” She managed to track him down through his teacher, 29-year-old Daniel Ajala Owoseni, who founded the Leap of Dance Academy in 2017. Harvey helped Anthony get a full scholarship to ABT’s virtual three-week Young Dancer Summer Workshop, as well as internet access so he can attend remotely. Then, next year, he’ll travel to the US to train further with a scholarship from Ballet Beyond Borders. “When my friends see me dancing, they feel like, what is this boy doing, is he doing a foreign dance?’ he told Reuters. ‘Now I have won a grand prize to go to the US in the year 2021. I am very, very happy about that. I will be in the plane and this is what I am waiting for, and ballet has done it for me.” Anthony’s parents wanted him to become a priest, but they’re supportive of his dance dreams. His mother, Ifeoma Madu, told BBC News that she has ‘joy’ when she sees him dance, and advises other parents to ‘give their full support’ to their talented children so they can ‘go far.’ Anthony’s school and teacher have also benefited from the attention. Owoseni, his instructor, will participate in a National Training Curriculum, which teaches instructors. He is also getting donations, which helps because he teaches his 12 students for free and doesn’t actually have a dedicated class space. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.