THE Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has commenced the distribution of inputs to farmers in Cross River State to cushion the effect of COVID-19 on farming activities. The distribution was fifth in the series by the ministry to farmers nationwide. Farmers during the exercise received inputs including 5,000 improved oil palm sprouted nuts, 1,500 improved cashew seeds, 20,000 cocoa seedlings, and 200 cartons of Ultimax plus. Minister of Agriculture, Alhaji Sabo Nanono stated that the distribution was to boost productivity in the agriculture sector and avert food crisis. He revealed this at the flag-off of the exercise in Calabar while adding that the ministry was working to ensure easy access to farming inputs nationwide. The intervention, he added, will target 35 per cent of women farmers in line with the National Gender Action Plan and Policies aimed at increasing opportunities for women. “The ministry and its research institutions are working towards making Nigeria self-sufficient in good quality seed and its availability to farmers as a foundation for attaining food and nutrition security. “This coupled with our efforts to improve rural infrastructure and other value chains would invariably contribute to the attainment of Mr. President’s desire to ensure easy access to quality food and nutrition by all Nigerians. “This gathering is one of our efforts to work hand in hand with state governments and other relevant stakeholders to assist in ensuring food security, economic growth, and job creation, especially in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic,” Nanono said. On his part, governor Ben Ayade lauded the ministry for the intervention stating that it will improve the productivity of farmers in the state. He urged the beneficiaries to judiciously utilise the inputs, as agriculture seeks to become the mainstay of the state’s economy.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.