We owe it to our vehicles to routinely service them to ensure that we get the highest level of efficiency out of them. Regular service checks could save resources on easily avoidable issues. As essential as this aspect of vehicle ownership is, many people tend to downplay its significance. For others, their inability to service their vehicle stems from the uncertainty of when exactly to service it. Simply put, mileage can be used to determine how frequently one should service their car. From a starting point of 4,000Km to 8,000Km, all fluids such as engine oil as well as brake and transmission fluids should be checked. Tire rotation and air filter inspection should also be a top priority. Within a range of 10,000Km and 25,000Km, servicing may extend to interior and exterior lights, wax coat, wiper blades and brake pads. Once a vehicle peaks 50,000Km and above, intensive inspections should cover the cooling system, suspension components, fuel filter, A/C system, tire treads, spark plug wires and alternator. Of all components of a service checklist, an engine oil change is vital. Being the heart of a vehicle, the car engine is under constant duress and all its parts need to be properly lubricated using clean oil with good levels of viscosity. For a simple engine oil change, you will require this short list of items: engine oil, an oil filter, an oil drain plug gasket, a jack, a spanner or socket to remove the drain plug, an oil catch pan, paper towels or rag, gloves and eye protection. You can successfully change your vehicle’s engine oil by following this comprehensive procedure: In summary, vehicle owners have to be deliberate about maintaining their vehicles on a timely basis and taking care of car engines should be a point of prime concern. It helps to consult your owner’s manual to identify the oil is the best fit for your engine because using the wrong oil can cause complex problems.  Furthermore, pay attention to unusual sounds like screeches because that may be the voice of your engine calling for help. If you tried this, please provide feedback to enable us to know how well things turned out and challenge that you encountered in the process. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…Changing your engine oil MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…Changing your engine oil 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…Changing your engine oil Changing your engine oil Changing your engine oil LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN