The Chairman of the Ondo State Interministerial Committee on COVID-19, Prof. Adesegun Fatusi, on Monday disclosed that about 400 health workers in the state that contracted the novel coronavirus had tested negative to the disease, saying no health worker has been infected with the virus recently. Fatusi who disclosed this in Akure, during a media chat with newsmen, disclosed that new set of personal protective equipment will soon be distributed to health workers in the state to prevent them from contracting the disease. Apart from this, the Chairman said the testing laboratory and the isolation centre at the medical village in Ondo town ate nearly completion, saying the two centres are at 90 per cent completion stage. According to him, all these measures by the state government were taken because of the need to comply with necessary precautions that can safeguard residents during the period. Fatusi said the Committee is currently reviewing existing guidelines, part of which will take into consideration the social, economic and political sector of the state to prevent the spread of the virus. He, however, advised religious and political leaders and other strategic stakeholders to keep to the precautionary measures against the spread of COVID-19 while carrying out their daily activities. Ahead of the forthcoming governorship election in the state, he stressed the need for political parties and other affected stakeholders to embrace other means of convincing voters, rather than encouraging mass gathering of the people or engaging in acts capable of compromising COVID-19 guidelines. He advised that where the gathering is unavoidable, the proper use of face mask, hand washing practice, use of hand sanitisers and physical distancing should be encouraged. He also appealed to religious leaders in the state to lay more emphasis on their monitoring mechanism in order to ensure that worshippers adhere to the guidelines while congregating. Fatusi who commended religious leaders for their cooperation since the outbreak of the disease in the state charged them to always abide by the rules and regulations laid down by the government. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Jibayo Adeyeye, who was represented by Mrs Toyin Adeyalo-Ogundare said about 1539 people had contracted coronavirus with about 30 death recorded in the state, while most of the patients treated had been discharged. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’
The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…400 health workers  400 health workers Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…400 health workers  400 health workers Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report
BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…400 health workers