T HIS thought about marriage crossed my mind for the first time due to the experience I had with a woman, who was ever quarrelling with her husband.  I was always praying with her that God would change her husband, so that there would be peace in the home. But, a day came that she had a display against her husband, right in the presence of my husband and I. With that display, it became dawn on us that she was the problem of her marriage. The truth of the matter is that many people are their own enemy. That is, proverbially, the insect that is destroying the vegetable is attached to it. You don’t need to look far to find solutions to the marital challenges of some people. The solutions lie within them. It can be stated that a man’s enemy is an insider.  The following reveal the hurtful things that you may be engaged in, that are destroying your marriage.”As humans, we tend to overlook our own mistakes and find faults with the other person instead. We do this often, most times without even consciously realizing it”. Taking steps to redress them will bring an end to the stress of the marriage. When you act as if your spouse has no choice but to put up with anything you do. It will eventually backfire. You will push him or her to the wall at one point, and he or she will surprise you big time by his or her reaction. Like Thomas Hardy wrote, in the book, TESS OF THE DUBERVILLES: “continual dropping will wear even a stone”. So, don’t stretch your luck too far, otherwise, you may miss the jackpot. No matter for how long you have been getting away with your irritating act, it will surely backfire one day. I remember a man who was in the habit of beating his wife, and getting away with it by apologizing. The last time he did it was what ended the marriage. So, stop taking your spouse for granted. Some people carry with them bad experiences from their past relationships into their marriage. They become insecured and suspicious of their spouses, at the slightest opportunity. For you to carry the baggage of your previous bad experience into your marriage,as a template, is inimical to the health of the marriage. Trust is the heart of every relationship, including marriage. In fact, marriage demands the highest level of trust, and this must be, if the marriage will work. One bad apple makes all apples bad treatment, should not be the case in marriage. As a matter of fact, one bad behaviour, should not be a reference point in marriage. Not learning to deal with each spouse, or each situation, on merit, will end up being hurtful to the marriage. You need to be able to have complete trust in your spouse; that is the only way your marriage will work out. “Toxicity is labelled as love so often, that most people can’t differentiate between the two. Every time you ask your partner to not go out without you because you hate being without them, YOU ARE BEING TOXIC. As harsh as it may sound, you need to realise that you cannot be a toxic person, not only will it damage the relationship, it will also harm you and your partner as individuals and you do not get to mess with another person’s mental health in the name of love” or marriage. If you find yourself flirting with other people, then you are a cheat and disloyal to your spouse. When you don’t give your spouse random access to your phone,  hiding messages, and deleting chats, then you have skeleton in your coapboard. Many people consider physical intimacy with opposite sex person outside marriage as the only form of cheating, but this is not so. Every time you do something with a person other than your spouse, and find the need to hide it from them, you’re cheating. “A loyal person is loyal every time, not as per their convenience”. *You Make Assumptions: This means jumping into conclusions about your spouse. You think you know the reasons for all of the actions of your spouse. You assume he is deliberately starving you of funds; he doesn’t love your people, and he/she doesn’t like being with you in company of his colleagues. “So many times, people ruin a completely good thing because they made an assumption about their partner.” I have come to realize that many married couples relate based on assumptions about their spouses a lot. Instead of asking for information about what has happened, we begin to conclude based on what we assume is responsible for the incidents. If you are guilty of any of the above, you may be the troubler of the peace in your marriage. So, stop blaming your spouse, and go treat yourself before you destroy your marriage. My book, enjoying great sex life, is still available for sale. Please call 08112658560 for details. My book, enjoying great sex life, is still on sale. Please call 08112658560 for details.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.