On Sunday, August 16, 2020, Kaisha became the fifth housemate to be evicted from the Betway sponsored Big Brother Naija Lockdown house. She recently embarked on a media tour of radio stations in Lagos where she discussed her experiences in the house and plans for the future. Due to her stilted relationship with the housemates, some viewers were surprised that Kaisha managed to scale past the first set of evictions, and how she was saved by the housemates during the second Eviction Night. Kaisha managed to spend four weeks in Big Brother’s house, which is no small feat. Still, her eviction came as no surprise to viewers. Kaisha explained that her eviction did not catch her by surprise either because she believed the other BBNaija housemates did not like her. Kaisha had a lot to say about her time in the house. She addressed her first BBNaija Diary Session where she broke down and cried as she complained about the other housemates being fake. She said that her expectations about being in the house were very different from the reality she experienced there. ‘At a point, I was bothered because I wanted to be understood but the housemates didn’t want to understand me.’ ALSO READ: UCH debuts with reusable PPE to protect health workers At the last party, it seemed as though there was some sort of chemistry between Kaisha and Neo, but she corrected everyone on that score – Neo was the first person in the house who made an effort to get to know her, so she likes him, but has no romantic feelings for him. Despite being evicted, Kaisha says if she could go back to the house, she would not change anything but would go on being her usual self. In her opinion, this might have been why she got booted out of the house – she was being herself and the housemates saw her as a threat to get rid of. ‘They can’t stand the heat and they had to let me go… If I had one more week in the house, I would have won the show.’ About the housemates she left behind in the BBNaija Lockdown house, Kaisha thinks most of the romantic relationships are not real but are only strategies to win the show. She also said that Erica was choosing Kiddwaya over Laycon because he was more financially buoyant. When asked which housemate would win the show, Kaisha told us she would be betting on Dorathy because she was being her authentic self. Kaisha is grateful to the organisers of Big Brother Naija for the opportunity given to her, but now that she’s out of the house, she plans to continue her education, grow her skincare business, and delve into the world of entertainment. Betway is the headline sponsor of Big Brother Naija and continues to add to the thrill of the BBNaija experience through a variety of gaming activities, both on the TV show and on Betway platforms – all of which give viewers the chance to play and win.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN