The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 as well as those on essential duties to resume full duties. Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, gave the directive in a circular on Monday in Abuja. Currently, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above go to offices, and work for just three days a week, as part of measures to curtail the spread of COVID-19. Yemi-Esan, in the circular, said that workers affected would resume work from Monday to Friday, and be in the office from 8 am to 4 pm as usual. The new development follows a directive by the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) on COVID-19, urging workers to resume full working hours and days. The PTF had, however, said that consideration must be given to the health implication of the number to recall for duties, in the light of the extant guidelines on the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Yemi-Esan asked Chief Executive Officers to ensure full compliance with the directives on the COVID-19 pandemic preventive measures, including physical distancing, regular washing and/or sanitising of hands and wearing of facemasks. She said that efforts should be made to avoid overcrowding in individual offices. Yemi-Esan said that where the number of staff resuming work was large, Permanent Secretaries and Chief Executive Officers should consider the option of duty rosters. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… FG directs civil servants School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… FG directs civil servants Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.