The Ogun State Government is set to introduce Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) services between Ota, Mowe/Ibafo and Lagos, so as to encourage the usage of  public transport. Stating this on Wednesday, was the State Commissioner for Transportation, Engineer Gbenga Dairo, in his remarks at the stakeholders’ meeting organised by Future Cities of Nigeria (FCN), in collaboration with the state government, held in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. Dairo maintained that development of urban and rural transport system is key to the Dapo Abiodun -led administration, in its quest to make the state a thriving global one with a high-quality living environment. The commissioner also noted that the state is working with private sector partners to commence Park and Ride services in Mowe/Ibafo corridor. “A greater push towards using public transport and reducing car usage will contribute significantly towards a better quality of life for our people just as we seek to make public transport a choice mode for all commuters, including car owners with a view to divisively maintaining a sustainable and high-quality living environment. “We shall invest in both the quality and capacity of the public transport system knowing well that transport system unit is critical in our quest for a quality system. We will have the entire public transport system planned as a whole and not as separate parts, integrating travel information and fares as a way to better serve commuters,” Dairo added. He promised that the FCN project will be applicable and replicated in Ijebu-Ode; Sagamu; Ilaro; Ogijo; Akute; Agbara and Ota. The team lead, Abeokuta Transport Intervention, Dr George Banjo, said the Future Cities in Nigeria had developed a policy for improving public transport services in Nigeria. Banjo said the meeting was an excellent platform for stakeholders’ to come together and chart a course towards sustainable urban environments that would enhance inclusive economic growth.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN