Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has said the state government paid July salary to civil servants ahead of the Eid-el- Kabir celebration despite a garnishee order on its account by an Abuja Federal High Court. A garnishee order is a common form of enforcing a judgment debt against a creditor to recover money. Sule stated this while receiving members of the Correspondents’ Chapel of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Nasarawa State Council, in Gudi, his country home. He said that his administration was committed to the welfare of civil servants, adding it had to make special arrangements with banks’ top management in order to pay salaries. The governor explained that the garnishee order arising from litigation by some pensioners over accumulated gratuity was unfortunate as the government had negotiated with the pensioners and started gradual payment of the gratuity. He said that the order came at a very embarrassing period when the government had concluded arrangement to pay salaries of civil servants to enable them to celebrate Eid-el-Kabir, saying the government had to make alternative arrangement in order to pay the salaries. “But I am happy to tell you that we were able to pay salaries to civil servants in the state. “When we received the garnishee order, I starting calling the headquarters of most of these banks to make arrangements with their top management for the payment of salaries to our staff,” he said. He said the government also made another arrangement to pay pensions as from August 3, adding that initial funding arrangement could not cover payment of pensions. Sule said that his administration was committed to the overall development of the state through private sector investment, hence the drive to make it an economic hub for revenue generation rather than depending on federal allocation for survival. He pointed out the government’s determination to provide the necessary infrastructure that would attract investors, create employment and improve the livelihood of citizens. The governor appreciated the chapel for the visit and urged journalists to continue to educate the public on the government’s policies and programmes for development to thrive. Earlier, Mr Isaac Ukpoju, chairman of the chapel, said the visit was to identify with the governor on the Eid-el-Kabir celebration. Ukpoju assured the governor of journalists’ support to enable his administration to succeed in delivering good governance to the people of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that a Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, had on July 29, garnished the Nasarawa State’s Account following a case filed by some pensioners over non-payment of their gratuity. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Attacks Salami Panel •Accuses Panel Of Using Looters Against Him SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has accused the presidential panel probing the activities of the anti-graft commission under his leadership of being hostile to him anytime he attempts to take up issue with those testifying against him…Read Full Story Nigeria Records New 462 COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 43,151 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 462 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. The 462 new cases have brought the nation’s confirmed cases of COVID-19 infection to 43,151… Read Full Story No Inch Of Yoruba Land Will Be Ceded To FG’s Creditors —Afenifere THE pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Friday declared that no inch of Yoruba land will be ceded to creditors of the Federal Government should there be reasons for its creditors to make such demands… Read Full Story Naira Marley Has Delivered On His Promise Of N1m To Me —Actor, Jude Chukwuka For actor, emcee and orator, Jude Ogomegbulem Chukwuka, he is a connector between the old and younger generations. Fame smiled on him recently as he became the talk of the town and everyone wanted to know more about his personality. In this chat with FEMI OGUNTAYO, the Delta-Igbo man, who is in his late… Read Full Story Oshiomhole’s Jolly Ride In Raw Realism IF you allow a lamb unfettered freedom to jump as he likes, he might end up breaking his tender legs. These were the words my grandfather used when he once remonstrated with a young, freedom-seeking me. It felt very picturesquely different and was piercing in a new way because I had just relocated from Ibadan… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE