Professor Folashade Ogunsola is a professor of Clinical Microbiology, College of Medicine, University of Lagos, Nigeria. Before the election, Ogunsola was the deputy vice-chancellor, development studies, University of Lagos. Before her appointment as the deputy VC, she had served as the provost of the College of Medicine, the University of Lagos for four years; making her the first female person to occupy that position. She was born in 1958 and was raised within the University of Ibadan where her father was a lecturer. She bagged her first degree in Medicine and Surgery at Obafemi Awolowo University, the then the University of Ife between 1974 and I982. She obtained her master’s degree from the College of Medicine, University of Lagos and then proceeded to the University of Wales between 1992 to 1997 for her PhD. Her research interest and work has centred around the diagnosis and prevention of infectious diseases and antibiotic resistance, particularly HIV/AIDS. She has for two decades been involved in raising awareness on Infection Control in Nigeria. She was a founding member of the Nigerian Society for Infection Control in 1998 and has assisted in setting up infection control programs in institutions around the country. She is a member of the Global Infection Prevention and Control Network. On August 24, 2020, the Senate of the University of Lagos at a meeting attended by 167 professors, elected Professor Folasade Ogunsola as Acting Vice-Chancellor.  She polled 135 votes to defeat Professor Ben Oghojafor, Deputy Vice-Chancellor Management Services, who got 31 votes  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost…