Tentatively, the Lagos State government has fixed September 21 for the reopening of secondary and primary schools in the state, while tertiary schools owned by the state are likely to reopen a week earlier. To this end, stakeholders in the education sector have started expressing their mixed feelings on the development. Though a majority of those who spoke to Tribune Online on Sunday said they received the news as a welcome development as they are fully prepared for resumption, a few, especially parents of students in public schools still seeing those schools as not totally safe at this time since COVID-19 is still raging. The state recorded the first index case of the virus six months ago, after which it shut down not only schools but all activities in the state to curtail the spread of the disease. Speaking separately in an exclusive interview with our correspondent, the chairman of Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT), Lagos State chapter, Mr Adedoyin Adesina; President of the National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS), Lagos State, Mr Olawale Mohammed, and his counterpart in charge of League of Muslim School Proprietors (LEAMSP), Mr Fatai Raheem, as well as President of Association of Formidable Educational Development (AFED), Mr Orji Kanu have all expressed their full preparation towards reopening. Similarly, the Head of Press and information department of Lagos State University (LASU), Ojo, Mr Ademola Adekoya, also told our correspondent that the university had been waiting all along for the announcement as it has fully prepared. They said they were not afraid as there is nothing to worry about than for each of them as stakeholders and government to live up to their respective roles in making sure that all given safety guidelines and protocols against the spread of COVID-19 are adhered to by all concerned statewide. They said it was a good news that the state had not recorded any case among students sitting for the ongoing West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) since the commencement. They said it was not only that the state government has carried them along on the decision making as regards general reopening of schools, but also that the positive outcome received from the SS3 students who are writing exam also informed the development. The NUT boss explained that even though the September 21 reopening date is still uncertain for primary and secondary schools, the reopening would be in phases, beginning with JSS3 and Primary six pupils and then others. But some parents spoke to Tribune Online said the government would need to do more on its schools as many of them are overcrowded and their facilities would likely be overstretched when all students are back in schools. They said they were doubtful if the principle of social/physical distancing would be possible in most of the classrooms with more than 80 students. One of them, Deacon Olusoji Adams, a former southwest coordinator of National Parent-Teacher Association of Nigeria, said the government would need to supply schools more chairs and tables, and also to embark on aggressive sensitisation to educate the students how to play safe both in and out of schools. They said though children would not continue to stay at home for life more so that government almost reopened economic generally, their safety is sacrosanct.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate … lagos schools | lagos schools |