The Debt Management Office (DMO) has announced the resumption of its Offer of the Federal Government of Nigeria Savings Bond (FGN Savings Bond) effective August 2020. In a statement, on Thursday, DMO explained that it was constrained to suspend the monthly offers of the FGN Savings Bond in April 2020 due to the restrictions on activities and movement as part of measures adopted by the Government to curtail the spread of COVID-19. “The general public is invited to look out for the advert of the Offer for Subscriptions in various newspapers and the DMO’s website. “The offer for subscription will open on Monday, August 10, 2020, and close on Friday, August 14, 2020. “Investors are encouraged to continue saving through the FGN Savings Bond, as they attract good incomes and are secure, being a Sovereign instrument, whilst also, contributing to national development,” the statement added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… DMO resumes FGN savings Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… DMO resumes FGN savings Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.