AN industrial agriculture company, Spring Plantation and Processing Company (SPPC), has unveiled its industrial agriculture initiative that will enable people’s participation and creation of a truly private sector initiative. According to the the company, the agribusiness activity is to take root in south west Nigeria from where it will extend its reach globally by taking comparative advantages which its locations will offer. The operations of the company will enable delivery of over 100,000 hectares of crop production component that will serve other agriculture value chain components in a vertically-integrated and well-interlinked manner. The company’s operation strategy is a brainchild of international business consultants and technical professionals with many years of hands-on experience in agribusiness and related fields of endeavour. To complement its direct crop production in the agrarian communities of south-west states, the company shall also mobilise farmers for its outgrower scheme. Few days back, the company finalised discussions and signed Memorandum of Understanding and Agreement (MOU&A) with Osun State farmers. This will enable the company work with about 1,500 farmers for grains production in the State. Farmers in other south-west states shall likewise be mobilised to work with SPPC in their respective states. The outgrower scheme programme will include training and development of the farmers for skills transfers; while its ultimate goal is to create a commercially viable, profitable and sustainable outgrowers operation for the mobilised farmers within community-friendly environment in each of the south-west states where dedicated and responsible workforce will ensure the success of the farming scheme through a sense of ownership that will also benefits the host communities, the states and the country as a whole. The modified-Angolan outgrowers operations is a comprehensive and realistic approach to farming, and is based on tested operations and models in Africa which SPPC technical experts and other operation team members had been part of. The model will make possible ease of farmer engagement for shared wealth, rural community development and employment generation among all stakeholders. According to the SPPC spokesperson, “while each operation of the agribusiness project will be beneficial and profitable in its own right, the holistic vertically-integrated planning approach will result in the interdependence of the components and provide great leverage for players, stakeholders and industrial scale grain crop users in Nigeria”. Also to enable investors’ participation, the company has unveiled its Farmholders initiative through the website, www.farmholders.com. This initiative will allow individuals, corporate and group investors to participate in primary crop production with ease. The FarmHolders initiative  will serve as the platform that offers agribusiness investors, men and women from all over the world the opportunity to participate as investors in the vertically-integrated agric value chain activity.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN