A 40-year-old driver, Felix Ibe, on Tuesday appeared in a Wuse Zone Six Chief Magistrates’ Court, for allegedly assaulting and biting a Federal Road Safety Corps ( FRSC) official. The police charged Ibe, who resides at opposite St. Matthew Catholic Church, Karmo, Abuja, with two counts of assault and causing grievous hurt. The Prosecution Counsel, ASP Peter Ejike, told the court that the defendant committed the offence on Aug. 5, on the Herbert Macaulay Way, Wuse Zone 5, Abuja. Ejike alleged that the defendant attacked Mr James Owocho, attached to FRSC R-S- 71 Federal Sector Police Station while performing his duty with his team. ALSO READ: COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume He said Owocho, apprehended the defendant on a traffic offence. The prosecutor said while the defendant was asked to drive to the FRSC office, he drove the complainant to an unknown destination and fought him and bit him on the arm. The offence, he said, contravened the provisions of sections 265 and 242 of the Penal Code Law. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty. The Magistrate, Abdulmajid Oniyangi, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N500,000, with one surety in like sum. He ordered that the surety must depose to an affidavit of means, submit his/her passport photograph in the court’s registry and the address must also be verified by court officials. Oniyangi adjourned the case until Sept. 10, for further hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.