The United State Government on Tuesday donated over 200 brand-new, leading-edge ventilators to the Federal Government, to help Nigeria fight the deadly COVID-19 pandemic. This is in fulfilment of the promise made by the President of the United States, Donald Trump to the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari. The US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mary Beth Leonard, officially handed over the 200 brand-new, leading-edge ventilators to the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire on Tuesday, in support of Nigeria’s efforts to fight the COVID-19 pandemic. Dr Ehanire presided over the ceremony at the Abuja Premier Medical Warehouse, where the ventilators were donated. He was accompanied by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha and the US Agency for International Development (USAID) Mission Director, Stephen M. Haykin. In collaboration with USAID and the Presidential Task Force, the Federal Ministry of Health will coordinate the expedient delivery, transportation and placement of the ventilators in COVID-19 treatment centres and intensive care units across the country. “This donation, and the many other health and humanitarian assistance programs offered from the American people over the years, is just one component of the strong cooperation between our two governments,” Ambassador Leonard said at the ceremony. Leonard added: “I laud Nigeria’s efforts in taking early action to mitigate the spread of COVID-19. I hope to see Nigeria continue this trajectory, as an example for other African nations to follow.” The ventilators are compact, deployable, and will provide Nigeria with flexibility in treating COVID-19 patients. USAID is also funding a support package that includes accompanying equipment, medical supplies, technical assistance, and service plans. Since the onset of the pandemic, the United States has provided Nigeria more than $54 million in COVID-19 assistance and will continue to support Nigeria’s prevention and response efforts, both now and in the future. For over half a century, the United States has been the largest contributor to global health security and humanitarian assistance. USAID is on the frontlines in providing funding and technical assistance in maternal, newborn and child health, and in supporting countries, including Nigeria, in the battles against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, Malaria and now COVID-19.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.