Members of the Ikeja Aviation Lions Club have distributed items aimed at preventing the COVID-19 pandemic to passengers and workers at the General Aviation Terminal of the Murtala Mohammed airport, Ikeja, with a plea to continue observing social distancing. Members of the Ikeja Aviation Lions Club led by the president, Mr AbdulRahman Musa, while distributing hand sanitizers, and nose masks to air passengers and workers at the airport terminal, said it was their own little way of contributing to help create more awareness in preventing the spread of COVID-19 Musa while pleading with travelers to always maintain social distancing at the airports and other places said it was a passing phase as the pandemic will not leave the people especially when all protocols were observed. He disclosed that the distribution of the hand sanitizers and face masks was part of the Lions Club’s monthly activity in the series of events lined up for the one calendar year, adding that they were out to  improve the lives of people especially the elderly and the less privileged around their zone through humanitarian activities. The terminal manager of the GAT, Mr Aderigbibe Adekunle, who received the items before members of the Ikeja Aviation Lions Club commenced the distributions, expressed joy and commended the club for their humanitarian service. Adekunle who described it as a welcome development said it would help in preventing the spread of the Coronavirus even as he urged other bodies to emulate the club’s gesture.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.