Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State has forwarded two new names as Commissioner nominees to fill the two vacant position in his cabinet. Governor Tambuwal nominated Mohammed Mainasara Ahmad and Abubakar Maikudi Ahmad as Commissioners in the state cabinet. This is contained in a statement signed by the special adviser on media and publicity to Governor Muhammad Bello and released to journalists in the state on Monday. Bello further said Gov. Tambuwal has forwarded the names of the duo to the Sokoto State House of Assembly (SOHA) for screening and confirmation. It would be recalled that two positions for commissioner have been vacant as a result of political mobility of one occupant and the demise of the other. The positions: Budget and Economic Planning, as well as, Lands and Housing are currently being supervised by substantive commissioners. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…commissioner nominees commissioner nominees Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…commissioner nominees commissioner nominees Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…commissioner nominees  commissioner nominees