The Federal government has discontinued the use of plastic national identity card in preference for the digital format. The measure is based on the need to fully go digital and also save the nation scare foreign exchange. Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, disclosed this at the presidential villa, Abuja shortly after submitting the report of the committee on Citizen Data Management and Harmonization to President Muhammadu Buhari. He said the National Identification Number (NIN) issued to Nigerians by the Nigerian Identify Management Commission (NIMC) will take the place of the plastic card. Aregbesola explained that this is part of Citizen Data Management and Harmonisation programme of the government to bring the country’s identity management in line with modern standards. The minister added: “The card is just for convenience; the real thing is the number you have. With that number, you are on the databank, everything about you is there. “We are just upgrading it such that your DNA too will be there very soon. Even if you are in a car, I will know if you are the one in the car with your DNA, it’s already captured. You are already captured, you cannot run away anymore. “ Speaking along the same line, the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy of Nigeria, Isa Patami, stressed that the plastic card has been abandoned. He stated: “What the chairman (Aregbesola) is saying now is that we are no more talking about cards, the world has gone digital, so that card is no more. ALSO READ: Family holds private burial for Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General “Our priority now is digital ID, it will be attached to your database wherever you are. So, if you can memorize it by heart, wherever you go that central database domiciled with NIMC will be able to provide the number and each of your data will be provided. “Now, our focus is no longer on producing cards, that card is only for record but what is important is that the digital ID and if you notice we have started using the digital ID on an international passport. Once you have the digital ID but not the card, we are 100 per cent done with you. “ In his remark, the Director-General of NIMC Aliyu Aziz said Nigeria has adopted the global trend, which will, in turn, save the nation scare forex spent in producing the cards. He said: “With your national ID you are already identified, in the US it is called social security number, the same with UK and India, they can control more than 1.3 billion people in about seven minutes. So we have found that this card is strenuous, it is forex that is going out of the country and we are in the 21st century and that is why we are focusing on national identification number and other identifications by other agencies have been linked to NIMC.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed … FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states… Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in… FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset… UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting… Audit Query: NPA Recovers $89 Million, N2.404 Billion Outstanding Rental Debts Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA) on Wednesday disclosed that it has recovered whooping sums of $89 million and N2.404 billion outstanding debt owed by some corporate organisations. Managing Director, NPA, Hadiza Bala Usman disclosed this during the investigative hearing held at the instance of the House Committee on Public Accounts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE