Contrary to speculations that the new acting Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos((UNILAG), Akoka, Professor Omololu Soyombo,  who had said that he would assume office on Monday for his appointment to take immediate effect, was not on  seat at the senate building where the office of the VC is. Similarly, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, who said his purported sack as the vice-chancellor of the university by the institution’s governing council last Wednesday should be disregarded as he is still in charge of the affairs of the university, was also not on seat. Tribune Online visited the university and went around the campus including to the Senate building and the Faculty of Social Sciences. While Professor Ogundipe was reportedly in Abuja, Professor Soyombo was said to be having a meeting with some officers of the university in his office at the Faculty of Social Sciences. One Mr Odetola Phillips, who claimed to be the Personal Assistant to Professor Soyombo, told journalists at the faculty reception that his principal was having a meeting that would take long hours and therefore wouldn’t be able to talk to any journalist for the day. “You can come back on Wednesday or he would let you know when he would be available for interview,” Mr Phillips said of his principal. “And he would also tell you where the interview will take place.” However, our correspondent observed that even though many uniformed policemen with three pickup vans were stationed at the main gate with some plain clothe detectives also on ground inside the campus apparently to prevent the foreseeable breakdown of law and order, people were moving freely in and out of the campus without any harassment. At the senate building, only a few officers were seen and the senate members who had resolved at their emergency meeting last Thursday to be resuming at the Senate foyer daily, for now, were not also around. The chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Universities(ASUU) of the branch, Dr Dele Ashiru, told Tribune Online at the ASUU secretariat that the lecturers and the other staff unions including the senate of the institution still maintained their earlier joint position that Professor Ogundipe is still the vice-chancellor of UNILAG and that his office is not vacant. He insisted that due diligence must be followed to sack even junior officer of the university let alone the vice-chancellor. According to him, nobody is against probing of any officer nor his or her removal if found of wrongdoing in the line of duties, but there are procedures for such and not that somebody will just wake up one day just as Babalakin did and take law into his own hands. “UNILAG is more than that,” he stressed. Dr Ashiru, who teaches political science, however, called on the Minister of Education, Mr Adamu Adamu, to come out with government position on the matter without further delay. “It is necessary for the government to act now so as to put an end to the imbroglio,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians
BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…Calm at UNILAG MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence
Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…Calm at UNILAG 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide
TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…Calm at UNILAG SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader
THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors…Calm at UNILAG SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE