Angered by the inaction of President Muhammadu Buhari and the anti-corruption agencies over the high-level of corruption uncovered at the Niger Delta Development Agency (NDDC), the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) and the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC), labour has resolved to embark on a nationwide protest by next week. Speaking during a media chat with journalists in Abuja over the weekend, the President of Trade Union Congress (TUC), Comrade Quadri Olaleye, has, therefore, called on all workers and Nigerians to prepare for a nationwide protest over unresolved issues of corruption in the country. Already, the TUC President, who hinted that the nationwide protest will take place in the second week of August, disclosed that labour has already begun mobilization of the workers; while also working together with the civil society organizations across the country. He pointed out that the congress, for example, has been meeting with all its states executives and the civil society organizations to sensitize their members and Nigerians on the protest, adding that the fight is for all Nigerians. The TUC president said: “We have had meetings with our state executives and other civil society organizations, we are on sensitization level now. The fight is for all of us. We can’t fold our hands to allow the country to continue being run the way it is. We will give an ultimatum to the government.” When asked about the specific time of the action, he said: “By the second week in August, we should be able to mobilise our people to move out to start that protest.” He regretted that President Buhari and the anti-corruption agencies have refused to take specific action especially on the NDDC and the EFCC, adding that the purpose of the protest, therefore, is to ensure that the Presidency take decisive action on the issue of corruption not only in NDDC, NSITF and the EFCC but all through the system of governance. He said, “our aim for the protest is to enforce the Presidency and the anti-corruption agencies to take immediate action that would stop other people from going to that trade. They ( President and the anti-corruption agencies) are all silent. We want to enforce them to take action immediately. If action is not taken, others will see it as an opportunity.” Comrade Olaleye pointed out that Labour is also a partner in running the economy of the nation, as the majority of the populace are workers. ALSO READ: UN worries as explosives kill 230 Nigerians He lamented that only 10 per cent of the society represents the politicians, who unfortunately hold the wealth of the country to their own advantage instead of to the advantage of the masses. The TUC President said: “Recently, we have been battling with a lot of corruption issues in the country, and we have seen clips that are very embarrassing to our nation and the question we on the labour side ask ourselves is that for how long are we going to continue. “The pandemic has further exposed our country especially on the love of government to the people and I can tell you it shows that our politicians are not our friends. Their posture shows that they are very selfish people, they don’t care for us even though we are the ones that voted them into the office to run the affairs of the nation on our behalf. “In the NDDC, the money meant for development ended up in the hands of a few people. Procedures on giving out contracts were not followed and contracts in NDDC became a sharing lot to some cabals, some few elements in the country. “We have started mobilizing workers around the country, and the civil society organizations to make sure that we say no to the level of corruption in our country. Even if they embezzled the money and invest in our country, it would have been advantageous to us but after stealing all the money, they invest the money abroad. That is why we are not seeing a positive impact on the economy.” The TUC President also appealed to the Federal Government not to merge or reduce the number of ministries and parastatals as being planed. Olaleye said: “A country that is facing a high rate of unemployment and now the pandemic, you are now bringing the issue of implementing a report that has to reduce the numbers of ministries and parastatals that the country has. “What that will lead to is definitely redundancy, even without government implementing that now, private sectors, the organised private sectors and others have started implementing the voice of the government.” He added: “In the Tourism and Entertainment industry, a lot of our members are owed without salary. I have reported the issue of the airport hotel in Lagos. This is an investment owned by about six South-West states, and the owner of that business, they are governors that are supposed to care for their people but now, they send everybody home without any pay. Are they really representing us?”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom? After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense! MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE