Kwara State Government has donated hand sanitisers for distribution to schools across the state as exit class students begin examinations amid the COVID-19 pandemic. The state government donated 50,000 pieces of 200ml sanitizers and another set of 2,000 pieces of (one) 1 litre of hand sanitisers for distribution to schools across the state. Medical experts have recommended physical distancing, constant hand washing, use of alcohol-based hand sanitisers, and face masks, among others, as some of the measures to flatten the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic. “These sanitisers are to be distributed to schools across the state as our SS3 students started their West African Examination Council examinations today and very soon the JSS3 students will also start their exams,” Secretary to the State Government, Prof Saba Mamman Jibril said at the brief handover ceremony. ALSO READ:  Stop wanton killings, residents of 500 Unit, Ganaja village appeal to Gov Bello Jibril, who recalled that the state had earlier given out 65,000 face masks to the students and teachers, handed the sanitisers to the Kwara State Commissioner for Education and Human Capital Development, Hajia Fatimah Bisola Ahmed. “Now we are presenting to the Honourable Commissioner 50,000 hand sanitisers of 200ml for distribution to schools. Another consignment 2000 sanitisers (one litre) are also going to schools. “The COVID-19 pandemic is still here and the government is trying its best to counter it. We appreciate Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq for the prompt approval and releases of the sanitizers for the fight against COVID-19 in the state.” Prof. Saba urged school authorities to continue to advise the students to comply with various safety protocols to stay alive. “We urge principals to ensure that the students use these items. Our students must not be careless just because they are writing exams. They must use their face masks at all times. They are the end-users of these items.” Ahmed, on her part, said the 65000 face masks earlier presented by the state government had been distributed while the hand sanitisers would be evenly distributed to all the schools in the state. “I want to commend Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq for his proactiveness in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in the state. I want to assure the public that the sanitisers will be evenly distributed to the schools across the state,” she added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE