The Ondo State House of Assembly on Tuesday suspended the lawmaker representing Ondo West Constituency 1, Honourable Leonard Tomide Akinribido, for allegedly conducting himself in a manner that could ridicule the House. Akinribido, the only member on the platform of Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) was suspended over gross misconduct and use of vulgar words in the hallowed chamber. The suspension of the lawmaker is coming few weeks after three lawmakers of the State House of Assembly were suspended for a similar offence. The three lawmakers suspended earlier include the Deputy Speaker of the House, Hon. Iroju Ogundeji, Favour Semilore Tomomewo and Adewale Williams Adewinle. A source within the House of Assembly said Akinribido suspension might not be unconnected with the impeachment moves by the lawmakers in the House of Assembly. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bayelsa govt trains teachers for safe reopening of schools He explained that the suspended lawmaker had lambasted other lawmakers involved in the impeachment moves, condemning their actions over the impeachment process of the deputy governor, Hon. Agboola Ajayi. He said Akinribido had called on the leadership of the House to suspend him if they feel threatened with his position on the impeachment moves embarked upon by the lawmakers. However, Akinribido has been ordered to drop all official documents in his care while he was ordered to abstain from the premises of the Assembly complex while the suspension lasts. He said the lawmaker suspension was sequel to series of attack on the lawmakers on social media and said the leadership of the House felt he had brought disrepute to the leadership of the Assembly and its members. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfil his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE