The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), on Tuesday, began the demolition of about 102 houses built on the waterway at Giri-Kpasere, in Gwagwalada Area Council of the territory, following last week’s flood disaster that claimed a family of five. Deputy Director, Monitoring and Enforcement, Department of Development Control (DDC), Garba Kwamkur, who addressed newsmen during the demolition, said with the recent forecast of more rains and consequential flooding that would affect the area, the government could not spare the houses anymore. He lamented that the illegal houses have been marked for demolition for more than one year now, and that government had given them enough time to move out of the flood-prone areas. Kwamkur noted the community was part of the land covering about 260 hectares allocated within the Abuja Master Plan for the development of the University of Abuja, Gwagwalada, but some indigenous people and other squatters were staying there temporarily. ALSO READ: UPDATE: 10 dead, hundreds injured in Beirut explosion (PHOTOS) According to him: “The university has written to us about the encroachment issue. The settlement here that is due for resettlement has grown beyond its boundary. And we have an issue of a flood sometime last week, where five persons, who were carried away by the flood, were confirmed dead. “We actually had to discuss it with the village leaders on the need to move away from the flood plain area. FEMA has also predicted that there would be heavy flood this year, so we are doing something like a precautionary measure, that is why all the buildings along the flood plains will have to go. “And all contravention notices have been given as far back as last year (2019). No government will sit down and do nothing when the lives of its citizens are being threatened by either flood or any other thing,” he insisted. The Chief of the Community, Mr Isah Egari, who noted that he was not opposing the demolition of the houses built on a waterway, then appealed to the government to give the residents more time to move out from the affected places. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FCTA demolishes 102 houses $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… FCTA demolishes 102 houses Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE