The Bayelsa State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal on Saturday dismissed another petition filed against the declaration of Douye Diri as governor of Bayelsa State. The tribunal dismissed the petition filed by Vijay Opuama of the Liberation Movement and held that the petition lacked merit. The tribunal in the judgment read by its chairman, Justice Muhammad Sirajo, held that there is no inconsistency in the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) exemption certificate of the fourth respondent, Senator Lawrence Ewhrudjapko and his university degree certificate. It held that the petitioner failed to prove the allegation of certificate forgery against Ewhhrudjakpo, nothing that the petitioner failed to call the person whose certificate he alleged the fourth respondent presented. It also held that both the governor and his deputy, Ewhrudjakpo were qualified to contest the November 16, 2019 governorship election in the state, adding that contrary to claim of the petitioner, they did not have to resign their position as senators before contesting for the election. The tribunal further held that both the governor and the deputy governor scored the majority of valid votes in the election. “The petition is dismissed for lacking in merit,” Justice Sirajo declared. Tribune Online reports that the tribunal earlier dismissed two petitions against Governor Diri’s election as the state governor.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…”  BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE