DIRECTOR-General, Oyo State Signage and Advertising Agency (OYSAA), Honourable Temilola Adibi, has called on the Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FERMA) to as a matter of urgency fix some bad portions at Odo/Oke-Oba/Odo-Oba portion of the Oyo-Ogbomoso road. Adibi, while speaking with the Tribune Online, on Sunday, decried the hardship motorists experience on that route, saying it is important for FERMA to do something drastic to address the problem. He noted that the Oyo-Ogbommoso road is very crucial to the economy of Oyo State and Nigeria as a whole as vehicles providing essential services to and from the Nothern part of the country ply that route with no alternative. “Plying that road has become hellish. As a matter of fact, sometimes it is usually a standstill situation because it is now difficult for vehicles to manoeuvre their way, forcing majority of them to opt for the longer routes to their destinations. There is also a bad portion at Ojude-Oolo opposite the police station situated along that route which requires urgent attention. “You may say that the road is domiciled in Oyo State, but I know for sure if the maintenance had been in the purview of the Oyo State Government, that His Excellency, the governor of the state, Mr Seyi Makinde, would have ordered the state road maintenance agency to repair it.” Adibi, a former House of Representatives member, who represented Ogbomoso North/Ogbomoso South federal constituency and former Caretaker Chairman, Ogbomoso North Local Government, therefore called on FERMA, to promptly swing into action as far as the repair of the road is concerned, positing that the repair would no doubt bring relief to all road users and also make the economic activities along that route viable. He also advised that FERMA should transverse the road to check other areas which need attention and fix.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.