In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday. According to the appointment letter signed by the SSG, Mrs Balaraba Ibrahim is to assist the Governor on matters of single ladies based on her knowledge, experience and personal qualities. The letter reads: “The appointment is based on your knowledge, experience and personal qualities of hard work, honesty and absolute loyalty.” The SSG then charged the newly appointed Special Assistant on Unmarried Women Affairs to utilise all her qualities in facing the challenges of her office in order to facilitate the attainment of the government’s collective goal and the expectation of the electorates. He stated that, “The terms and conditions of your appointment are as enunciated in the relevant government policies as applicable.” The letter of appointment concluded that, “While congratulating you on this well-deserved appointment, I pray to the almighty God to guide and protect you in the discharge of the responsibilities of your new office. The appointment takes immediate effect, please.” The letter follows:  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.