The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) says it has been generating N3 billion revenue weekly from stamp duty collection. This stamp duty revenue is generated weekly from May 2020 to date from Deposit Money Banks (DMBs). Executive Chairman of the FIRS, Muhammad Nami, told the House of Representatives Committee on Finance, on Tuesday, in Abuja. The purpose of the meeting with the legislators was to resolve the face-off between the FIRS and the Nigeria Postal Service (NIPOST) over stamp duty collection, and the fate of the N58 billion revenue generated from February 2016 to April 2020. The Session which was chaired by the Chairman Finance Committee of the House of Representatives, James Abiodun Faleke included other members of the committee Post- Master General of the Federation, Dr Ismail Adebanjo Adewusi, NIPOST board Chairman Barr. Maimuna Yaya Abubarkar and other top officials of the postal agency and FIRS officials. Nami said the FIRS was able to generate this much revenue from a single stream of stamp duty collection from DMBs because the Service had deployed a new technology to track and capture such revenue straight into the federation account. ALSO READ: PHOTOS: How three NYSC members, 19 undergraduates, 10 others landed in EFCC net (Full names) The technology deployed by the FIRS Nami said is the Application Programming Interface (API) technology solution, an – online real-time technology that makes the collection of Stamp Duties easier. Nami said when he assumed office in December 2019, the FIRS discovered over N30 billion in the NIPOST Stamp duty Account with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The account was opened in 2016 specifically to warehouse revenue from stamp duty collection. However, by April 2020, the balance in the account had grown to N58 billion because of the deployment of the API by the FIRS. Money in the stamp duty account by May 2020 was transferred to the federation account following instructions given to the CBN by the FIRS to do so. Since then, both the FIRS and the NIPOST have been at daggers drawn over who controls stamp duty collection and invariably the money which accrues from the collection. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FIRS generates ₦3bn weekly COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… FIRS generates ₦3bn weekly Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.