Chairman South East Governor’s forum and Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi, has called on South-East leaders, businessmen and the people to come together and use their resources to develop their region. Umahi stated this in Abakaliki, during the inauguration of state community policing committee members. Addressing the committee members, the governor noted that there was the need for the region to come together. He then urged them to inject love in their affairs for self-realisation rather than blackmailing the leadership of South-East. “No amount of blackmail or social media war against the leadership of South-East will ginger us to go to senseless wars. “Those who felt civil war some of them are still alive and when they talk, they talk differently. We have no reason to engage differently and so it is for South-East to come together and use their resources and do charity begins at home. “South-East should come together and live like brothers and sisters and inject love in the affairs of our people this is the beginning of self-realisation,” he said. Umahi also urged the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Abubakar to remove the state from Zone 13 headquarters of the Nigeria Police, Anambra State. According to him, the state cannot belong to zone 13. He asked for Ebonyi to be allowed to be in Zone 9, Umuahia, Abia State where it was after being in Zone 6 Calabar, Cross River State. He explained further that the state was not ripe to be in zone 13, adding that he doesn’t know who smuggled Ebonyi to Zone 13 which he said has bad roads and insecurity. “Ebonyi has not reached the level of being in Zone 13. You must know your level to succeed in life. I moved our people from Calabar to Umahia. I don’t know who smuggled us to Awka. “I have told IG that we cannot be in Awka. One, the roads, two insecurity, three there is so much money around that place and we don’t have money. Let us be in Umahia and the road is straight forward. So, the best the IG will do for us is to allow us to be in Umuahia. We are in Umuahia and that is where we want to be,” he said In his remarks, Inspector-General of Police, who was represented by DIG Celestine Okoye, Supervising DIG South-East zone, described community policing as very simple. “Community policing is going to assist us very well so that we will be able to guard our communities. We have been invaded with lots of problems including civil problems which we are turning to criminal problems. Community policing will address some of these problems,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS
THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy
MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School
Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament
Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…” BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE