In an industry where many struggle to find their feet and many more  get overwhelmed with the demands of success, music act, OritseLaju  Ejuetami, appears to not only be thriving but also getting it  across boards. The singer, who hails from Delta State but grew up in  Lagos State,  got tongues wagging about his talent with his chart topping single,  ‘Trouble’. He followed it up with ‘Uplifted’ featuring Duncan Mighty, ‘Baller’  featuring Slimcase and Mr Real and ‘Money is power’ featuring DJ  Consequence. The songs, many believed, set him apart as one act who  understands the music scape and knows how to get fans grooving. Despite a fast growing music career and two EPs to show for, among  other feats, OritseLaju is one entertainer who also makes headlines  with his modelling acts. On how he copes with two apparently demanding fronts, the self- sponsored artiste who is signed to his own label, Laju records,  revealed that his passion for the two entertainment fronts and  consistency in doing them over the years meant that he is able to  seamlessly combine singing and modelling. Speaking on his career, the singer cum model disclosed that he  started out his music career at the tender age of 12, as a dancer  and he patterned his music style after legends such as Michael  Jackson, Fela’ Kuti and Bob Marley. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…” SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE