Hundreds of protesters from Turare and Dogon Ruwa communities in Dustin-ma local government area of Katsina State on Thursday blocked the major highway to protest repeated attacks by armed bandits in their communities. Hon. Hamza Yususa Jibiya disclosed that the lives of residents of the two communities are in danger. Jibiya, who is also the Deputy Chairman, National Youth Council, Katsina State Chapter said the peaceful protest was a wake-up call to those at the helm of affairs in both the state and the country.  “The protest is a way of showing their displeasure over the series of attacks in the state. “It will interest you to know that the bandit’s attacks on Katsina communities are underreported, so,  it is important for the affected people to express their views and feelings on the issue of banditry and insecurity in the state.” ALSO READ: Ekiti APC crisis: Ojudu, Adeyeye, others take grievances to Akande The protest is coming days after gunmen suspected to be bandits killed Mallam Sadi, Youth Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Yau-Yau/Mallamawa ward under Batsari Local Government Area of the state. The protesters, comprising adults and children, asked President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Aminu Masari to resign over the spate of insecurity in the state. Recall that, while this is also happening, Governor Masari had visited Mr President and informed him on the prevailing security challenges bedevilling the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m
THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC
FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.