It is apparent that child abuse is everywhere in the world especially in Africa where some parents do not value western education. They give priority to other things like their source of income especially farming and marry many wives to have many children to assist in farm work and enhance productivity. The fact remains that each wife could give birth to seven children who will be going to the farm on a daily basis and will work rigorously from sunrise to sunset, eradicating the need to get paid labour. The moment that the rigorous work becomes too cumbersome for these children to bear, they will definitely abscond from their parents to unknown places. Many migrate to the city and live off the streets where they usually get involved in social vices like armed robbery, rape leading to unwanted pregnancies and children born into abject poverty and a life of crime. The causes of child abuse are lack of good parental care, most especially by some parents who are traders or those who put career above every other aspect of life. They put more value on their vocation believing that the only important thing is to provide for the needs of their children. Children of such parents are vulnerable to many dangers that could jeopardize their destinies. The rate of rape and assault of minors in our society increases on a daily basis as a result of lack of parental care. Many evil minded men have been having illicit sex with the neglected young female children as the parents had failed in their civic duties. The fact remains that lack of parental care can lead to destitution. The children who have been roaming about the street are not falling from the sky; they were born by irresponsible parents. Those who have been engaging themselves in child trafficking as a business are taking advantage of neglected children to make money by hiring them for those who need their services outside the country where they are maltreated and exploited. It is the responsibility of every parent to stand against child abuse in the society for the betterment of the future of these children so they can be useful to humanity and contribute their quota to the development of the nation.  Rev Oladimeji Michael Olalekan Oyo state  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE