Minister of Youth and Sports, Sunday Dare has pledged that the Moshood Abiola national stadium main bowl pitch will be re-grassed and rehabilitated to world-class standard by April 2021. The minister made the pledge on Wednesday in Abuja at the handover ceremony of the pitch to the contractor for the re-grassing, fixing of scoreboards and rehabilitation of the main bowl. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the minister had in Nov. 2019 announced a partnership with Africa’s richest man Alhaji Aliko Dangote for the rehabilitation of the stadium. The initial plan was to have the stadium ready by March but the outbreak of the global Coronavirus and some contractual details stalled the take-off of the project. Dare while handing over the project to the contractor said the feat will bring back the stadium to global reckoning as the citadel of sporting excellence. “It gives me great honour to welcome you all to the handing over ceremony of the main bowl pitch of the Moshood Abiola National stadium to the Contractor, Aron Nig. Ltd. for the rehabilitation works. “This is in fulfilment of our promise to restore this great edifice as a citadel of sporting excellence and an action spot for our sportsmen and women,” he said. Dare however called on more private corporations to take a cue from Dangote and chief Adebutu Kesington in a bid to renovate and maintain sporting facilities across the country. He expressed optimism that the “adopt a pitch/athlete” initiative by the ministry will go a long way in developing and producing world-class sports facilities and athletes in the country. Earlier, Alhaji Mansur Ahmed, Group Executive Director, Government and Stakeholders Relations, Dangote Industries Ltd said the project will be executed in line with international best practice. He said Dangote had expressed commitment to spend one million dollars to rehabilitate the stadium, thereby creating an avenue for Nigerian youths to thrive and also stimulate the economy. Mr Adeola Adenuga, Managing Director, Aron Nigeria Ltd assured that the stadium will be completed in 24 weeks. Sen. Obinna Ogba, Chairman Senate Committee on Sports commended the initiative but stressed on the need for maintenance of sporting facilities across the country. NAN reports that the occasion was graced by sports stakeholders including NFF officials, ex-internationals like Daniel Amokachi Kanu Nwankwo, Tijani Babangida, Garba Lawal. NAN reports that the main bowl of the stadium has been abandoned for some time, because of the poor state of the pitch. The Super Eagles who hitherto played their home matches there have since relocated to Uyo and Asaba because of the poor playing turf. NAN  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN