The Mercelina crooner, Oluyole Oluwaseun, fondly called Sean Dampte, has  dropped his long anticipated Extended Playlist (EP), ‘Awoodah Rising: Man Like Sean Dampte’ and also assured that “the EP has come at a perfect timing the world needs it to delight the heart of the people.” The EP is made up of six explosives and was perfectly produced to be an ‘elixir’ which will delight and calm the world down at this trying period. Unveiling the artistic artwork to carry the contents, the six-tack EP promises to offer the audience the ‘good’ of Sean Dampte as this star act’s best is still to come. Always never relenting, the EP has outstanding tracks that have topped the charts. Marcelina, the second single off the EP debuted at number 8 on the Black Music Charts on July 3, and on its current run of over 5 weeks. Another banger off the EP entitled ‘Money On My Mind Always’ (MOMMA) seems to be the single off the EP that will be receiving massive attention. The Awoodah Rising: Man like Sean Dampte also features another Afrobeats Star, Buju making an appearance on track 3 titled Pe Pe. This EP is touted to be the best Afro Fusion EP for the summer this year and guaranteed to make people want for more. The EP makes use of the Afrobeat, Groovy Swirl and Pop to make it a complete work of art mixing in different cultures. Asked how he came up with the Awoodah as he sounded unique to the ears, he responded that when he took a break from music and came back, people were like: ‘Who is that?’. So he from that phrase coined Awoodah and since then his fans had been called Awoodahites. According to him, the EP was released under a new management of the Afrobeats superstar, Paris Sauvage.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN