It was a divine intervention for residents of a building in the Owode Onirin area of Lagos State on Thursday when they escaped unhurt as the driver of a trailer lost control due to excessive speed and crashed into the building, destroying it in the process. The incident happened on Thursday afternoon when the driver of the trailer, who was heading towards Ikorodu, lost control following excessive speed, making him to veer off the road and crash into the house. According to the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) in a statement by Nosa Okunbor, its Head of public Affairs, the residents who were around and who quickly saw the vehicle heading to the direction of the house quickly fled before the trailer could crash into the building. The statement added that though the driver of the vehicle was also unhurt, most part of the building were destroyed by the trailer which was stuck inside the before it was taken out of the building by emergency officials of the agency. According to the statement by agency: “On arrival at the incident scene, an empty articulated truck was involved in a lone accident. The articulated truck veered off the road and crashed into a residential building. “No injuries recorded, as the residents of the above said residential building escaped death by whiskers while the driver also came out of the incident unhurt. “Investigations conducted revealed that the immediate cause of the accident was due to recklessness of the driver. The truck has been recovered off the building.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men…