The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Oyo State Command, has arrested a 27-year-old farmer in Ogbomoso named Abraham Alamu for allegedly killing a herdsman called Shuaib Adamu. Alamu was said to have launched a brutal attack on Adamu of Elega village in Oriire local government area of the state, on August 21, for allowing his cattle to graze on his farm. Public Relations Officer, Oyo NSCDC, Mr Oluwole Olusegun who made known the arrest in a statement, said Alamu had been handed over to the police, Oyo command, for investigations into the suspected murder. ALSO READ: Resumption of International flights: NDLEA combs Lagos airports for hidden drugs Items recovered from the suspect include carpenter working tools: scissors, hammer, saw, nail remover, mosquito net, three ATM cards, two apprentice identification cards, cloth, bible, toothbrush and purse. Alamu was said to have evaded arrest on August 21 and escaped to an unknown destination before Agro Rangers squad of the NSCDC stationed at Ogbomoso tracked him down on Friday, August 28. He disclosed that Agro Rangers Squad, Ogbomoso zone of the NSCDC began the hunt for Alamu after committing the offence at Oko Oba, Elega, Oriire local government area of Oyo State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …