Former governor of the Central Bank (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia has been released by the Department of State Security Service, (DSS) in Plateau State after spending about 40 minutes with the security operatives. Dr Mailafia who arrived at the State Headquarters of the DSS on Monday at about 12:05 pm along with his wife and one of his close associates, Professor Gideon Para-Mallam was questioned for about 40 minutes and then released. He was first invited by the DSS last week over his comments on insecurity in the country and for alleging that a serving governor in one of the states in the North was a Commander of Boko Haram. Before he went in, Dr Mailafia thanked Nigerians and the media for their solidarity and added that he did not know the reason for his second invitation. He said: “I am honoured to have you here, I love you so much, I love our country. I have been invited again, I am just about to appear before them. The invitation came at the weekend so I had to honour it. I don’t know the reason I am being invited but as a good citizen of this country, as a loyal and obedient citizen of this country, I have to honour authority and respond when I am invited, to help them in the course of their enquiry.” ALSO READ: Ortom raises the alarm, accuses Miyeitti Allah of plans to foist violence in Benue After he was let go, one of the lawyers, Yakubu Bawa told newsmen that Dr Mailafia was treated with decorum in the course of the 40 minutes interactions with the DSS. “It is common knowledge that Dr Mailafia was invited last week Wednesday by the DSS and today’s invitation was a build-up of what really transpired but I want to say that we very much appreciate the fact that he was treated with decorum again, with honour and respect. There was no iota of molestation or intimidation of any manner. “What we want to emphasise like he rightly pointed out, is that he is a man that loves peace, he loves this country so dearly and what has happened in respect of the clip that went viral which is the subject matter of our coming this afternoon again is to underscore the fact that he wants to actually make a clarion call to the security outfits of this nation. “We know the current state of our security in this country, we are in a serious enigmatic conundrum that it is difficult to know what is happening and all that we are planning to do is to see how we can have a better and safe country and it is in this light that he came again today based on the invitation issued to him to have an interface with the Director and other officials of the DSS. “It was quite a fruitful meeting and we have no course whatsoever to be worried in respect of the invitation, we just want to keep calling on everyone in this country that we must live as one and also see how we can enhance our security.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE