RESEARCHERS have found that there is evidence that Moringa oleifera leaf aqueous extract is beneficial in high blood pressure (high BP) in both experimental animals and clinical studies. The study has appeared in the journal Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy. High blood pressure is a major risk factor for future cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction and stroke, which is often accompanied by the augmented constriction of resistance arteries and arterioles. Moringa oleifera is a large tree native to North India known by a variety of names, such as drumstick tree, horseradish tree or bean oil tree. Moringa oleifera has been praised for its health benefits for thousands of years. Its leaves are used as vegetables and for traditional herbal medicine. Direk Aekthammarat et. al. attached to the Department of Basic Medical Science, Faculty of Medicine Vajira Hospital, Thailand have reported that moringa olifera extract (MOE) lowers arterial blood pressure through inducing relaxation of small resistance artery. Previous evidence had already identified the promoting of nitric oxide (NO) production in endothelial cells using natural products as a potential strategy to prevent and treat hypertension. Moringa oleifera Lam (Moringaceae) is a tropical plant widely used as food and in traditional medicines. Though recent reports have validated that oral administration of aqueous extract of Moringa leaves (MOE) to rats was effective prevention against the oxidative stress-related hypertension, by alleviating endothelial dysfunction and hyperactive vasoconstriction and MOE has exhibited excellent endothelium-dependent relaxation in the hypertensive resistance artery but, the effect of MOE on endothelial NO production about the blood pressure (BP) reduction remains unclear. Researchers carried out the study in male Wistar rats (6 weeks old). An aqueous extract of M. oleifera leaves (MOE) was prepared. In vivo blood pressure measurement in anesthetized rats was done after applying the MOE. Authors believed that the vasodilation and blood pressure lowering effects of MOE arise from the increased NO production by endothelial NOS. It is usually difficult to inject traditional medicine with complicated components into the human body. Therefore these leaf extracts can be a relatively safe alternative approach for hypertensives. “Whether MOE has effects on other endothelial cells and its efficacy in humans require more studies,” authors wrote.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN