Former National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP), Senator Barnabas Gemade, has disclosed that his return to the All Progressives Congress, (APC) is to cause-effect for good leadership, good governance, good representation and good politicking in Benue State. Speaking with newsmen in Makurdi on Thursday, Gemade said that he left the Social Democratic Party, SDP because it was not a ‘properly organised’ political party for him to operate to cause a positive effect. While debunking rumours that he may likely run for governorship 2023, Gemade said whether he is going to contest election or not is entirely dependent on the political climate and political associates he was going to work with. ALSO READ: Osun NUJ Correspondents’ Chapel gets new chairman “The fact is that you move in politics based on the interests that present themselves. Yes, those things that you said are also interests but those are not the primary issues that govern someone’s movement. “Whether I’m going to contest election or not is dependent entirely on the political climate and the political associates that I work with. “When we study the situation and see if there is need to present me as a candidate in any election, we will decide or whether to present any other person, we will decide,” he said. Asked why he did not return to the PDP, Gemade has this to say, “The situation of political organizations is what determines whether you desire it’s a membership or not. “The situation regarding the party I formed in 1998 is not attractive enough for me to rejoin because the way the party is structured and is managed will not agree with my own style of practice of politics. “That is the reason I did not choose to go back to the PDP Even though I rose to be the national chairman, I don’t think I can function properly in that party at this time.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.