The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika has appealed to the National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE) to discontinue the picketing of Bristow helicopters over labour conflicts. The minister waded into the face-off between the two urging for the suspension or disruption of flight activities in the airline until the determination and outcome of a meeting at the instance of the Ministry of Labour today in Lagos. ALSO READ: COVID-19: KWASU VC wants school reopened The association succumbed to the Minister’s appeal by announcing that it has suspended the picketing exercise. “In view of the intervention of the honourable minister of Aviation Hadi Sirika yesterday NAAPE has put on hold the ongoing Picketing of Bristow Helicopters pending the determination /outcome of the meeting at the instance of Federal Ministry of Labour Ikoyi Lagos today 6/8/2020″, NAAPE declared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.