THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks, achieved new records and we are diligently  working to do significantly better with new projects such as the PPI-Siemens deal and others already active.” The minister also said the country had secured a sum of $6.150 billion for development of critical power projects in  Nigeria. While giving a breakdown, he said $2.3 billion is earmarked for the Siemens the project,$1.6 billion for the Transmission Rehabilitation and Expansion Programme (TREP), $1.7 billion for DISREP and $550 million World Banks and AFDB National Expansion Programme. He said the projects are aimed at achieving generation, transmission and distribution of 25,000MWs of power by 2025. Also, he said the sum would see to the provision of off-grid hybrid solar to various tertiary institutions, noting that so ar,  five institutions had been completed. On the Mambila hydropower project, he said if completed, it would increase generation by 30 per cent. According to him, the project was re-scoped to increase its viability, while also adding that the FG had commenced land and aerial survey. “We are working to achieve financial close and signed an MOU with the Taraba State government,” he added. While noting the importance of having access to clean, safe, reliable and affordable electricity, the minister noted that creating synergy among all government agencies under the ministry was a major challenge. Also, he said within his the first year, Nigeria now participates actively in strengthening the ECOWAS regional electricity market. “Under my leadership, the ministry and TCN have been partnering with the West African Power Pool (WAPP), a  specialized agency of ECOWAS and the World Bank, AfDB and other development partners on a number of regional integration projects. Key among which is the North-Core (Nigeria-Niger- Benin/Togo-Burkina Faso) Regional Inter-connector The project, which is aimed at actualizing an efficient, unified regional electricity market, as part of the ECOWAS Master Plan for the Development of Regional Power Generation and Transmission Infrastructure. “This Master Plan will ensure that citizen of ECOWAS member states are provided with a stable and reliable power supply at competitive costs,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his… My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports… Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN