THE federal government has been cautioned against preventing the domestic airlines from increasing the present airfare regimes being charged on the local routes. Describing the present fares as unreasonable to the operational cost and its offshore components, the Managing Director of Centurion Security Services and a member of the Aviation Round Table Group, Captain John Ojikutu (retired), said the present fares being charged were not commensurate with the huge difference between the Dollar and Naira. Ojikutu who was reacting to the recent statement credited to the Minister of aviation, Hadi Sirika, that there would be no increase in air fare, called on the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) and the airlines operators to have a critical rethink on this now, saying the need became necessary because of the COVID-19 pandemic which he said could be worst for the industry in Nigeria than anywhere else. His words: “Air fares today are very unreasonable to the operational cost and its offshore components. Like I said earlier; when a Dollar was N40, air fare was N40,000 to the Dollar ($1,000) and about N3,800/N4,000 ($100) to places like Abuja, Port Harcourt and Enugu. $1,000 (N450,000) is still stable fare to the USA but $100 (N45,000) is not what you see as the conservative airfare to an hour flight in Nigeria. In the days of $1/N40, we were refining our fuels but today, $1/N460 we import fuel. The airfare can never be reasonable at a rate less than $100 or N40,000-N45,000 to Abuja or anywhere in Nigeria within 45 minutes to an hour. “Am seriously worried about the  statement credited to the Minister that there would be no increase in airfare. I think the NCAA and the airlines operators need to make critical rethinking on this now, not because the need becomes necessary because of the COVID-19 pandemic but because it had been long due before the pandemic and could be worse for the industry in Nigeria than anywhere else. I remember very well that when the dollar was N40 in the early 1990s, airfare to the US was about N40,000 or $1,000 and N3,800 from Lagos to Enugu when aviation fuel was being refined and sufficiently available. Today, $1 is N460 and airlines are selling tickets to Abuja and Enugu at N33,000 or less when fuel is being imported at subsidised prices. We are just very unserious people. No amount of palliative or low interest rate from the CBN can save the Nigerian domestic airlines from where we are because the business plans that most of them submitted to and approved by the NCAA are faulty from the start of their operations. “The level most of them are at now is not necessarily about COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 has only exposed the negligence of compliance and the enforcement of the necessary provisions of the Nigerian  Civil Aviation Regulations (CARs).”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.