Kwara State government has awarded rehabilitation and re-equipping of the Otte Maternity and Dispensary Clinic in Asa Local Government Area of the state, Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq announced on Sunday. The clinic, which is in a state of total collapse, serves several communities in Asa local government. “The rehabilitation work begins this week,” AbdulRazaq said during a working visit to the facility in Otte-Oja. The Governor also spoke about putting in place integrated water plants for the community. The clinic is part of the over 37 primary health facilities the government is renovating in the first phase of what the administration calls a total overhaul of the primary health care system in the state. Alhaji Yusuf Abdul, the Alangua of Otte, commended the governor for his many developmental strides in the state, particularly in Asa local government. The Governor was accompanied on the working visit by Professor Shehu Raheem Adaramaja, a community leader from the area. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…Otte Clinic MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…Otte Clinic 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…Otte Clinic SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE