A 2020 research has highlighted the key metrics that brands should track to get the best out of their customer emails. The research, compiled by the Netcore Solutions, a global marketing technology company, identified the email channel as playing  a major role in 2019, since over 2 billion emails were sent out from their platform in Africa alone. The company’s  Client Success Manager, Chukwudi Nwokike, identified the growing need by organisations and brands to communicate with customers via e-mails, since this allows a clearer and more specific message directly to the target audience on their devices, unlike traditional marketing and texts. The report also highlighted important metrics, reviewed and used as a yardstick for monitoring the email behaviour in Nigeria, including but not limited to, exclamation marks, question marks, subject-line length and others. It also pointed out the two important metrics which brands should take cognizance of before sending out emails to prospects and customers. The comprehensive report also analysed one billion emails in various ways which matter to businesses and user behaviors. These include: the subject- line in emails, the category of emails sent, the best day of the week to send out emails and the best time to have emails sent out to the target audience, which will, in turn, boost the open and click rates. The Regional Vice President, Africa, Nisham Chhabra, noted that the aim is to revolutionise customer communication, by helping clients globally create one-on-one customer experience across multiple channels. Explaining how Nigerians read emails, Netcore Solutions, in  its 2020 edition of Banking Report, noted  that  20 per cent of over one billion emails sent out in 2019 were opened on Saturdays, with automated emails gradually gaining prominence, as explained in the 2020 Report.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.