Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has said it is not in his plan now or in the nearest future to defect from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to All Progressives Congress (APC) or any other political party. Governor Ortom stated this while reacting to a recent statement credited to the Benue State Chairman of APC, Comrade Abba Yaro, in which he insinuated that the governor will soon be returning to the party. Ortom in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Terver Akase said that the political, economic and security challenges currently facing the country cannot be solved by people decamping from one political party to another. He said that what is most important at this point is for Nigerians of all walks of life to join hands and surmount the challenges confronting the nation. ALSO READ: IPOB meets Ohanaeze leadership in Enugu, seeks assistance for its deproscription by FG The governor said that he was comfortably leading the PDP in Benue State to achieve development milestones for the people and he remains focused on the mandate of providing good governance to all parts of the state. Meanwhile, the  All Progressive Congress (APC) in Benue State in a swift response expressed concern that the governor misquoted the statement of its state chairman, Comr. Abba Yaro as announcing Governor Samuel Ortom’s return to the broom party. The party publicity secretary, James Orgunga while putting the statement straight said that the state party chairman was speaking at the decamping ceremony of Chief Barnabas Gemade in Konshisha last Friday, tacitly declared that with the return of Senator  Gemade, Former Speaker, Yakubu Dogora and other top politicians who left the APC before the 2019 general election, it is possible that the Benue State Governor may also follow them to where all Nigerians are headed. Orgunga said, “The conditional statement from the APC State Chairman was not an outright announcement of Governor Ortom’s defection plans, neither was he categorical about it. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.