THE Nigerian Academy of Education (NAE), on Sunday, in Abuja, appealed to government at levels to release funds directly to the schools in order to cut off “intermediary taxes”, with a view to enabling them to prepare for and sustain the care of the students who are preparing for exit examinations in the COVID-19 era. In a statement jointly signed by its President, Elizabeth Eke and Publicity Secretary, Owoicho Akpa, respectively, and made available to journalists, the NAE also called for public-private arrangements to help with direct donations to schools, as supplementary school feeding is needed at the time of examinations. It said since all the examinations will be taken in the next four months, the total number of the children moving around and involved in different examinations will be huge and they must be properly cared for. According to the statement, COVID-19 has ushered in a new normal for all and there is a need for adaptation of mentality to be able to cope for both private and public schools, their proprietors and stakeholders. “On this occasion, parents have the final responsibility to decide whether their children return to school or not although, with all the examinations scheduled, the temptation to follow the tide may be very strong. Those who decide to send their children should not be deterred from doing so for lack of funds to rather they should be enabled to follow through with their decision. “The school authorities and management should ensure that the guidelines are followed. Orientation for teachers and students no matter how brief is essential. Students and teachers are expected to be tested. The school as a whole should be sanitised (fumigated), social distancing observed especially in the examination arrangements, masks made available, sanitisers, running water and soap provided. “For those schools without pipe-borne water in the rural areas, tanks ought to be provided. Verification checks and continuous monitoring are necessary both through self-assessment and with external inspectors. Schools in areas that are physically insecure, should be provided with armed security. “NAE is hosting three webinars from August to discuss comprehensive strategies for dealing with short and long term effects of the coronavirus.” The statement added. It, therefore, appreciated the Federal Ministry of Education decision which has saved the country the embarrassment of an open fractionalisation of the Nigerian front as some states exercised their concurrency rights in education and decided to send in their students for the WAEC examinations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state…School resumption Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world…School resumption The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them…School resumption We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate…School resumption Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption…School resumption Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.