The police on Friday arraigned a 25-year-old woman, Queen Ogbunu, in a Grade I Area Court, Kubwa, for allegedly misappropriating N144, 740. Ogbunu, who resides in Kagini, Abuja is charged with criminal breach of trust, misappropriation and cheating. The Prosecution Counsel, Babajide Olanipekun told the court that the complainant, Irene Osobase of Kubwa, Abuja, reported the matter at the Kubwa Police Station on July 24. Olanipeken said the complainant entrusted her bar and restaurant to the defendant to sell and remit the proceeds to her. He said the defendant acted in a fraudulent manner and misappropriated N144, 740 and converted it to her use. The prosecution counsel said the offence contravened the provisions of sections 322, 309 and 312 of the Penal Code. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty. ALSO READ: Tricycle rider docked over alleged phone theft The defence counsel, Taiye Okoya made a bail application for his client, urging the court to grant bail in the most liberal terms. The Judge, Mr Muhammad Adamu, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N100, 000 with one reasonable surety in like sum, resident within the court’s jurisdiction. Adamu also ordered that the surety must present means of identification and adjourned the case until Sept.4, for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.