The Osun Police Command has dismissed Inspector Ago Egharevbe for allegedly brutalising a 20-year-old fashion designer, Ayomide Taiwo, leading to his death. The News of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the incident, which happened on Wednesday at Obokun, led to the victim been hospitalised and later died on Sunday. The Command’s Spokesperson, SP Opalola Yemisi, in a statement on Sunday in Osogbo, explained that Egharevbe, attached to Obokun Divisional Police Station, was arrested after the incident. Yemisi said the inspector had been tried in orderly room and that the Commissioner of Police, Undie Adie, had recommended his dismissal to the Inspector General of Police. She said the commissioner of police would not condone any act of indiscipline, brutality, unprofessional behaviour from any member of the force under his command. “The Osun State Police Command wishes to state that the officer, Inspector Ago Egharepbe, who brutalised a civilian in Obokun has been tried and dismissed from the force. “The Commissioner of Police, Undie Adie, has recommended his dismissal to the Inspector General of Police and he has been dismissed. “He will be charged to court on Monday for murder. “CP Adie and the entire Osun Police Command commiserate with the family and friends of Ayomide Taiwo on the death of their loved one as we promised to ensure justice is served,” Opalola said. Confirming the death, Mr Popoola Adebayo, the deceased’s boss, said Ayomide died on Sunday “as he had remained unconscious since the attack five days ago.” Earlier, the deceased’s brother, Oladimeji Wasiu, said that the incident happened when he and his late brother were returning on a motorcycle to Osogbo from Iragbiji, their home town, where they went for the Eid-el-Kabir celebration. Wasiu said when they got to Ilahun village, along Obokun road at about 3:30 pm, they met police officers at a checkpoint who ordered their bike to stop. He said one the officers became aggrieved when he asked Ayomide to pay N50, but he delayed in paying. Wasiu said when the officer found out that Ayomide had a huge sum of money with him, he became furious and hit him with the butt of the gun, which forced both of them to fall down and Ayomide became unconscious. “While we were coming from home, at Iragbiji after Sallah, we met four police officers on our way. “One of the police officers stopped us and requested for money, when my brother brought out money to give him, he saw that he had a huge amount in his pocket, this angered him and he hit him with the butt of his gun on his head. “And immediately we fell down from the motorcycle while the remaining three officers ran away,” he said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.