One person has been confirmed dead in a robbery incident at a popular hotel in Ilorin, the Kwara State capital on Sunday night. According to an eyewitness, the unidentified victim of the robbery incident was said to be a middle-aged man and one of the customers in the hotel located along Sultan road, off Ibrahim Taiwo road, Ilorin. An eyewitness said: “The robbers numbering five, all wearing black attire, stormed the hotel at around 8:40 pm on Sunday night shooting sporadically in the air. We all scampered to safety. “They ransacked everywhere taking phones of customers, money among other valuables. We had to run inside the toilet to hide. “When we came out after the robbery, we met the lifeless body of a middle-aged man and the manager in a pool of blood. The manager was immediately rushed to the Ilorin General Hospital for treatment.” However, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the Kwara State Police Command, SP Ajayi Okasanmi, who confirmed the incident, said no life was lost in the bloody incident. Okasanmi said that the command had begun an investigation into the robbery attack, promising that the suspects would soon be apprehended. He said that three persons, which included the hotel manager, barman of the hotel and one other were shot by the robbers, making them sustained serious injuries. He said the injured are currently receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospital in the metropolis. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… One killed in Kwara robbery School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… One killed in Kwara robbery Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.