STAKEHOLDERS across the aviation sector have expressed concern over the alleged incessant encroachment and acquisition of the Murtala Mohammed Airport land in Ikeja. While several acres of the land belonging to the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) have been encroached upon with houses, offices built on the land, others have been used as farm land. The encroachment was however said to have been made easy with the connivance of some top FAAN officials. Few years ago, during the assessment of the encroachment by a special task force set up by the federal government, it was discovered that individuals, including aviators converted and built houses on the airport land in Shasha, Akowonjo, Ejigbo, Ile Zik, among others in connivance with insiders in FAAN. The last week physical building inspection and regulations carried out by a group of officials of the Lagos State government has led to the sealing up of properties within the FAAN immediate corridor. Commenting on the development, Chairman, FAAN branch of Air Transport Services Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (ATSSSAN), Comrade Ahmed Danjuma, said land encroachment had been a problem to FAAN. According to him, the business owners pay rents, signed an MoU with FAAN to do business in the area hence, he called on FAAN to protect its interest and secure its land from being taken over even as he argued that the Lagos State government had no right to collect revenue on property owned by FAAN. Commenting on the issue, a former militarily airport commandant, Group Captain John Ojikutu, retired, noted that over the years, the airport in Lagos State in particular had been known to be situated within uncontrolled urban development areas of Ikeja, Oshodi, Mafoluku, Akowonjo Egbeda, Shasha, Ejigbo, Ajao Estate, Beesam, among others and further, sandwiched between complicated road networks connecting these areas is threatened by the activities of the state and local governments. “The locations of some of these houses have also encroached beyond the limit provided for the security and safety margin for the airport operation by global standards and the National Civil Aviation Regulations” Speaking, the image maker of FAAN, Mrs. Henrietta Yakubu, explained that the land in question was purchased by the Federal Government and belongs to the federal government saying that what Lagos state government was doing was an aberration. Yakubu said the Directors of Commercial and Business Development and Finance and Legal Services (DCBD DFA CS/LS) were already meeting with Lagos State government, adding that FAAN has not increased land rates. “FG owns it. What Lagos State Government is doing is actually an aberration but nevertheless DCBD DFA CS/LS are meeting with the State government to arrive at an amicable arrangement. We are also not increasing land rates for now.” Within the year, Fag­bemi explained that the group expended resources into re-fle­eting, which produced immediate result as the company was ab­le to provide a more efficient service, reduced degreasing and cost of maintenan­ce.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE