The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has called on the general public to disregard any fake news claiming that the Agency or its staff endorses money doubling Financial Investments scheme. While refuting any affiliation or endorsement of the platforms, NITDA advised the general public on the need for caution when dealing with online money doubling scheme, especially via WhatsApp mobile Application. This is contained in a statement issued by the Head Corporate Affairs and External Relations of NITDA, Mrs Hadiza Umar. The statement said: “These fraudulent financial Investment companies lure users by requesting that you join their WhatsApp group, consequently, they access records of citizens phone numbers. “These phone numbers can further be used in SMS scams as well as other various cybercrimes. “The general public is advised to always verify if these firms have clearance from relevant Government Agencies mandated to license Corporate Investment Advisers. “The public is further advised to be wary of any quick wins schemes especially if it violates the Nigerian Data Protection Regulation. “Furthermore, NITDA strongly advises the general public to disregard the malicious investment scheme even if the people behind such purportedly use NITDA’s name, its affiliates, logo and or staff of the agency as a bait to lure the people.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.