The statement by the Special Adviser,  Media and Publicity to the President, Mr Femi Adeshina, on the recent RevolutionNow protest is not only disappointing but also provoking. The special adviser, in a TV programme ‘Sunrise Daily’ on Channels, Television on August 6, 2020 described the protest as a child’s play and even referred to the protesters as irritants. You expect Nigerians to keep quiet when there is untold hardship in the nation and the government has even failed woefully? Why would a learned person such as Adeshina describe such a protest as an irritation and a child’s play? A child’s play he said when articulate Nigerians took it upon their shoulders to react to the unpalatable situations we have found ourselves. Graduates keep turning out of our universities, polytechnics and colleges of education yearly with no hope of having a job. Nigerians are being killed, homes are being displaced, properties are being destroyed on a daily basis and yet the government seems unperturbed. With no doubt, the life expectancy of Nigerians keeps getting worse. As a result of lack of structures, the body politic of the country has been rendered ineffectual  and yet, the special adviser to the president is pretending that everything is all right with the Nigerian state. It is necessary for Mr. Adeshina to have a deep reflection on the state of things in the Nigerian state; enough of politics of deceit. His statement is totally uncalled for at this moment when the country is passing through a difficult time. The special adviser should rather come out and tell Nigerians what his master has done or will do to get the country out of the current mess, rather than uttering such a statement. Arguably, the current trend has shown that the government has got nothing to offer Nigerians. In the actual sense, this is a wake-up call for Nigerians to shun party politics and start thinking as a people for a common goal. The time has come for Nigerian leaders to take responsibility in making Nigeria a better place. The truth remains that what goes around will surely come around; thus,  Nigerian leaders should stop taking Nigerians for granted; because revolution is inevitable.  Ishola Akinwale Victor. victorakinwale2@gmail.com.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.