Two men, Afimo Lawrence and Kayode Apata, on Friday, appeared before an Ado-Ekiti Chief Magistrates’ Court over alleged threat to life. Lawrence, 58 and Apata, 64, whose addresses were not provided, are facing a charge of threat to life. They, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The Prosecutor, Insp. Caleb Leramo, told the court that the defendants committed the offence, with some others still at large, on July 9, at 11:30 am. in Ado-Ekiti. He said that the defendants threatened to kill the complainant Mr Apata Ilesanmi, with a cutlass over an argument which they had. Leramo said that the offence contravened Section 86 of the Criminal Law of Ekiti State, 2012. ALSO READ: Lagos: Health Service Commission staff bags 2019 excellent Award The prosecutor, however, asked the court to adjourn the case to enable him to study the case file and assemble his witnesses. The Defence Counsel, Mr Opeyemi Ogunremi, urged the court to grant his clients bail, promising that they would not jump bail. The Chief Magistrate, Mr Abdulhamid Lawal, granted the defendants bail in the sum of N100,000 each, with two sureties each in like sum. Lawal, thereafter, adjourned the case till Oct. 5, for mention. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.