The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North. The financial expert has been on the radar of security agencies in the country for the past two weeks over his comments on insecurity ravaging the northern part of the country, especially in the southern part of Kaduna State where he comes from. Speaking with Tribune Online on Tuesday, Dr Mailafia who debunked the speculation that he was sacked by the management of the elite institute NIPSS, as a result of an order from above stated that he wrote the management without being coerced to do so. He said: “I wrote the management that there is genocide against my people and they are killing them, and I cannot reconcile myself with working in this place. I think out of moral conscience, it is better for me to resign. “I cannot be working here and watch my people being NIPSS led. My conscience will not allow me to be quiet about it because, after this  job, I have to go home and live with my people, what will I tell them?” Dr Mailafia who assumed the position of Chief Operative Officer of the NIPSS in January this year vowed not to remain silent until those in authority give the insecurity ravaging the country a top priority. He implored the Federal Government to do everything within its power to stop the killings and demonstrate to the whole world its determination to stop the killings. “This is genocide; anybody that loves Nigeria will never accept this. For me, it is a matter of conscience, I cannot accept this situation and it is not only in Southern Kaduna, but it’s also happening even in the president’s home town, Daura. “Also in Katsina, Zamfara, Brini-Gwari, Borno, Yobe and Benue, it is the same pathetic story. The killings are going on and they are almost reaching the southern part of the country. “If it continues like that for the next couple of years, this country will not survive and I want Nigeria to survive,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his… My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports… Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN