Nemesis has caught up with a medical director in Delta State who used an unapproved clinic to train secondary school students as “nurses.” The facility, Choice clinic and maternity, Agbarho (near Warri) in Ughelli North council area has already been Sealed up and the proprietor, Dr Choice Onojome being investigated by the state ministry of health. Tribune Online‘s investigation showed that concerned stakeholders in the area who were displeased with the action of the maternity operator training small children as nurses raised the alarm by promptly informing the government. The complaint was said to have been accompanied with video clips of the students in uniform which quickly triggered an the investigative team of the ministry from the departments of Medical Services and Trainings, and Nursing Services. According to the state Commissioner for health, Dr Ononye Mordi who has received a preliminary report of the investigation weekend, the proprietor had been invited to appear before the panel in Asaba. Ononye said that the ministry would double its efforts to stop hospitals, clinics, and maternities from the practice of training or employing the services of unqualified nurses in the state. According to the commissioner, though the proprietor of the facility in question has collected a registration form from the ministry, it was yet to be licenced to operate, adding that the form has not been returned to the ministry to initiate the necessary procedures for determining the eligibility of the premises to be registered to operate as a private healthcare facility. He said the ministry would double its efforts to stop hospitals, clinics, and maternities from the practice of training or employing the services of unqualified nurses in the state. He stated that for the avoidance of doubt the State had three schools of Nursing in Agbor, Eku and Warri and two schools of Midwifery in Sapele and Asaba in addition to a Nursing Department at the Delta State University, Abraka for the training of nurses and midwives in the state. Dr Ononye, therefore, enjoined Deltans to join hands with government to stop quackery in the nursing and other healthcare professions in the State by reporting such cases to the Ministry of Health for prompt investigations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state…Unapproved clinic Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world…Unapproved clinic The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them…Unapproved clinic We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate…Unapproved clinic Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption…Unapproved clinic Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.