Kano State Deputy Governor, Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna, has disclosed that the state has donated not less than N425m as palliative to ease the hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Dr Gawuna, who is also the Chairman, Kano State Taskforce Committee on COVID-19, made the disclosure today while launching the 3rd phase of the palliative distribution programme, held at Farm Centre, Tarauni Local Government Area. According to him, under the palliative programme, over 300,000 households are expected to benefit from the exercise, stressing that the 3rd phase distribution covers 1050 households as beneficiaries. His words, “Kano State government has to commit N140m at this phase in order to achieve what we are doing today and it is on this note, I crave the indulgence of all the beneficiaries to ensure full utilisation of the items given” Gawuna, however, disclosed that the state is winning the war against COVID-19, as in the last 3 days no single case of COVID-19 has been recorded in the state. “There is a continuous downfall in COVID-19 cases in Kano. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: CACOVID flags off N23bn food palliatives distribution for 10m Nigerians(Opens in a new browser tab) On 28th of July, we submitted 2,945 samples where only 37 came out positive, on 29th of July, we submitted 1120 samples, only 18 came out positive, on 30th of July, 586 samples were submitted and 7 came out positive”. The deputy governor added that out of the 223 samples submitted by the state on the 31st of July, only 6 came out as positive while the samples sent on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd August 2020 of 50, 340 and 317 people respectively all came out negative, a clear indication of the success being recorded so far. Earlier, the State Chairman on palliative distribution, Professor Muhammad Yahuza Bello, reported that in the 1st and 2nd round of the palliative distribution exercise, 100,000 households were given the palliative support, adding that the 3rd round would equally cover 50,000 households respectively. He added that at the 3rd round palliative exercise, 28kg bags of Maize, 27,000 cartons of spaghetti, 40,000 Gallons of cooking oil among others, would be distributed to the vulnerable in the state while the 4th, 5th and 6th round would come up soon. In another development, the state deputy governor, Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna, has today received food items under the COVID-19 palliative programme from the Private Sector Coalition against COVID (CACOVID) at Kumbotso Local Government, in the State Capital. While receiving the food items on behalf of the state governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, Gawuna extended the appreciation of the state government to the coalition for the donation, recalling that “this is not the first palliative support by the coalition as Abubakar Rimi Urology Isolation Centre was renovated and equipped by this group ” Meanwhile, the representative of the CACOVID, Alhaji Abdulkadir Sidi, explained that the CACOVID food palliative programme is an attempt by the private sector coalition to support the state government’s effort in providing relief to the Nigerian populace towards cushioning the hardship caused by the effect of COVID-19. Items donated by the Coalition according to Abdulkadir, include rice, Semolina, Masa flour, Sugar, Noodles, Macaroni and Salt, among others. Others who spoke at the programme were the Chairman Kano State Palliative Committee, Professor Muhammad Yahuza Bello, the representative of the Emir of Karaye, Magaji Garin Karaye, Alhaji Shehu Ahmed and the Chairman Kumbotso Local Government Area Alhaji Kabiru Ado Panshekara.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.