The Federal High Court in Abuja has slated September 30, 2020, to hear the case between Global Integrity Crusade Network (GICN) against Sahara Reporters and its Publisher, Omoyele Sowore. The court has also assigned the case to Justice Taiwo Taiwo of the court. GICN had dragged Sowore, Publisher of Sahara Reporters, and three others before the Court over publications alleged to be libellous against the Attorney-General of Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN). Joined in the fundamental rights enforcement suit numbered: FHC/ABJ/CS/816/2020 as respondents are Kabir Akingbolu, Sahara Reporters Inc., and Vanguard Media Limited as 2nd to 4th respondents. In the suit filed by Barrister Edward Omaha and Barrister Aham Akano, the group prayed the court to declare “that the publications by the 1st and 2nd respondents using the platforms of the 3rd and 4th respondents on 10th, 11th,12th, 13th, 14th and 18th July 2020 with the captions: ‘Nigeria’s Attorney-General, Malami, buys multi-million naira mansion for newly married son, guests flout social distancing guidelines during the lavish wedding ceremony. ‘Exposed: How AGF Malami granted approval to firm standing trial in court for stealing crude oil, diesel to auction goofs seized from it”, among other publications that are traumatic, damaging and defamatory to Malami, and therefore tantamount to violation of his fundamental rights to dignity of the human person, private and family life as well as Integrity. The group also wants the court to declare that the 1st and 2nd respondents, by consistently peddling propaganda, fake news and blackmail against the AGF, using the platforms of the 3rd and 4th respondents via their websites: www.saharareporters.com, www.vanguardngr.com and other electronic means such as Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Facebook are out to incite the general public against him, as well as injure his character and lower his estimation in the eyes of right-thinking persons in the society. The group, through its lawyer, Omaha and Akano, urged the court to order a retraction of the libellous publications, tender an apology and award a sum of N2 billion to be severally paid by all respondents to Malami.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions…Court to hear suit against Sowore Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari…Court to hear suit against Sowore Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report…Court to hear suit against Sowore China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Court to hear suit against Sowore Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE