The Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), on Tuesday, closed bearish, following previous day stance. The All Share Index dropped by 0.58 per cent to close at 24,883.70 basis points as against -0.06 per cent drop recorded on Monday. Consequently, investors lose N75.07 billion as the Nigerian bourse’s equities market capitalisation presently stands at N12,981 trillion. Thus, Year-to-Date (YTD) returns currently stands at -7.30 per cent. Market breadth also closed negative as Cadbury led 16 gainers as against 17 losers topped by Prestige Insurance.. On the gainers’ chart, Cadbury took the lead trailed by Nigerian Breweries, Mutual Benefit, Ardova and LASACO Insurance. At the rear end of the chart, Prestige Insurance, Ikeja Hotel, CHI Plc, Mamsard Insurance and Courtville led the chart. Market activity however spiked as the volume of trades increased by 17.84 per cent to record 206 million units from 175 million units traded in the previous session. Value followed suit to record 73.64 per cent incline at N2.47 billion recorded at the close of trading today as against N1.425 billion recorded previously. Access Bank, Fidelity Bank, Guaranty Trust Bank, Zenith Bank and Wema Bank made up the top five performers in terms of volume of units traded, while Guaranty Trust Bank, Dangote Cement, Zenith Bank, Nestle Nigeria and Access Bank made up the top five performers in terms of value traded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Equities market Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.