The Nigerian bourse ended last week on a strong bullish run to record three consecutive weeks of positive trades. Specifically, trading activities on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) made gains for five straight days as the All-Share Index and Market Capitalisation both appreciated by 1.41 per cent to close the week at 25,041.89 and N13.063 trillion respective. Thus investors gained N181.62 billion on a week to week basis. The bullish sentiment was an extension of the previous week’s uptrend as the market made five straight sessions of gains, with trading for the period opening on a positive note at 0.29 per cent. This was sustained for the rest of the week, with the index gaining 0.31, 0.16, 0.19 and 0.41 percentile respectively on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, bringing the week’s total gain to 1.41 per cent, which surpassed previous week’s 0.99 per cent rise. The performance index across the sectors was positive, except for the NSE Insurance which closed 0.28 per cent lower, while the NSE Banking index led advancers after gaining 4.94 per cent, followed by the NSE Oil/Gas, Consumer and Industrial goods that closed 4.81 per cent, 0.72 per cent and 0.10 per cent higher respectively. ALSO READ: FACT CHECK: Did Buruji Kashamu die on same date with his mother? Activities during the week, in terms of volume and value, were up by 154.76 per cent and 102.25 per cent respectively as investors traded 1.07 billion shares worth N10.80 billion from the previous week’s 421.98 million units valued at N5.34 billion. The week’s volume was boosted by trades in financial services, conglomerates and industrial goods stocks, especially FBN Holdings, UACN, Access Bank, Transcorp and Lafarge Africa. Neimeth Pharm and UACN Property were the best-performing stocks after gaining 21.38 per cent and 18.52 per cent respectively, closing at N1.82 and N0.96 per share on positive Q3 earnings ahead of full-year results and market forces. On the flip side, UACN and Total Nigeria lost 11.43 per cent and 9.91 per cent respectively, closing at N6.20 and N79.19 per share on weak earnings, the inconsistent statement and selloffs on negative numbers respectively.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.