RESIDENTS of Ikolaba area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital where a policeman was killed on Friday have narrated how the policeman died, just as the police claimed one rifle with 24-round live ammunition was stolen by the attackers. News had earlier trended on social media that the Ikolaba police station was attacked and a police corporal shot dead. The state police command had on Saturday said that the station was not attacked. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Olugbenga Fadeyi, in a statement released on Saturday said: “At about 9:00 p.m. on Friday, two policemen who were attached to Ikolaba Police Station and who were at the other side of the road of the station, were attacked by hoodlums in a moving vehicle. “In the process, one police corporal was shot dead, while one inspector was injured. “The injured inspector is currently recuperating in the hospital. “The police station was not attacked. Immediately, the Commissioner of Police got wind of the incident, he gave the marching order to all police tactical teams, including Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), Swift  Response Squad (SRS), SKYNET, Federal AND Safer Highway patrol teams, Puff Adder team, among others, to go after  the hoodlums. “The Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Operations also went there for an on the- spot assessment of the incident and all police teams were put on red alert. “Efforts are already being intensified to arrest the hoodlums,” Fadeyi said. While speaking to Sunday Tribune, the residents while describing how policeman was killed at Ikolaba, claimed the attackers were probably going for an operation when they encountered the policemen. A resident of the area who declined to give his name said they heard gunshots in the community late at night but that they weren’t sporadic. “It was just like some shots and it was very difficult to come out to confirm what was happening. “It was this morning  that we learnt that some hoodlums attacked some policemen and one died in the process.” Another resident of the area,  who also wanted to remain anonymous, however, claimed that the attack caught the policemen unawares for the hoodlums to have escaped from the scene after the act. In a follow-up statement on the incident, SP Fadeyi said the hoodlums snatched an AK-47 rifle with 24-round live ammunition from one of the victims, just as he named the deceased policeman as Corporal Dada Christopher, while Inspector Busuyi Ayodele is currently receiving treatment in the hospital.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN