Investigation has revealed that security checkpoints along major ports access roads like Wharf road, Creek road, Liverpool road and Marine road are mostly mounted at night by security officials contracted by many of the commercial banks located along these ports access roads for security purposes. Disclosing this to the Nigerian Tribune exclusively, Spokesman for the Council of Maritime Transport Unions and Associations (COMTUA), Alhaji Inuwa Abdullahi explained that these checkpoints are quickly dismantled when dawn is approaching, and are always mounted once it’s past midnight. According to Alhaji Inuwa Abdullahi, “The extortion happens mostly at nights, when most offices have closed for the day. The extortion happens in two ways; firstly from security officials stationed at diversionary routes along roads that are being repaired, and secondly from security officials contracted to guard commercial banks along the ports access roads. “For the diversionary routes, you know that the Marine Bridge is being repaired, and along a section of that bridge, one lane has been closed. The other lane that is open has been collapsed into two lanes through a diversion on top of the bridge. “At nights, the security officials stationed at that diversion point on top of the bridge demand money from truckers that seek to enter the port to drop empty containers or get jobs. Also, in the dead of the night, security officials contracted to guard commercial banks along the Wharf road, Liverpool Road, Creek road and Marine Road all come out and stand on these roads, demanding for all sort of money before allowing trucks to pass through. “At times, their demand can be N20,000 per truck or N50,000 per truck. So in a single night, if 10 trucks pass through a checkpoint, these security operatives could make between N200,000 to N500,000. “These roads all lead to the port, so instead of these security officials to stay inside the banks that they have been asked to guard, they troop out on the roads in the dead of the night and create artificial checkpoints to extort our members. “All these illegalities occur in the dead of the night, and once it’s 3am, these artificial checkpoints disappear. “We have complained at different forums to the port economic regulator, the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC), and they keep telling us that they will address the situation, but nothing has changed.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN