Oke Ogun is one of the zones of Oyo State comprising of more than 10 local government areas with major occupations ranging from farming to commerce and has many towns with large land mass suitable for farming and other businesses. In the last three decades, Oke-Ogun has produced quite a number of great men and women who are doing excellently in their field; education, health, media and economics, but it is unfortunate that successive governments in the state had paid lip service to putting in place developmental infrastructure that can attract investors to that part of the state. The political gladiators pay homage to the towns whenever election approaches and abandon them once they get what they desire from them in terms of substantive votes. Many towns and villages lack social amenities and infrastructure as well as security. Recently, the senator representing Oyo North senatorial district, Senator Abdul-fatai Buhari, moved a motion calling for the establishment of a University of Agriculture and Technology in Oke-Ogun and public hearing was held after legislative procedures, and the report of the public hearing well attended by stakeholders, traditional rulers and educationalists from the zone is awaiting transmission to president Muhammadu Buhari for ascent and other needful steps needed from the Federal Government. In the meantime, the good people of Oke-Ogun are using this medium to commend Senator Abdul-fatai Buhari for the initiative aimed at fast-tracking development in the zone. The Senator has done well for his people. We are still expecting more bills and motions from him to engender development. We appeal to President Muhammadu Buhari to assent to the bill whenever the Senate presents it to him for assent with a view to ensuring successful establishment of the university in the area. We know that the `name of President Buhari will be written in gold if he can do the zone this favour. He will be remembered in this regard forever. Taoheed Olajide Abdullahi, Oyo state  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE