Seven persons were on Wednesday night shot dead in Oluasiri community of Nembe-Bassambiri in Nembe Local Government Area of Bayelsa State during a gun battle among rival armed groups in the area over control of illegal bunkering and kidnapping businesses. The incident, which occurred on Wednesday at Isiah-Ama area of Oluasiri which community is known for allegedly hosting armed groups involved in illegal kidnapping and ownership of bunkering camps in Bayelsa State. Tribune Online gathered that the bloody rivalry battle was ignited among three armed gangs when one of the gangs was accused of allegedly withholding high calibre guns being used by all the gangs during illegal operations on the high sea. A community source confirmed that the three gangs involved are located in Izakiri, Ben-Ama and Isiah-Ama communities. These areas, according to the source, have become a den for armed militias operating along with the borders of Bayelsa and Rivers States. ALSO READ: Betraying emotions, Big Brother Naija ex-Housemate Khafi Kareem speaks on her brother’s murder in UK Both armed groups from Ben-Ama and Isiah-Ama camps suffered the highest casualty in the bloody battle that lasts over 10 hours, ”we also know that the affected gangs who lost foot soldiers have started burying their dead because the community does not allow fresh dead bodies kept in the community. Among the dead were two boys from a single parent.” “Every security agencies are aware of the illegal activities of these boys.The umbrella body of Ijaw Youths are aware and have kept quiet. The Oluasiri as a community, have cried severally over the activities of these people. But no action.” The Paramount Ruler of Isiah-Ama, HRH. Iyerite Chiefson Awululu, who spoke with leadership on phone on Thursday, confirmed that the gun battle was among militant factions in the area, ”the gun battle last for hours. And they have suffered some deaths. Seven or eight persons died in the clash.” “From reports reaching from my subjects, no innocent indigene was killed in the battle. And we have reported to the Local Government Chairman. The indigenes of the community had to cry out to avoid being hit by stray bullets.” The Chairman of the Nembe Local Government Area, Hon. Alalibo West, told leadership on Wednesday night, that the incident has been reported to the relevant security agencies including the State Commissioner of Police, Mike Okoli, the State Governor, Senator Douye Diri,” we have reported to the relevant authorities and have requested for gunboat patrol to calm the situation. And I learnt the situation is now under control.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN