Director-General, Oyo State Signage and Advertising Agency (OYSAA), Honourable Temilola Adibi, has called on the Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FEMA) to as a matter of urgency fix some bad portions at Odo/Oke-Oba/Odo-Oba portion of the Oyo-Ogbomoso Road. Adibi, a former House of Representatives member, who represented Ogbomoso North/Ogbomoso South federal constituency, while speaking with Nigerian Tribune on Sunday, decried the hardship motorists experience on that route, saying it is important for the Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FEMA) to do something drastic to address the problem, noting that the Oyo-Ogbomoso Road is very crucial to the economy of Oyo State and Nigeria as a whole as vehicles providing essential services to and from the Nothern part of the country ply that route with no alternative. “Plying that road has become hellish. As a matter of fact, sometimes it is usually a standstill situation because it is now difficult for vehicles to manoeuvre their way, forcing majority of them to opt for longer route to their destinations. There is also a bad portion at Ojude-Oolo opposite the police station situated along that route which requires urgent attention. “You may say that the road is domiciled in Oyo State, but I know for sure if the maintenance had been in the purview of the Oyo State Government, that His Excellency, the governor of the state, Mr Seyi Makinde, would have ordered the state road maintenance agency to repair it.” Adibi, a former Caretaker Chairman, Ogbomoso North Local Government, therefore called on FEMA, to promptly swing into action as far as the repair of the road is concerned, positing that the repair would no doubt bring relief to all road users and also make the economy activities along that route viable. He also advised that FEMA should transverse the road to check other areas which need attention and fix.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.