The Governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu has announced the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state from September 14, 2020. Sanwo-Olu made this known on Saturday through his Twitter account, adding that both Primary and Secondary schools may tentatively be reopened by 21st Sept. He maintained that Bars, lounges, Spas, night clubs remain closed for now.  Breaking news: All tertiary institutions in Lagos to reopen on September 14th. Primary and secondary schools may tentatively be reopened by 21st of Sept. Bars, lounges, Spas, night clubs remain closed for now! Gov @jidesanwoolu pic.twitter.com/IRdlZZyPTv — Gboyega Akosile (@gboyegaakosile) August 29, 2020  Details Later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Tertiary institutions to reopen Tertiary institutions to reopen Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Tertiary institutions to reopen Tertiary institutions to reopen Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Tertiary institutions to reopen