The Peoples Democratic Party Campaign Council in Kogi State on Thursday raised the alarm over the pending governorship tussle at the Supreme Court, accusing the camp of the state governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, of celebrating victory before the judgment is delivered. The party said there was an ongoing jubilation, victory and congratulatory messages currently being sent by the members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead the Supreme Court showdown between Engr Musa Wada of the PDP and the incumbent. A statement signed by Austin Usman Okai, on behalf of the Wada/Aro campaign council said the camp of the APC had been jubilating over the petition before the apex court, saying this is inimical and dangerous to the sustenance of democracy in Nigeria. According to the PDP, the prematured celebration emanating from the camp of Bello suggested that it already had knowledge of the final decision of the Supreme Court judgment. The campaign council added that the developement had already sent wrong signals and raises skepticism on fair play and partial stance of the judges going into the final lap of the legal tussle. The spokesman however alerted the Chief Justice of Nigeria and the people on the likely decadence of the judicial process in Nigeria, as been taunted by the camp of the governor. He added that similar scenario played out at the beginning of the litigation in February, when the governor’s camp boasted that they would come out victorious, saying that the efforts of PDP canadidate would be an exercise in futility. ALSO READ: PDP congratulates Adesina over re-election This development, according to the campaign council, was an indication that the judges were under pressure to play along with governor, whose election was widely condemned by Nigerians and the International Communities, over high handedness and glaring malpractices where killings and maimngs of innocent electorate occurred. ‘An election that brought embarrassement to the state and the country at large, tantamount to day light robbery should not be the pride of the judiciary to concede victory to Yahaya Bello, as it will not stand the test of time” The campaign council, which noted that the Nigerian judiciary could boast of eminent jurists should not allow the apex court to be a dumping ground for politicians with inordinate ambition. The council charged the apex court should stand firm against the manipulations of the judiciary and deliver its judgment without fear or favour. It would be recalled that the speaker of the state house of assembly, Matthew Kolawole, expressed confidence that Bello and his Deputy, Chief Edward Onoja, will be victorious at the Supreme Court. The Speaker disclosed this to Journalists in Abuja yesterday shortly after the conclusion of the hearing and the cases adjourned to Monday 31st, August for judgment. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE