A former deputy speaker of the Kwara State House of Assembly and high chief of the ancient town of Offa, Hon. Ayodele Shittu has died at the age of 72. Hon. Shittu, who reportedly died Saturday morning was an Awoist, a member of the first Kwara State House of Assembly representing Offa constituency 1979-1983. He was re-elected for a second term and Deputy Speaker of the House in 1983. Until his death, he was also a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state and the chairman of the state-owned International Vocational, Technical and Entrepreneurship College (IVTEC), Ajase Ipo. In a condolence message by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq on Saturday, the governor described as painful and shocking the death of Hon. Ayodele Shittu, praying the Almighty God to comfort the family and grant the departed statesman Al-Jannah Firdaus. “The governor received the news of this death with a rude shock. It is a very painful development and a sad loss to the state because the former Deputy Speaker was not just a respected APC leader with widespread goodwill across political divides but he was also a prominent community figure in Offa and the state,” according to a statement by the governor’s spokesman, Rafiu Ajakaye. “The governor commiserates with the entire Offa community, especially the family of the late politician. He expresses his deep concern over this loss and prays that Almighty God comforts the family and repose the soul of Hon. Ayodele Shittu.” Hon. Ayodele Shittu was the chairman of the HMA pharmaceutical company. He was a registered pharmacist with the Pharmacist Council of Nigeria since 1971. He worked with Pfizer Products as a Medical Representative and later as the Area Manager (North) in charge of the Salesforce between 1972 and 1975. He was the chairman/Chief Executive of Dele Chemist, a leading Pharmaceutical distribution and Retail outfit. He was the Executive Chairman of Ayo-Ayodele Pharmaceutical Chemists Nigeria Limited, a leading manufacturer of Medical and Surgical Cotton Wool from 1994 till date. He was a student union leader, Assistant General Secretary, National Union of Nigerian Students (NUNS) 1969 to 1970. A member of the first Kwara State House of Assembly representing Offa constituency 1979-1983, he was re-elected for a second term and Deputy Speaker of the House in 1983.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…” BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE