Former Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has said with the withdrawal of its invitation to Kaduna State governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai, as one of the speakers at its a convention, the association missed a good opportunity to interrogate the governor on why he is doing what he is doing. Sanusi said this on Sunday during a visit to the governor in Kaduna. According to him, “Everybody has a right to fair hearing and most importantly for me, if you feel that the governor is not doing something right, you should invite him and ask him to explain what he is doing. That is the best way to handle issues like this.” Meanwhile, former Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi ll has said, Governor Nasir El-rufai is not associated with religious bigotry describing his withdrawal from the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as sad for the freedom of speech. The former emir who was in Kaduna for an official visit arrived the state around 10:30 am Sunday cautioned the NBA not to allow the controversy to take religious or ethnic dimensions. # The former emir was received by the state governor Nasir el-Rufai at the Government House around 1 pm. Speaking inside the Governor’s Office, Sanusi described the NBA’s non-invitation to el-Rufai as sad for freedom of speech. He also said he was aware that most of the NBA members are not happy with the decision was taken to stop the governor from attending the conference. According to him, their action does not show the part of people who actually want progress, describing the governor as a nationalist and not a religious or ethnic bigot. Responding, Governor el-Rufai said the former Emir was in the state not  only to visit him but also as a vice chairman of the state investment promotion agency. “We hope by this visit, he will be briefed on the activities of the investment agency and also interact with all the agencies that are working to attract investment in the state,” he said. In the same development, a group of lawyers under the auspices of Radical Agenda Movement In the Nigerian Bar Association (RAMINBA), has called for the removal of the former president, Olusegun Obasanjo, and governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, as speakers in the planned 2020 Annual General Conference, of the NBA.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…