Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State on Saturday in Osogbo, Osun State capital said the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic would not allow his government to organise elaborate burial ceremony for late Senator Ayo Fasanmi, who died on Wednesday. Fasanmi is billed to be interred in his Iye Ekiti country home of Ekiti State on Tuesday at St John Cathedral Church, Iye Ekiti. Speaking during a condolence visit to the family of late Senator Ayo Fasanmi in Osogbo, Fayemi described the demise of the deceased as a great loss to the entire country. Fayemi who was represented by the chairman of Ekiti State Local Government Service Commission, Mr Samuel Abejide said: “Papa Fasanmi lived a fulfilled life of honesty and sincerity that worth being emulated by oncoming generations. Papa will always be adored by most of us coming after him. “He was an asset in every ramification of his life. An epitome of honesty, integrity, sincerity and above all, a man who is courageous in all phases of his life. I am here to condole with the family of Pa Fasanmi on behalf of the Ekiti State governor, Kayode Fayemi.” He, however, lamented that the current COVID-19 would be a very big hindrance to the state in giving him a befitting burial, stressing that “Pa Fasanmi’s burial should be showcased to the world because of his contribution to the country. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, the state will still do his burial within the confinement of COVID-19 safety protocols and guidelines. “As a father, his burial in Ekiti State is a homecoming for us. Ekiti as a state would have showcased the burial and would have loved to give him a befitting burial arrangement but for the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite that, we will still do the burial within the confinement of the law. “Immediately Governor Kayode Fayemi heard of Pa Fasanmi demise, preparation has been on top gear to give him befitting burial because he (Fayemi) is one of his sons in politics. Ekiti State executives would decide on how Pa Ayo Fasanmi will be immortalised,” Abejide remarked.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Attacks Salami Panel •Accuses Panel Of Using Looters Against Him SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has accused the presidential panel probing the activities of the anti-graft commission under his leadership of being hostile to him anytime he attempts to take up issue with those testifying against him…Read Full Story Nigeria Records New 462 COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 43,151 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 462 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. The 462 new cases have brought the nation’s confirmed cases of COVID-19 infection to 43,151… Read Full Story No Inch Of Yoruba Land Will Be Ceded To FG’s Creditors —Afenifere THE pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Friday declared that no inch of Yoruba land will be ceded to creditors of the Federal Government should there be reasons for its creditors to make such demands… Read Full Story Naira Marley Has Delivered On His Promise Of N1m To Me —Actor, Jude Chukwuka For actor, emcee and orator, Jude Ogomegbulem Chukwuka, he is a connector between the old and younger generations. Fame smiled on him recently as he became the talk of the town and everyone wanted to know more about his personality. In this chat with FEMI OGUNTAYO, the Delta-Igbo man, who is in his late… Read Full Story Oshiomhole’s Jolly Ride In Raw Realism IF you allow a lamb unfettered freedom to jump as he likes, he might end up breaking his tender legs. These were the words my grandfather used when he once remonstrated with a young, freedom-seeking me. It felt very picturesquely different and was piercing in a new way because I had just relocated from Ibadan… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE