Less than 60 days to the governorship election in Ondo State, the state Deputy Governor, Hon. Agboola Ajayi, on Friday formally joined the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) to contest the forthcoming governorship election in the state on the platform of the party. The deputy governor who dumped the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June this year and contested for the PDP governorship ticket but lost to Eyitayo Jegede. He, however, resigned his membership of the PDP to join ZLP last weekend before he was unveiled as the party flag bearer of the party in the October 10 governorship election Speaking during his official defection to ZLP, Ajayi hinged his desire to join ZLP on his strong conviction that the narrative could be changed to bring unprecedented development to the state, saying the people of the state deserve real positive change and not just a change. He said: “I am here to officially announce to you that I am a bonafide member of ZLP today and decamped to ZLP with my teeming supporters across the 18 local government areas of the state. “I am taking this action based on the calls and advice from all my supporters across the state and I assure you that the state will soon witness new dawn, peace and progress “I am humbled by calls, advice and demands from critical stakeholders, supporters and most importantly, the generality of the people as the arrowhead of a new dependable, credible and vibrant alternative alliance for a desirable leadership for the state. “The collective wishes and yearnings of the good people of Ondo State remain the impetus for the bid to wrestle the governance of the state from a political demagogue,” he concluded. He said after critical analysis the terrain, he decided to found the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) as the dependable platform to rescue Ondo State from a lacklustre, nepotistic and clannish leadership. “Today, I formally join the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP), to achieve the noble cause of giving Ondo State a new direction and purposeful leadership. I call on all my teeming supporters, friends, followers and the admirers of good governance to show commitment and dedication by mobilizing and campaigning for the Zenith Labour Party in their various wards across the state. Ajayi urged his supporters across the state to commence mobilisation across the wards and local government areas to ensure victory for the party in the next election. He said “I went you to move out in your large number and mobilise for ZLP and ensure victory for our party. We are in the governorship race to change the narrative. “I want to assure you that rigging will not be allowed in this forthcoming governorship election and we will do everything to make your vote count in the election.” Admitting Ajayi into ZLP fold, the state Chairman of the party, Hon. Joseph Akinlaja described Ajayi as a big fish for the party which calls for a celebration. He emphasised that the ideology of the party is deeply rooted in the social-democratic ethos which is fighting for the welfare of the people, inequality, “The manifesto of our party is to invest in massive infrastructural facilities, human capital development through the democratisation of access to education by all, make health facilities available and accessible to the people “You would recall that all the above and even more were faithfully implemented during the administration of our National leader and former governor of the state, Dr Olusegun Mimiko as governor of the state between 2009 to 2016”. Akinlaja, however, called on political class not to heat up the polity and said “let us moderate our activities, de-emphasise thuggery and not encourage violence in any form as the lives of our people are very, very important” With the development, the ZLP is set to substitute its governorship candidate, Benjamin Rotimi with Ajayi for the forthcoming governorship election in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper… I am propelled by the call to serve WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… I am propelled by the call to serve Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza. I am propelled by the call to serve 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by … I am propelled by the call to serve Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the… I am propelled by the call to serve Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE