A 10-year-old boy has been discovered chained and has been living and eating with goats for two years in Kebbi State. Aliyu Bandado, Coordinator/Senior Special Assistant New Media to the Executive Governor of Kebbi state revealed the discovery of the boy in a press statement on Tuesday. He said the 10-year-old boy has since been rescued and is currently at Sir Yahaya Specialist Hospital, Birnin Kebbi where he is responding to treatment. The statement also disclosed that a delegation from the Kebbi State government has taken up responsibility for the boy. The child, Jamilu Aliyu, met his unfortunate condition from the time he lost his biological mother over two years ago. Thus, he fell under the custody of his biological father and two stepmothers where he was chained and taken to live with the goats in a room. During the two years he stayed with the animals he had been eating grass, chaff and other food items meant for the animals. The statement maintained that because he was practically denied food he resorted to feeding on the food given to the animals he was staying with. Available information revealed that he sometimes ate his own faeces for his survival. By the time he was rescued by a human rights group, he was emaciated, dehydrated and had become partially deformed. His father, Malam Aliyu Badariya and his two wives are in the police custody for interrogation before they will be charged to court for justice to take its course.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.