THE Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello has assented to the bills for the establishment of the Confluence University of Science and Technology, Osara and the Central Reference Hospital, Okene which were passed by the State House of Assembly respectively. The governor while performing this statutory function in his office said the importance of education and health to the society cannot be overemphasized. He reiterated the fact that the world economy is gravitating from being theoretical based to a more advanced and practical innovative driven style of knowledge acquisition and Confluence University would serve as a specialized one that will provide the much-needed manpower for the ever-increasing industries within and outside the country. He also made a firm promise by stating that his people-driven administration will devote the much-needed resources, time and dedication to ensure that the people-oriented project is commissioned before the expiration of his tenure. In the same vein, the governor also signed the bill for the establishment of Central Reference Hospital Okene as part of his administration’s efforts towards boosting healthcare delivery in the state. Governor Bello said that he had earlier signed into law, the Kogi State Health Insurance Scheme which he noted, will guarantee every citizen of the state access to quality health services within the state. Earlier, the speaker of the Kogi State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon Mathew Kolawole commenting on the two bills stated that the bills were of immense value to the people of the state. This is not far fetched from the roles a robust educational and public health sector would play in the life of the people. He commended the governor for assenting to the bills while thanking members of the assembly for meticulously considering the bills for swift passage. In his vote of thanks, the State’s Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice Mohammed Ibrahim, SAN commended the governor for his speedy assent the bills, saying the two sectors were critical to the development of the state. He commended the State House of Assembly for the “timely passage” of the two Bills saying “the action of the state Assembly and its members is historic and a catalyst for the industrial revolution in the state.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN