Men of the Ondo State Police Command have arrested a “Yahoo boy”, and a 65-year-old pastor, Festus Adebayo over their alleged involvement in using the menstrual pad of a clergyman’s daughter for ritual. Adebayo was arrested alongside the boyfriend of the clergyman’s daughter, Gbemisola Olufusi, who is said to be a “Yahoo boy,” following complaints from the family of the 20-year-old clergyman’s daughter. The young lady who is a daughter of an “Apostle,” was said to have been cajoled to release her used menstrual pad to her boyfriend, Olafusi, who conspired with the pastor to use the pad for ritual. It was gathered the 24-year-old Olafusi conspired with the pastor after which he collected the menstrual pad of his girlfriend and disappeared from the town with Adebayo since December 2019. A family source disclosed that the incident happened in December 2019 in Ondo town, headquarters of Ondo West Local Government area of Ondo State while the girl started to discharge strange substances from her private part after two months. This aroused the suspicion of the young lady who informed her parents that she might have been used for ritual while her father filed a complaint at the police station, Enuowa Division in Ondo town. Speaking, the father of the victim said the young lady had been visiting hospitals, disclosing that two major operations had been performed on her. “When we noticed a strange substance was coming out of my daughter’s body. We reported the case to the police after a series of prayers. We have done different operations and we are still carrying out tests.” Following the complaints, the police began monitoring the pastor and the suspected “Yahoo boy” who had been away for several months until they returned to the town recently. Confirming the arrest of the suspect, the state’s Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Tee-Leo Ikoro said the case has been transferred to the homicide section of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (SCIID) for further investigation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE