The Police in Badagry, Lagos, on Tuesday, said they had arrested three robbery suspects who allegedly robbed three fishermen of N1.6 million and other valuables at Gberefu beach in Badagry. A police source told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Badagry that two of the suspects were arrested on July 27 at a hideout in Shibiri area of Ajangbadi, Lagos, while the other was arrested on Aug. 11 at Seme, Badagry. The source said that one of the victims, who was shot for removing the mask of one the five masked robbers, was hospitalized at Badagry General Hospital. He said the two suspects earlier arrested had been transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Lagos, for further investigation. The source said the third suspect arrested Aug 11, was traced through his phone that fell inside the boat and had allegedly confessed to ownership the cellphone. He said the suspect allegedly confessed to have received N70,000 as his share of the N1.6 million loot while the outboard engine was sold to a man in Cotonou, Republic of Benin. FSP Bala Elkana, Spokesman of Lagos Police Command, did not respond to several calls and text messages for confirmation. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.