MINISTER of State for Foreign Affairs Ministry, Ambassador Zubairu Dada has admonished the newly inaugurated 14-member Adhoc Committee on the Establishment of Diaspora Investment Trust Fund to work assiduously and justify the confidence reposed on them by making recommendations that would be of good help to the mission and objectives of the fund. In a statement authorised by Head of Media, Public Relations and Protocol Unit, Gabriel Odu, and made available to newsmen in Abuja, asked the committee to submit its report in the next one month. While inaugurating the committee, Ambassador Dada enjoined them to, among other things, advise the government on the structure of the fund (especially a private sector-led and driven by the Nigerians in Diaspora. He further urged them to advice the government the sources and value of the fund; the processes for and procedure for its establishment; the procedure and guidelines for accessing the fund and its utilisation; the fund Managers/Management and any other issues pertinent to the realization and establishment of the fund. Earlier, the Chairman/Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Honourable Abike Dabiri-Erewa had expressed delight that the committee is being established, the first-ever in the history of Nigeria, an outcome of the first Nigerian Diaspora Investment Summit held in 2018. She further urged them to carry out its functions by virtual means given the circumstances of COVID-19 Pandemic. The committee members have Dr Ali Garba of Financial Investment Services Wisconsin USA as Chairman, while Professor Manny Aniebonam, Global Investor and Member, NIDAN (Nigerians in Diaspora Alumni Network) as Secretary. Other members include Chief Bimbo Roberts Folayan; Ms Lola Visser Mabogunje; Barrister Kachi Okezie; Mr Femi Odere; Dr Mrs Ngozi Ogbonna-Erondu; Ambassador Edward Sarki; Mr Uche Orji; Mr Mansur Nuhu Bamalli; Ms Gbemi Adesemowo; Honourable Abdulrahman Terab; Mariam Madaki and representative of Ministry of Finance. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Diaspora Trust Fund Diaspora Trust Fund Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Diaspora Trust Fund Diaspora Trust Fund Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Diaspora Trust Fund Diaspora Trust Fund