The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Polaris Bank Limited, Mr Tokunbo Abiru, has announced his retirement from the service of Polaris Bank, effective August 31, 2020. Abiru hinged his retirement on the successful completion of his second two-year tenure at the helm of the bank. According to a statement from Polaris Bank, Abiru, in a farewell message to the staff of the bank, explained that having served meritoriously in the banking industry for nearly three decades, he had resolved to retire to enable him contribute his quota in other areas of the society. He was quoted to have said, “It gives me great pleasure to say that, with the support of the board, executive management and all of you, we have delivered on the mandate given to us by the Central Bank of Nigeria upon assumption of office in 2016.” Going down memory lane, he reminded staff of the bank’s poor state before he assumed office in 2016 as the Group Managing Director of the erstwhile SkyeBank. He noted that all prudential ratios were out of compliance with regulatory requirements, capital was negative, the loan book was mostly delinquent, while liquidity faced deposit attrition. Furthermore, the IT infrastructure was dilapidated and employee morale was low, resulting in erosion of public confidence. He praised the staff for working with him to reverse the trend and bring about an institution that has become a compelling case study in corporate turnaround within Nigeria’s financial services industry. In his words: “We have reversed almost all regulatory ratios for good and currently rank amongst the very best in the industry. There can be no better testament to the much-improved state of the bank than the full year 2019 results in which the bank posted Profit After Tax (PAT) of N27billion.  To buttress the fact that this is sustainable, the bank’s first half 2020 result showed a PAT of over N18billion, despite the tremendous headwinds brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.” He went on to say: “We also commenced the refreshment of the bank’s IT infrastructure, which had largely become outdated and dilapidated due to years of under-investment.  As a result of the successful completion of the first phase of the IT Refresh Program, which consisted mainly of upgrade of the infrastructure and digital platforms, and relocation of the bank’s Data Centres to Tier III data locations as mandated by CBN regulations and in line with global best practices, the bank’s customers are now experiencing significantly improved service delivery. “In addition, by introducing and committing resources to the Agency Banking model, we have contributed in no small measure to deepening financial inclusion for the unbanked and under-banked throughout the length and breadth of Nigeria.” He restated that today’s Polaris Bank has been successfully positioned as a bank of choice in Nigeria due to the work that has been put in by the various stakeholders including the loyal customers of the bank. On the issue of leadership succession, Mr Abiru said, “During this period leading to my final disengagement, I will work closely with the CBN, the board of directors and executive management of our bank to ensure a seamless transition and smooth handover to my successor.” Tokunbo Abiru was appointed the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the then SkyeBank in July 2016. Before his appointment, he had served in several capacities in some of the leading banks in Nigeria’s banking industry, including at one time as an Executive Director in First Bank of Nigeria Plc. He was at various times appointed as Non–Executive Director in some leading companies, including Econet (now Airtel) Mobile Networks Limited, and FBN Capital Limited (now FBN Merchant Bank Limited). Mr Abiru has also had a brief stint in public service, having served from 2011 to 2013 as the Honorable Commissioner of Finance for Lagos State Government under Governor Babatunde R. Fashola (SAN). Following the establishment of Polaris Bank in September 2018, the Central Bank of Nigeria affirmed the performance of the bank’s board of directors, and reappointed Mr Tokunbo Abiru to lead the new bank; a position he held until opting for voluntary retirement from the Bank. Ahead of Abiru’s retirement announcement, there had been speculations that he was being considered by the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos to fly the party’s flag at the Lagos East senatorial bye-election slated for October 31 to elect a replacement for Senator Sikiru Adebayo Osinowo, who died recently.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis…