Nigeria has foreclosed any possibility of an ambush during the Thursday election of African Development Bank (AfDB) president as it has almost doubled its voting rights. Bloomberg reported that the country increased its voting rights to 16.8 per cent as the AfDB annual meetings commence on Tuesday this week. Nigeria’s Dr Akinwumi Adesina is seeking re-election after his initial tenure which commenced in 2014. He is the first Nigerian to hold the position since the continental development institution began operations. Adesina is going into the election as a sole candidate after the African Union Heads of States and Government unanimously endorsed him for the job. In 2015, the former Agriculture minister was challenged for the job by Chadian Finance Minister, Kordje Bedoumra and Cape Verde’s Agriculture Minister, Cristina Duarte. Earlier this month, Adesina was finally cleared of multiple allegations of wrongdoing by some faceless bank staff under the guise of whistle-blowers. Nigeria became the biggest rights holder by far, followed by so-called non-regional members Germany with 7.4 per cent and the US with 5.5 per cent, according to a memorandum sent to governors on August 20. It boosted its voting power by paying subscriptions it had pledged as part of a general capital before the January deadline. The annual meetings will take place virtually between August 25 and 27 after they were postponed in May because of the spread of the coronavirus. “The format of the meetings has been adapted to consider the physical constraints imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic,” it said on its website. Last month, an independent panel backed an AfDB probe that found no evidence of wrongdoing by Adesina, 60, in his bid to seek re-election as head of the continent’s biggest multilateral lender. The decision was also a rebuff to US Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, whose rejection of the institution’s ethics committee’s original report led to the review. In March, the lender issued a $3 billion social bond to help African countries deal with the fallout from the pandemic. The bank also launched a $10 billion crisis-response facility for African nations. Its shareholders include 54 nations on the African continent and 27 countries in the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Asia.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN