Governor David Umahi, on Wednesday, issued the staff of office to His Royal Highness, Ezeogo Augustine Okwor, the Onwa Puta, Igbo Amalu 11 of Nkalaha, Ishielu LGA, Ebonyi State. According to a statement signed by the Special Assistant to the governor, Francis Nwaze, the event took place at the Governor’s Conference Hall, Ochudo Centenary City, Abakaliki and had in attendance members of the State Executive Council, key stakeholders of Ishielu and well-wishers. Governor Umahi during the event urged HRH Ezeogo Augustine Okpor to bring his wealth of experience to bear in the running of the traditional stool as seasoned administrator. “By the power conferred on me by traditional rulers and autonomous communities CAP 146 2009 Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria duly certified that you, His Highness Ezeogo, Augustine Okwor Aliuna 11 of Nkalaha has been duly selected by the said community and presented to me in accordance with the traditional rulers and autonomous communities Laws of Ebonyi State do hereby accord you recognition as the traditional ruler of Nkalaha Autonomous Community in Ishielu LGA Ebonyi State, congratulations.  “This is your staff of office, you must use it at all functions, ensure with your experience you bring peace in your community,” Governor Umahi said. In his acceptance speech, HRH Ezeogo Okwor said he will live up to the expectations of office in accordance with the ideal of Governor Umahi whom he described as a transformational leader. The new Nkalaha Autonomous Community monarch was a former council chairman, board member and has held various political positions. His predecessor died earlier this year.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men…