Kano State government in its effort to ensure quick dispensation of justice and fair hearing, on Tuesday, confirmed the appointment of six new high court judges. The judges were confirmed on Tuesday after all the processes for the appointment of high court judges were satisfied. According to the announcement, those judges confirmed are Justices Abdurahman Maiwada, Maryam Sabo, Zuwaira Yusuf Ali, Jamilu Sulaiman, Sunusi Ma’aji and Hafsat Yayha Sani. However, the first three were from the judiciary as they were former Magistrates while the last two were from the state Ministry of Justice, and Jamilu Sulaiman was chief registrar at the state High Court.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years
THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever
This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.