The management of Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NIMET) has insisted that there was no justification for the threat of going on strike by the joint union of workers; Association of Nigeria Aviation Professionals (ANAP) and the National Union of Air Transport Employees (NUATE) saying most of the sundry issues they laid claim to have been either addressed or currently being attended to, adding that the strike would rather distract the agency’s attention in pursuing these noble goals. In a letter sent to the unions by the Director-General, of NIMET, Professor Sani Mashi declared that the resolutions reached in March 2019 by the Ministerial Committee on the Harmonisation of Salaries of Staff in Aviation Agencies which the unions were well represented had been presented to the National Salaries, Wages and Income Commission for further action with the Ministry of Aviation exclusively charged with the task of handling the matter with commission. On the issue of the payment of promotion arrears, the Mashi urged the unions to realise that it was the Office of the Account General of the Federation and not the agency that was responsible for the payment of this arrears and that the management of the agency has been consistently pursuing the matter with the AGF’s office through contacts with the relevant departments. Speaking on the palliative issue, he; however, used the opportunity to hint of how the “agency’s department of accounts and finance have computed and paid monetary compensation to all staff on essential duty. As at last week, only one week palliative was in arrears and this has been settled this week. “On the issue of lateral conversion, the management wishes to state that it is not true that the agency is denying lateral conversion to staff on professional cadres who graduated after attaining grade level 10. However, in 2016 when the Agency’s Senior Staff Committee recommended for the lateral conversion of Officers on Salary Grade Level 10 and above, the Ministry of Aviation stepped it down on the ground that the Agency’s practice contravenes Extant Rules and Regulations.” “In giving importance to training of staff, the management in 2019 developed a guideline to standardise and formalise requests for study leaves for diploma, undergraduate, post graduate diploma and post graduate programmes. As a matter of policy and practice the issues of training and retraining of staff have been taken seriously”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN