The Interfaith Mediation Centre has called for a renewed commitment on the part of Nigerians in the fight against corruption in the country. Co-Executive Director of the Centre in charge of Christian matters, Pastor James Wuye, made the call on Monday during a town hall meeting in Kafanchan, Kaduna State. ”Citizens need to take the anti-corruption fight seriously as both Christianity and Islam preach against the practice. ‘The fight against corruption can only be successful when people first purge themselves of their impurities. “The first and greatest jihad in Islam is to conquer yourself and deal with the impurities in your life before you can reach out to others. “Similarly in Christianity, you cannot serve God without purity,” he added He said corruption hinders development, noting that people should stop paying mere lip service to the fight against the menace. Also speaking, Malam Garba Adamu, the Acting Chairman of Jama’atu Nasril Islam, JNI, Jema’a Local Government Area chapter, said corruption was a direct result of moral decadence in the society. ALSO READ: Apapa will open to traffic in October ― Lagos govt Adamu noted that corruption was not limited to financial impropriety or bribery, but involved other dishonest acts perpetuated in homes which many engaged in unconsciously. He called on leaders at all levels to exhibit transparency and be accountable for anything put into their care to engender trust. ”JNI activities have helped change our members’ perception of corruption and ways to curb it,” he said. Contributing, representatives of various groups, including traditional, religious, women and youth groups, said previous meetings had helped outline their roles in the fight against corruption. They appealed to political office holders to be equitable in the distribution of resources to give everyone a sense of belonging. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.