The Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Warri Correspondents Chapel, have appealed to the Federal Government to urgently fix the failed portions of the Benin-Sapele Expressway. The Benin-Sapele Expressway, which has been in a deplorable state over the years with many lives and property lost, is critical to the economy of the country as it links four oil-producing states: Edo, Delta, Bayelsa and Rivers to the north. The NUJ chapel in a statement issued on Saturday after a tour of the dilapidating road by some members, averred that the call had become necessary to ameliorate the unending suffering motorists and commuters were being subjected to daily on the ever-busy road. Chairman and assistant scribe of the chapel, Mr Okies Veeky and Mrs Betty Idialu, who signed the statement, disclosed that members of the chapel had carried out a tour of the road to ascertain the degree of its deplorable state following the persistent outcries by motorists. The NUJ Warri Chapel noted that some sections of the road were at the verge of total collapse and could sever Edo State from Delta State if urgent steps were not taken to reverse the trend. The NUJ identified spots such as the stretch between Koko Junction in Delta State and parts of Ologbo in Edo State where over 20 lives were reportedly lost a fortnight ago when a fuel-laden truck crashed into a bad portion of the road and caught fire. “As a union, we can no longer keep mute while the Federal Government continues to neglect the only access road that links the West to the South-South region of the country. “The earlier government intervenes the better,” the statement read in part. The journalists recalled how some motorists had been spending days on some bad spots of the road in spite of the pledge to fix it by the embattled Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) after inauguration early 2020. Decrying the deplorable state of the road, a truck driver simply identified as Mr Tunde, who was conveying goods from Port Harcourt to Kano, but had his truck stuck in one of the bad portions of the road, said most drivers now spend days stuck on the road. “I have spent almost one week in this Ologbo village because my truck ran into a ditch. “I have been sleeping under the cold since, waiting for another truck that will tow mine own from this ditch. I want to plead with the Federal Government to please come to our aid. “Government is the only one we can cry to; we are really suffering and also losing money on this road,” he lamented. The NUJ, therefore, appealed to the FG, particularly the Minister of Works, Mr Raji Fashola, to intervene before further lives are property are lost to road crashes and bandits.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.