The Presidency has described as, ill-advised and uncalled for, the reported plan by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) to embark on a nationwide protest over the alleged President Buhari’s “inaction over the high-level of corruption uncovered at the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). A statement issued by Garba Shehu Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja over the matter on Monday, said this is considering that there are ongoing investigations in the cases by both the Executive and Legislative arms of government. The statement said the processes must be allowed to run their full courses. It explained that it is against the norm in a democratic society as well as the natural laws of justice to seek “action,” meaning punishment against offenders before the proper investigation, trial and conviction. According to the Presidency, the President has made it clear that the allegations that have surfaced clearly “constitute a breach of trust” and as the investigations take hold and closeout, all those found wanting will face the wrath of the law. ALSO READ: PTF, INEC brainstorm on measures to stem COVID-19 at elections The statement added: “The TUC planned strike, as an enlightened group of labour Unionists, should indeed voice their indignation whenever such acts are being unearthed. “However the expectation will be for it to also raise the bar higher, in terms of the debate concerning the impact of such allegations on our ability, to create and retain employment, attract investment, improve the living conditions of its members and citizens, and how a preponderance of these heinous crimes decimates any gains being made in other spheres. “The world is confronted with a global public health crisis, the decline in economic growth, and expanding areas of conflict by non-state actors. “All these ills in their singular or combined form are consuming every nation. Nigeria is no exception; we must hold the line and lock arms that way we rid ourselves of these existential issues whilst we grapple with those that are our own homegrown problems. “This administration is committed to doing just that, and organisations like the TUC should be extending a hand in supporting such a fight that is in our collective interest.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TUC planned strike Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE