The Rivers State government and construction giant, Julius Berger, on Friday, entered into N15.8billion contract for the construction of a fourth flyover at the GRA junction of the Port Harcourt-Aba Expressway. The contract also covers the dualisation of the Ezimgbu Link Road up to Stadium Road, and from Genesis Eatery Axis of Tombia Road up to Ikwerre Road. Julius Berger has already reached an advanced stage of completion of three other flyovers at Garrison and Arttilery junctions and Rumuokoro roundabout with the latest bringing it up to four to be constructed by the Nyesom Wike administration. Speaking at the event, Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike reiterated his commitment to providing quality infrastructure that would enhance the development of Rivers State and restated his commitment to providing quality infrastructure that would enhance the development of the State. According to him, “the provisions of critical infrastructure will not be politicised because Rivers people deserve the best”. ALSO READ: Police arraign man for alleged assault, stealing “Today, we have signed the papers for the award of N15.8billion  contract for the GRA Flyover and also the dualisation of the Ezimgbu Link Road up to Stadium Road, and from Genesis Eatery Axis of Tombia Road up to Ikwerre Road”. The governor further declared; “It is unprecedented that a state can dream, commence and complete construction of five flyovers within a year. “We will pay Julius Berger Nigeria PLC, 70 per cent of the contract fee upfront. This will enable them to keep to the terms agreed of delivering on the job within 12 months. “The rains cannot be used as an excuse because we are going to pay them. I trust the capacity of Julius Berger and I believe that Rivers State deserves the best”. He dismissed comments by critics that he is concentrating development on Port Harcourt to the detriment of other parts of the state saying that he would not politicise anything that has to do with the construction of roads in the interest of the state. The governor maintained that any investment made in the state capital goes a long way to boost the image of the state. “We are providing infrastructure and roads in all the 23 local government areas. We are also at the point of constructing a road from Woji town connecting Aleto- Alesa up to Port Harcourt Refinery junction. “That road will help the people of Okrika to access Port Harcourt within ten minutes without going through the East-West road,” he stated. Wike also announced the court judgment that has affirmed that the Rivers State Government is the owner of the OML11. “Yesterday, we got a judgment against Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) that OML 11 and Kidney Island belong to Rivers State Government. “For us, whatever we will do to enhance the development of the state, we will do it within the period we are in office,” he stated. Managing Director, Julius  Berger Nigeria PLC, Dr Lars Ritchter said they are delighted to be part of the success story of Governor Wike’s administration pointing out that they started with pole hole contracts in 2015, and has since constructed 19 Roads. Other projects completed include the Port Harcourt Pleasure Park, Ecumenical Centre, Cinema and Restaurant. According to Dr Ritchter, two of the three flyovers started in October 2019 will be delivered by December 2020 and the third one in February 2021. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE