The Correspondents’ Chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) in Osun on Thursday conducted a bye-election where a new chairman was elected to run the affairs of the chapel till January 2022. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mr Tunji Omofoye of the Guardian Newspaper was elected to finish the term of the immediate past Chairman of the chapel, Mr Olaniyan Ajibola. Ajibola resigned his position to take up the post of the Chief Press Secretary of the state Deputy Governor. Mr Tunji Omofoye scored 14 votes to defeat his opponent, Mr Adeolu Adeyemo of the New Telegraph, who polled 11 votes. In his acceptance speech, Omofoye thanked members of the chapel for the confidence reposed on him and solicited more support for the executive in the next one and half years. He promised that the chapel, under his leadership, would witness tremendous changes and transformation in all spheres, through keeping the spirit of unity and brotherhood among members. ALSO READ: LASEMA, stakeholders constitute committee on gas cylinder safety in Lagos Also speaking, the Osun NUJ Assistant Secretary, Mr Shina Abubakar, who came to observe the by-election from the state council of the NUJ, commended members of the chapel for their conduct during the election. Abubakar also appreciated the support of the Correspondents’ chapel to the state council of the NUJ, advising the newly elected chairman and his team to work together in taking the chapel to greater heights. He said, “I want to admonish our new chairman today to ensure that the next one and a half years, the chapel witnesses reforms and improvement. “Your position is a call to service and don’t forget it is necessary and important that you work together with every member of this chapel.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m   Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.