THE Nigeria Governors’  Forum (NGF) Security S u b – C o m m i ttee will today (Tuesday) hold a crucial meeting over  growing concerns on the security challenges ravaging the country. The chairman of the NGF, Dr Kayode Fayemi, in a  statement obtained by the Nigerian Tribune, unveiled plans to interface with President Muhammadu Buhari and the service chiefs on the worsening security situation across the country after the meeting. The NGF chairman also expressed solidarity with Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State over last Wednesday’s  ttack on his convoy by suspected Boko Haram terrorists. Dr Fayemi said: “On behalf of the 36 state governors of the  Federal Republic of Nigeria under the platform of the NGF, I write to express our solidarity with you and the people of Borno State following the last Wednesday’s attack by gunmen suspected to be members of the Boko Haram sect. “This is one unwarranted attack too many. It epitomizes our collective vulnerability and the fragility of the country’s  security architecture. “Although you emerged from this incident unscathed, we note with regret the injuries sustained by two members of the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) and a police officer attached to your convoy and do accordingly  pray for their quick recovery. “Mr Governor, Forum members are resolutely behind you in your effort to rid Borno State of these dastardly and wicked  agents of evil. “We are appalled by the worsening security situation in the country generally, in spite of all the  efforts of government to end it. “On our part, the NEC Sub-Committee on Security will be meeting tomorrow (today) and rising from the resolutions thereof, we will soon dialogue with Mr President and the nation’s security chiefs to discuss this worrisome and rapidly  degenerating situation. “On a final note, Mr Governor, we thank God for always being merciful .”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE