The Federal Executive Council (FEC), on Wednesday, approved a total contract sum of N5.485 billion for secretariat buildings in five states and the rehabilitation of the Lower Usuma dam. Briefing State House correspondents after the council meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, the Minister of Works and Housing Babatunde Fashola, who was joined by his Information and Culture, and Federal Capital Territory (FCT) counterparts, Lai Mohammed and Mohammed Bello, respectively, gave the five contracts as secretariats in Anambra, Bayelsa, Osun, Nassarawa and Zamfara states. The variation approved by the council is N3.9 billion changing the full contract amount from N13.56 billion to N17.54 billion. Fashola said: “The buildings are to serve as housing for government staff in those states who have been using rented buildings. These secretariats are necessary to enable us house federal workers in these states. The problem arose from the creation of new states, in assets sharing some of the old states took the whole secretariats, so our staff in those states, across all federal ministries, are either in rented official premises for their work or squatting in state government premises. “For example, my ministry has controllers in all the 36 states; Controllers for Works, Controllers for Housing. These are some of the people, apart from other ministries who have staff in those states. “Council approved this variation and the intention is to enable us to complete the projects. You might recall I briefed you some time last year about approval for the award for the furniture, so all the furniture has been completed, they are in the warehouse, so it’s just for us to complete the buildings now and install them.” ALSO READ: Kwara arranges WAEC exam for 16-year-old COVID-19 patient Also speaking on the issue, the information minister, added: “What was approved today is N3.9 billion, not N17 billion. N17 billion is the total cost of the projects. These projects started since 2011 and many of them have reached completion, like Gombe State. Some are in various stages of completion, money has been paid to a certain level. So all that has been approved today was the variation of N3.9 billion, not N17 billion.” In his contribution, the minister of the FCT, Bello said the council also approved the rehabilitation of the Lower Usuma Dam Water Treatment Plant Phase 2 with an additional cost of N1.5 billion, bringing the total contract sum to N2.52 billion. He noted that the contract is to last 12 months and will provide water for FCT residents for the next 30 years. Bello added: “In the meeting of today, the council approved a very important infrastructure project for the city of Abuja. And that project is the rehabilitation of Lower Usuma Dam Water Treatment Plant Phase Two at the sum of N1,510,206,066. And the contract was awarded to a company called Cupero Nigeria Ltd with a completion period of 12 months. “The contract was originally awarded at N1,017,979,566, the additional sum of N1,510,206,066 approved by FEC brings the total contract sum to N2,528,187,633. “The scope of work entails general rehabilitation, repairs of and replacement of electro-mechanical components and laboratory restoration, rehabilitation of chemical and chlorine buildings, and general civil engineering work. “As you know, the water treatment plant is a very important infrastructure project. The contact is to rehabilitate that Treatment Plant which has been in operation for about 30 years. And it fills into Mr President’s agenda of providing needed infrastructure and rehabilitating already existing infrastructure. “ By the time it is done, the Water Treatment Plant will continue to provide service to residents of Federal Capital city of Abuja for maybe another 30 years to come.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN