As part of efforts to provide support for small-medium enterprises, a new public relations agency, Halona Media has been launched. Halona Media is a public relations agency founded by young creatives to support brands in selling their stories to the targeted audience with huge leverage on its solid background in media and public relations. Services the agency is rendering include, public relations, creation of bespoke contents, crisis management, social media management, product launch, events organization, amongst others. The Executive Director, Abass Oyeyemi while addressing newsmen at the virtual global press conference of the agency said: “We are glad to announce to the world that, our philosophy of growth, communications and augmentations of human interactions cannot be limited to mere physical dealings. The goal is to help businesses find their rhythm and make people dance to our tune of creativity.” The Head of Creative Strategy and Innovative Unit, Yusuf Adetola, while commenting said, “we are taking a huge step of commitment into the future with a positive mindset coupled with an attractive philosophy of growth! This gigantic step is nothing but a sample of the big feats that are yet to be unveiled with HalonaMedia!” “We’ve packages available to ensure the growth and sustainability of small-medium enterprises. We look forward to creating these viable partnerships with them,” Faith Akande, the Head of Events and Programs Activations remarked.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…How VCN Africa  How VCN Africa MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…How VCN Africa  How VCN Africa 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN