Following a motion sponsored by the lawmaker representing Ughelli North, Ughelli South and Udu Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Francis Ejiroghene Waive on the floor of the House, the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Tuesday, presented relief materials to Uwheru people of Delta State. Tribune Online recalls that the community was under a heavy attack by suspected herdsmen leading to the death of about 10 persons in Agadama, Avwon, Agadama, Ohoro communities in Ughelli North Local Government Area of the state early in the year. Speaking before handing over the materials to the people at Agadama Primary School, the NEMA Director-General, Mohammadu Mohammad, who was represented by Mr Ifeanyi Omeje, a Principle Accountant, urged the people to make judicious use of the items. In his remarks, Hon Waive sued for peace among indigenes and residents of in the Urhobo kingdom. According to him, “when the herdsmen attack happened, I moved a motion on the floor of the House drawing the attention of the Federal Government to the situation, calling for relief materials as well as an investigation into the causes of the incessant attacks. “Thereafter, I followed up with the relevant agencies of the Federal Government with a view to seeing the actualization of all the prayers of my motion. “Today, I am glad that NEMA has responded by providing relief materials to persons affected by the attacks. My thanks go to the management and staff of the agency for a job well done.” He enjoined the community leaders to be fair in the distribution of the items while assuring them that the government is working to ensure that herders’ attacks become a thing of the past in the area. “I urge the community leaders to remain peaceful and united as they’ve been since the unfortunate incident even as distribution is made of these items today. “Our attention is now shifted to the onerous task of ensuring the attacks do not occur anymore. “I call on all Nigerians to give peace a chance as no meaningful development can take place in an atmosphere of violence,” he pleaded. The presentation of the relief material in the community came three days after the burial of the late chairman of the community, Sunday Iniovogoma, who was killed in an explosion recently. Items presented included: 257 bags of rice, 257 bags of garri, 257 bags of beans, 30 kegs of vegetable oil, 30 cartons of tomato paste and 514 pieces of blankets. Others were; 600 bags of cement, 600 bundles of iron roofing sheets, 170 packets of zinc nails and 514 pieces of mattresses, 771 pieces of mosquito nets, 257 pieces of guinea brocade and 257 pieces of wax print. The Council of Chiefs, led by Chief Peter Okigbe, the incumbent youth chairman, Mr Moses Collins as well as the President General of Agadama community, all lauded Hon Waive for the gesture. They described the gesture first of its kind from the Federal Government to their people, adding that Hon. Waive has proved a true democrat who understands the pains of his people. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS
NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation
FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his… My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo
While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports… Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President
THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN