Gov Babagana Zulum of Borno has approved the payment of N148.8 million to offset the backlogs of arrears and monthly allowances of various batches of serving and past corps members in the state. The Desk Officer of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in the state, Mr Christopher Godwin-Akaba, made this known in a statement in Maiduguri on Thursday Godwin-Akaba said that the breakdown of the allowance includes; six months outstanding arrears for 2019 Batch A Corps members totalling N38.8 million, nine months outstanding arrears of 2019 Batch B Stream I Corps members totalling N41 million. He said that part of the money would be used to offsets June and July 2020 allowances of 2019 Batch B Stream II Corps members. He explained that a total of N24.3 million was also approved for the payment of serving Corps members for 2019 Batch C Stream I and II up to July 2020,” he said. He recalled that with this latest approval, the total payments so far made by the state government to serving Corps members in the state stood at N351.5 million. ALSO READ:International Youth Day: Obiano to engage more youths in skills acquisition He said: “At the moment, no Corps member both outgone and serving is being owned any state allowances, which has now been fully cleared up to the month of July 2020. “Also effective from August 1st 2020, Gov. Zulum has approved the downward review of non-medical Corps members allowances serving with MDAs in the state to N5,000 monthly,” he said. According to him, the decision is necessitated by the current financial situation coupled with the competing demands on the state’s resources, noting that the downward review did not affect medical corps doctors and paramedics. He, therefore, urged the benefitting category of Corps members to be patient as they will soon start receiving their payment. NAN  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE