Underappreciated by many, but much revered for others’ skills, the online casino dealer is probably the most visible and popular figure in a casino. Even in Online Casinos, this character has not ceased to have all the importance in the world. Basically, without a casinodealer, real money games could not work. But let’s start with the first thing: What is a dealer? The origin of the word dealer comes from the French croupier. The root croupe was taken, which in French means the horse’s haunch, the rear part of the horse, referring to this figure used to be behind the player, to advise and advise him on his game. So, now that we know what an online casino dealer basically is let’s go on to analyze a little what functions that perfectly dressed man or woman performs who usually offers us a smile whenever we need it in a Casino … or in an Online Casino.  Evolution of the online casino dealer This figure has changed a lot since its origins, going from being behind the player to being in front. In turn, he has stopped advising the player to become part of casino machinery, preventing him from interfering with the player’s strategy. We all know the work of this very typical casino figure. Deal cards, throw the ball, collect the dice, etc. But is anonline casino dealer really just this? Let’s see that it is not so. To begin with, there are several types of casino dealer: And some more, depending on the different types of games within the same modality (there are, for example, many types of poker, as there are also several types of roulette or blackjack, such as blackjack surrender or multiplayer blackjack). But basically, these would be the main ones. In addition, we discover 5 facets of this figure that surely you did not know.  In both blackjack and roulette, the online casino dealer must calculate the winnings of all the players in a few seconds, depending on their various plays. It is not the same to bet on a color, a dozen or a number. Thus, the dealer must have great mental agility not to lose the dynamics of the game. Arithmetic skills are essential in this sector.  You must handle the chips and cards with ease. The client cannot see anything suspicious in his movements and must trust him. Turning the cards ahead of time or turning over the wrong number of chips can create a bad image for the casino. The online casino dealer trains in the handling of cards, and his movements are meticulously studied.  Your way of being and your manners should be an example of the best protocol course. Not only must you treat your users well, but you must maintain form in any situation. He must be calm and show serenity, regardless of the mood of the players. It requires a lot of psychological and social work.  Although it cannot interact with the player’s tactic, it can interact with the player himself. You must attend to their requests and make them feel comfortable. It should energize the table games or roulette, and make the online casino games even more enjoyable. It is important that the online casino dealer has a gift of people and the ability to socialize with all types of players, from the most experienced to the newcomer.  Above all, it must be professional. He can never get carried away by his feelings and must be a great connoisseur of the online casino games that he energizes. You must know not only its rules but also the strategies that a player can follow. You must be aware of all kinds of plays and possible traps that may occur.  Dealer and Online Casino As you can see, being a live dealer is not simply knowing how to roll a ball or mix some cards; There are many factors that intervene in the day-to-day life of these professionals.  And with the online casino, these abilities are expanded. Many online casinos are including the figure of a professional online casino dealer to energize their real money games, such as online roulette or live blackjackonline. The live dealercasino has revolutionized the online gambling experience, with the possibility of feeling like in a face-to-face casino, but from the sofa at home. In addition, this augmented reality is accompanied by live chats to make the gaming experience even more real, if possible. Many users prefer live casino games to ordinary online games, where you compete against the machine. And it is that human warmth always makes the game take another dimension. Not just choosing a play and spinning the roulette, but seeing how your online casino dealer is for you and sharing experiences and varied topics of conversation with other casino fans.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr. Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr. Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …