Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom, on Tuesday told Miyeitti Allah Kauta Hore that the desperation being exhibited to float a security outfit across the country shows that the group has an ulterior motive. Governor Ortom in a press statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Terver Akase, while reacting to threat by the Miyeitti Allah association to institute legal action against him and the state over his resistance to the establishment of Vigilante group across the country. Recall that the Fulani socio-cultural association had said that it plans to establish vigilante groups across the country as part of measures to curtail insecurity in the country. Promptly, the governor who condemned the plan said plan asked the association not to dare come to Benue as he described it as another ploy to take their criminal activities to another level. Ortom’s response prompted the association to ask the governor to tender an apology or be dragged to court. ALSO READ: Ogoni clean-up: HYPREP boss says 21 remediation contractors to handover sites by December Ortom in his reaction said that he would not be intimidated or distracted by antics and threats of Miyeitti Allah Kauta Hore. Ortom noted that having received the letter from the Fulani socio-cultural association, his team of lawyers were already working on it and would respond accordingly. Governor described, as a tissue of lies, claimed by Miyeitti Allah that its vigilante outfit is embedded in the Vigilante Group of Nigeria, (VGN) and is already functional in 36 states of the country. Ortom restated his stand that never will the state allow the Fulani vigilante group or under any guise to operate in Benue. According to the governor, “After receiving doses of bashing from Nigerians against its first attempt, the pastoralist organisation has decided to hide under the canopy of Vigilante Group of Nigeria to actualise their agenda. “What Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore fails to understand is that Vigilante Group of Nigeria also does not have a constitutional right to operate in all states of this country. The notion that the group is registered with Corporate Affairs Commission does not vitiate any section of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) to confer on it the powers to operate in every state of Nigeria. “Vigilante is a neighbourhood arrangement, not a national programme. It is, therefore, a vain attempt by Miyetti Allah to try to force their security outfit on all states of the federation. “The vigilante group run by Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore and Vigilante Group of Nigeria can operate in other parts of the country, except Benue State. “Regarding the letter Miyetti Allah wrote to the governor claiming that he maligned them in his statement against their plan to operate a security outfit in Benue State, the governor’s lawyers will respond to the group. ” We will not be intimidated or distracted by antics and threats of the Fulani socio-cultural organisation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.