WHATSAPP is the most used app in the world as well as the most popular messaging service. The major reason for this is that WhatsApp uses your phone’s internet connection so it attracts no additional cost. The apps keeps getting better with amazing WhatsApp features being added all the time to meet the needs of their teeming customers. Here are some features of WhatsApp that most people aren’t familiar with. Stop people from adding you to WhatsApp groups without your permission It’s so annoying for you to wake up one morning and see that you’ve been added to a WhatsApp group that you’re not interested in being part of without your knowledge. There’s a WhatsApp feature that allows you to stop people from adding you to the group by following the steps below:  For Group Admins: Find out the number of people that have read your messages in a group As a group admin, you send messages sometimes and people fail to respond. You wonder if they’ve read it or not. You don’t have to wonder anymore. There’s this cool WhatsApp feature that shows you the list of people who have read your WhatsApp messages.  Disable preview messages or hide notifications from lock screen completely If you want to disable WhatsApp messages preview for individual messages and/or groups, follow the following steps:  Share live location There are times you may need to share your live locations with people  Don’t allow media from particular groups or contacts to download to your device You often discover that your phone storage gets filled up with WhatsApp media and the phone’s functionality gets affected. You can stop the media from downloading by: To stop saving media from all your individual chats and groups to your phone. Pin important conversations The pin chat feature allows you to pin up to three specific chats to the top of your chats list so you can quickly find them. See the rest on www.tribuneonlineng.com  To pin a chat Unpin a chat Backup and Restore WhatsApp Your phone can crash at any point in time and if your WhatsApp conversations aren’t backed up, you wouldn’t be able to ever get them There are two options for backup:  Local and Online backups  Local backups WhatsApp automatically creates a local backup on your phone’s internal storage daily. The backup file is encrypted and saved on the phone’s internal storage. The local backup is usually created at 2:00 am every morning. Online backups (To do online backups, you will need a Google account and a good internet connection): Online backup uses up more data so you may not do it daily and you can also choose not to download over cellular backup.  Restore from backup WhatsApp usually stores up seven days of local backup files. To restore from backup:  Restore from a local backup on another phone If there’s a need for you to use WhatsApp on another phone, you can restore the backup from your previous phone using SD Card or any other means by following the steps below:  Use WhatsApp on your PC Another amazing feature of WhatsApp  is the ability to use the messaging service on your PC. Using WhatsApp on your PC makes it much easier for you to access your chats using the most convenient device. To use WhatsApp on your PC: Download and launch the desktop app or visit web.whatsapp.com   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.