The Board of Directors of Jos Electricity Distribution PLC has appointed Engr. Hashim Ibrahim Bakori as the Managing Director of the electricity outfit. Bakori, a consummate engineer with a reservoir of knowledge of the energy sector is a veteran in the electricity industry having spent most of his years in Nigerian Electricity Power Authority (NEPA) and Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN). According to a statement signed by the Head Corporate Communications Friday Adakole Elijah, the new Managing Director who assumed duty on Monday, August 10, 2020, promised to reposition the company for efficient service delivery in such a manner that would be profitable to the stakeholders (investors, staff, customers etc). Consequently, Bakori said his attention would be focused on the reduction of ATC & C losses via the instrumentality of performance tracking and evaluation, customers tariff reclassification to reflect the reality of energy consumption by customers, customers enumeration, energy accounting and audit through aggressive metering, re-engagement of all runaway customers back to the grid, and provision of quality service amongst others. The chief executive officer who expressed optimism about the achievability of his programmes urged staff of the company to redouble their efforts towards optimization of their services. Bakori, who hitherto acted briefly as the Managing Director of the company in 2015, promised to prioritise staff welfares such as job security and conducive working environment, called on staff to eschew all sorts of vices, rumour-mongering and backbiting, stressing that management under his watch would not tolerate indolence, non–performance, dereliction of duty as well as truancy from staff. He, therefore, sued for cooperation and understanding of staff to enable the company meets statutory performance target that would ultimately translate to profit-making, adding that: “Our doors are open to suggestions and any out-of-the-box initiative that will move the company forward.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE