Lagos State government has announced a traffic diversion on the Ojota axis of Lagos-Ikorodu Road to enable reconstruction works along the corridor for the next four weeks. The diversion is to be effective from 6.00 a.m on Saturday, 28th August, to Friday, 25th September 2020. According to a statement issued by the state Commissioner for Transportation, Dr Frederick Oladeinde, the diversion became necessary in order to allow the contractor handling the rehabilitation works continue with the next phase of the project without hindrances. The ramp descending outbound Oworonshoki Expressway to outbound Ikorodu and sections of the service lane in front of LAMATA office will be closed to traffic during the works to allow for smooth repairs of the failed sections of the service lane inwards Ojota and Maryland. The commissioner explained that different alternative routes have been suggested for utilisation by road during the rehabilitation period, adding that LASTMA and other traffic management agencies will be available to direct traffic for free vehicular movement throughout the period. According to him, “motorists from Oworonshoki descending the ramp on the interchange to Ojota and Maryland will be diverted to use the U-turn at 7-up to connect the ramp beside Olusosun dumpsite to link Ikorodu Road, while motorists coming from Mile 12 and Ketu on Ikorodu Road intending to ascend the ramp to Oworonshoki are advised to use Ikosi Road to link Lagos Ibadan Expressway via CMD Road and make a U-turn at the Lagos Emergency Hospital inward Oworonshoki.” “Alternatively, motorists can also use the ramp after Ketu bus stop, beside LAMATA bus yard to link Lagos/Ibadan Expressway and make a U-turn at 7-UP enroute Oworonshoki or stay on the main Carriageway on Ikorodu Road, after Ketu bus stop, to link a temporary ramp after the Ojota Interchange which will lead them to Oworonshoki through the service lane. “Motorists inbound LAMATA yard from Oworonshoki should use Ikosi Road to connect Ikorodu Road and stay on the main carriageway to connect the temporary lane that links the service lane immediately after the Ojota Interchange to join the LAMATA gate beside Gani Fawehinmi Park, Ojota.” The commissioner emphasised that the impediments by Ikosi Road have been removed to allow free flow of traffic inbound and outbound Ikorodu road during the period. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$
Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others
The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje
Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…