Daughter of the late former Head of State, General Murtala Muhammed, and Chief Executive Officer of the Murtala Muhammed Foundation (MMF), Aisha Muhammed-Oyebode, will on Tuesday join other notable Africans, including Graca Machel, Mojubaolu Olufunke Okome and Folake Marcus Bello, among others to deliver a keynote address at the August 2020 Black Philanthropy Month Summit. The Black Philanthropy Month (BPM), founded by Jackie Bouvier Copeland, is a global celebration, revival and mobilization of Black, giving in all its forms to advance Black communities, with about 17million people celebrating it worldwide. Oyebode, in her keynote address, will speak on “African Philanthropy, Post Covid-19,” based on current reality and with the pandemic taking its toll on the continent. Oyebode, in a statement made available to newsmen in Lagos, said there was need for concerted philanthropic support for the continent with the situation of the novel Covid-19 pandemic taking its toll on Africa, and realizing that African governments had limited resources to deal with the challenges and to overcome post COVID-19 era. “With the situation of the novel Covid-19 pandemic taking its toll on Africa, and realizing that African governments have limited resources to deal with the challenges and to overcome post COVID-19, there is need for concerted philanthropic support for the continent,” she said. According to her, “Today, BPM is more important than ever, as the twin pandemics of Covid-19 and anti-Black racism have decimated Black communities in the US and everywhere. This global celebration and social action initiative promote a culture of giving and mutual support year-round to buoy the spirit and capacity of stressed Black communities to recover and rebuild.” It would be recalled that the United Nations and over 30 governmental bodies have declared every August Black Philanthropy Month, with a combination of sophisticated social media and in-person and virtual events organized by changemakers in cities all over the world. These convenings and every discussion are designed to mobilize Black philanthropists, social and angel investors, venture capitalists as well as non-Black allies, along with leaders of nonprofits, businesses, communities and movements to create a set of shared funding guidelines for effective Black community rebuilding. The WISE Fund will coordinate follow-up implementation of BPM Summit recommendations and action steps in collaboration with partners and attendees over the next year.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE