Tight security was sighted at the International Airport, Minna on Saturday with heavily armed security personnel present when former military Head of State, General Abdulsalami Alhaji  Abubakar returned to the country after about three months in the United Kingdom for medical reasons. Tribune Online gathered that the security build-up at the airport began on late on Friday when the entire airport was cordoned off by security personnel in anticipation of the arrival of the former Nigerian leader and elder statesman in the country, after which it was later slated for Saturday morning. It was further learnt that as early 7:00 am on Saturday, the stern-looking security operatives returned to their duty post at the airport, and ordered everybody out of the airport as they took strategic positions near the tarmac and at the arrival lounge of the airport Tribune Online further gathered that asides a few vehicles suspected to have taken some close family members and associates, nobody including journalists were allowed into the airport premises as security personnel told everyone present that “nobody is allowed to go in please”. At precisely 9:33 am a Nigeria Air Force Aircraft marked No. 5NFGV conveying the former head of state and 12 others touched down at the Minna International airport. Among those on board the aeroplane with him were his wife, Hajiya Fati Lami Abubakar, his daughter and wife of the state governor, Dr Amina Abubakar Bello as well as other close family members. Further checks revealed that contrary to the rumours making the rounds of his deteriorating health condition, Tribune Online learnt that the former Nigerian leader was looking hale and hearty and in high spirits. He was driven straight to his Up-Hill country home in Minna at about 9:58 am after a brief exchange of pleasantries with few family members who were on hand to welcome him back home to the country. It could, however, be recalled that the former head of state departed the country for the United Kingdom sometime in June this year for medical treatment abroad while his health status had been a subject of discussion and concern to citizens especially in Niger State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.