THE Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) has announced the appointment of its cycle two Product Advisory Committees across different product lines – Equities, Fixed Income, Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and Derivatives. The Committees were made up of renowned professionals with expertise, experience and footprint in local and global financial markets who will support and advise The Exchange on emerging trends in the areas of product development and market structure. They will also be tasked with the responsibility of recommending strategic initiatives that will boost market liquidity, deepen and develop the Nigerian capital market. Speaking on the development, the Chief Executive Officer, NSE, Mr Oscar Onyema, noted that, “The Exchange is resolute in its ambition to become Africa’s preferred multi-asset securities exchange. We have, therefore, constituted these Product Advisory Committees to leverage the vast experience, diverse viewpoints and extensive networks of financial market technocrats to further strengthen and deepen our market. We are confident that the Committees will discharge their duties excellently to help us meet the needs of both local and international stakeholders while making The Exchange globally competitive.” Chaipersons of the Product Advisory Committees who will serve for a two-year term are: Mrs. Hajara Adeola, Fixed Income; Mr Wale Agbeyangi, Equities ; Mr. Cliff Weber, ETFs; and Mr. Charlie Rubin, Derivatives. The Exchange recognised and applauded the efforts of outgoing members of the Committees whose tenure has now come to an end, while looking forward to working with the new members. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …