Dear Mr. Eric Teniola,  Our attention has been drawn to your article in the Opinion section (page 11) of the Tribune Newspaper dated 07 August 2020 with the title, ‘One by one, those Senators are departing.’ Buried in your list of names of those departed is the name of my father, Senator Isa Obaro (Kwara South) who is very much alive, hale and hearty! This error due to lack of journalistic due diligence on your part has not only caused my dad and his immediate family emotional distress, as we have been entertaining several calls from home and abroad from concerned family and friends, who are equally distressed and alarmed by this error. My father, Senator Isa Obaro is an elder statesman retired to his country home in Okene, Kogi State. He is presently the Waziri of Egbiraland and his opinion well sought in matters concerning the socio-political welfare of the Egbira people. He is physically and mentally active. He is an avid reader of national dailies and follows the national politics with keen interest; little wonder he did not miss your specious article. On behalf of the entire family and friends of Senator Isa Obaro, we hereby demand a correction of this error in the national dailies preferably within 48 hours of receipt of this letter. We thank you for your anticipated due diligence. Dr Ajibogun Anave F.H (Nee Obaro) fajobogun@gmail.com.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.