THE prevalence of elected officers sired by the courts instead of the ballot has more to do with the nature of our judiciary that relishes in delivering technical justice at the expense of substantive justice which comes from natural justice and common decency. And that detracts from the confidence and credibility of both the judiciary and of the democracy itself which is expected to thrive on triple foundation of justice, liberty and common decency. In order to remedy the unsavory situation, Nigerians may consider believing in tenets of democracy that thrives on majority rule of ‘government of the people, by the people and for the people’ by making judicious use of their democratic right and ensure that their votes count so that the ensuing elected leaders would act in representative capacity. That way, the people would not allow irregularity of vote-buying by plutocrats to hold sway. That way, the people will stop incentives for corruption and force elected officers to be accountable to the electorate. Also, our courts should avoid the practice of delivering judgement based on technicality and concentrate on natural justice of common decency which most Nigerians share. It was J P Morgan who once wrote that no matter how good the law might be, its usefulness to society rests on the oars of the practitioners. That means Nigerian lawyers, on both the bar and the bench, need to know that law has both letter and spirit. Were law a matter of pedantic letter alone bereft of didactic spirit, there would be no need to read law as a profession. Mastering of the language would do. And that is why it is often said that a country with too many laws comprises incompetent lawyers. Our lawyers must, therefore, brace up to the reality and reform the judiciary for performance. Once the lawyers in both the Bar and the Bench decide to deliver substantive justice in line with natural justice and common decency, and Nigerians make judicious use of their democratic rights and ensure that votes count, the incidence of courts spawning our elected officers will reduce and our leaders, especially governors, would be accountable to the voters by delivering on the promise of democracy. That way, the influence of kleptocrats and plutocrats in the polity will reduce substantially.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN