Spanish actor, Antonio Banderas, has tested positive for coronavirus in Malaga, Spain, on his 60th birthday, the Daily Mail reported on Monday. Antonio Banderas, who is best known for his roles in Desperado and The Mask of Zorro, announced his diagnosis on social media. The actor revealed he was spending the day in quarantine and said that he was experiencing symptoms of fatigue. Antonio Banderas reassured fans that he expected to make a full recovery in the near future. It is not clear where the Madrid-born actor contracted coronavirus, but, translated from Spanish, his post read: “I feel relatively well, just a little more tired than usual.” He said he was “confident that I will recover as soon as possible” from the “infectious process that I suffer and that is affecting so many people around the planet.” The actor added that he would be spending his time in isolation focusing on reading, writing and resting. He said he would “continue making plans to begin to give meaning to my newly released 60 years to which I arrive loaded with desire and enthusiasm.” Banderas has homes in Spain, the US, and near Surrey in England. The actor’s work with Pedro Almodovar made him a star in Spain, before pop star Madonna introduced then to Hollywood. Antonio Banderas carved an illustrious career spanning more than 100 movies, with huge blockbuster success including Philadelphia, Puss in Boots, and Pain and Glory. Antonio Banderas previously suffered a heart attack in January 2017 and he later underwent surgery to insert three stents in his arteries. Antonio Banderas is the latest in a string of high-profile figures to test positive for the illness, including Tom Hanks, Idris Elba, Bryan Cranston and the singer Pink. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years
THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever
This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… The 9Cs Of Success
Success is the dream of everyone but the reality of a few. While it is possible for everyone to be successful, it is only those who are willing to put into practise the principles that engender success that prime themselves for success. Here are some of the success-enabling principles, all of which start with… FACT CHECK: Did Buruji Kashamu Die On Same Date With His Mother?
CLAIM: A viral photo which was circulated on social media claim that late Senator Buruji Kashamu died on August 8 just like his mother who died in 2019… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.