The Chairman of the Caretaker Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti state, Senator Hosea Agboola has said that the outstanding local government and state congresses of the party would only be conducted when peace returns to the party in the state. He noted that the caretaker committee was determined to bring all groups together and ensure unity for the party to stand a better chance of winning the 2022 governorship election. The party had in recent time enmeshed in a deep crisis as the former governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose and the lawmaker representing Ekiti South, Senator Biodun Olujimi battling to control the affairs of the party. Following the stalemate of the March 7 ward congress and expiration of Gboyega Oguntuwase-led state working committee, the National Working Committee had in May constituted a 7-man caretaker committee to take charge of the party’s affairs and resolve all issues within three months. ALSO READ: Lagos COVID-19 cases hit 16,920 ― NCDC However, speaking with newsmen on the telephone on Wednesday, Agboola who said the tenure of the committee had been extended by another three months, expressed optimism that the crisis in the party would soon be laid to rest. He revealed that the caretaker committee had met all gladiators within the Ekiti PDP with all of them assuring the committee of their resolve to work together and save the party from collapse. On the date for the outstanding congresses, Agboola noted that a date would be fixed by the national headquarters after the committee must have completed its assignment of bringing together all tendencies within the party. “I can confirm to you that the tenure of the caretaker committee has been extended by the National Working Committee (NWC) by another three months for us to achieve the desire results. “We have met all the gladiators and we will continue in that efforts towards ensuring the peace for Ekiti PDP before we can conduct the outstanding local government and state congresses, ” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians
BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence
Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide
TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader
THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN