An exchange student from Kaduna State who tested positive to COVID-19 infection in Gombe State and was immediately evacuated for isolation at the State Specialist Hospital in Gombe is among the students who started writing the 2020 WASSCE exams. A statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant Media and Publicity to the Governor contained that, “Today he is writing his examinations under the safe condition in the isolation centre with full joint supervision of Ministry of Education, WAEC and Taskforce on COVID-19.” The statement further contained that, “Because of issues of confidentiality, his name will not be disclosed .but he is one of the students of one of the Government Science Secondary Schools in Gombe State.” It will be recalled that the State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya had earlier directed that students, Principals and Teachers be tested for coronavirus preparatory to schools’ resumption for exiting students. Following the directive, the state Ministry of Education subjected all staff and students to covid-19 test, especially in schools under the students’ exchange programme during which the student was discovered. Through the Ministry’s proactive measures, the said student is receiving the required medical attention is said to be responding well to treatment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…COVID-19 positive patient MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…COVID-19 positive patient 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…COVID-19 positive patient SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE