The joint public negotiating council comprising of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union Congress (TUC), Taraba State, has accused Governor Darius Ishaku on being insensitive to the plights of civil servants for not signing the N30,000 national minimum wage into law as approved by the FG. The accusation was made by the council during a press briefing held in Jalingo, the capital city of the state. Chairman of the council, Wilfred Yambakan, described the action of the Taraba State government as an attempt to deny the workers of their rights. The council also demanded for the immediate signing of the agreement within seven days and implementation of same in the payment of the September salaries, failure of which the council agreed to embark on the industrial showdown. The chairman stated that the state government requested for the grace of three months to implement the negotiated minimum wage in the state in view of the ravaging effects of COVID-19 on the global economy which the state was not immune from. He explained that Tuesday, August 26, was exactly five months that the grace was granted, adding that there is no indication by the government to sign the agreement. The labour leader stressed that the pandemic was not an excuse for the government to handle a mundane matter like the N30,000.00 minimum wage. He said, even in the face of COVID-19, the state has conducted local councils election as well as PDP Congresses in the state, yet workers’ new minimum wage was not attended to in the name of the pandemic. Reacting to the development in a telephone interview with our correspondent, senior special adviser to the governor on media and publicity, Bala Dan Abu, pleaded with the council not to embark on an industrial showdown, adding that negotiation was still ongoing. While appreciating labour for their patience, Abu also admitted that the law allows every state to pay the minimum wage according to its capacity and appealed to the labour to await the outcome of the negotiation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men…