THE Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN) has lamented irregular appointments into the civil service, most especially engagement of permanent secretaries from outside the civil service. The association also regretted the suspension of the tenure policy for permanent secretaries and directors in the civil service, thus describing the suspension as a policy somersault and a retrogressive idea that will take the service many steps backward. The association came up with this position at its Fourth Quadrennial National Delegates Conference in Abuja, where the members elected Comrade Innocent Bola-Audu, as the new national president to take over from Comrade Bobboi Bala Kaigama. In his speech, the President of ASCSN, Comrade Kaigama, said it was disheartening to note that over the years, there had been an upsurge in irregular appointments in the Federal Public Service. He said: “You will recall that recruitment in the service has always been guided by the Public Service Rules (PSR) 020201-020412. Specific guidelines to be followed are documented and it is not made open-ended. Unfortunately, we are still having cases of irregular appointments/recruitments into the Federal Public Service including indiscriminate transfers of persons from the State Public Services and private sector into the federal service without due regard for qualifications, years of experience and hierarchy.” The association, therefore, demanded that all appointments/recruitments into the Federal Public Service should be done in line with the Scheme of Service, Federal Civil Service Commission guidelines on appointment, promotion and discipline, Public Service Rules and Establishment Circulars. This, according to him, will guarantee equity, fairness and justice as well as restore sanity in the system. He also pointed out that one of the most contentious issues the association has been battling with in recent times is the vexed issue of engagement of Permanent Secretaries from outside the civil service. This phenomenon, according to Kaigama, has assumed a new dimension as non-career civil servants are being drafted by federal and state governments to occupy the position of Permanent Secretaries in contravention of the Public Service Rules and other legal instruments including the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria all of which stipulate that Permanent Secretaries should be recruited from within the civil service. “To worsen the issue, some of those appointed are even above the statutory retirement age of 60 years”, he lamented. He further stressed the need to restore tenure policy for Permanent Secretaries and Directors in the civil service, adding that the government approved a two term of four years for Permanent Secretaries and a single eight year tenure for Directors in the Federal Public Service. Kaigama explained that tenure policy subsisted until 2016 when, unfortunately,  the present administration unilaterally opted to suspend it. “It is instructive to note that the tenure policy for Permanent Secretaries and Directors in the Federal Public Service opened new vistas of opportunities for senior civil servants to be advancing regularly to the top hierarchy of the service and substantially reduce the incidences of frustration and stagnation as it were”, he stressed. Following the outcome of the association’s election, Kaigama handed over the leadership to Comrade Bola-Audu who emerged the national president. Comrade Bola-Audu will lead other elected national officers to steer the affairs of the union for the next four years. Other elected officers are: Comrades Kennis Ngene, Olubunmi Fajobi, Tommy Etim Okon, and Adah Terlumun (National Vice President); Comrade Rahab Maigari (National Treasurer); Comrade Dounana Tari (National Internal Auditor); and Comrade Shehu Mohammed (National Trustee). Others are: Comrades Amodu Isiaka, Okere Ejike, Babayo Hamma, Adebayo Mubashiru, and Excellent Efedhoma (Ex-Officio members).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE