The recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babangana Zulum of Borno State has heightened the debate on insecurity as it has raised the level of conversations and engagement. The dastardly attack which left two civilian task force personnel and a policeman wounded has attracted condemnation from all quarters, with the National Assembly leading the pack to call for the removal of service chiefs while the Nigeria Governor’s Forum alongside civil society organisations continue to call for a rejig of the nation’s security architecture. These calls coupled with events that led to them have unfortunately made Nigeria a recipe for explosion, making her cumbersome system difficult to rely upon for security of lives and properties. But how did Nigeria get to this conflagration making it teeter on the brink of destruction? Where is government ab initio in all of these conversations? Government everywhere and leaders elsewhere are saddled first and foremost with protection of lives and properties of the citizens. Or what remains of a government which cannot secure its people from marauders and murderers? Through the menace of dreaded Boko Haram, the country contends with internal aggression and has continued to battle the monsters for years on end with internally displaced people across war-ravaged part of the country in numbers. While insecurity is a global phenomenon, the level at which it disturbs and disrupts the socio-economic and religious activities in Nigeria calls for deep moments of reflections and a change not just in tactics to end the scourge. Insecurity, like any other existential issues, is better solved and resolved using both technical know-how typified by various security apparatuses ranging from the military and the paramilitary to their funding, equipment and level of morale and patriotism. The other is the use of adaptive techniques which has to do with a holistic assessment of the causes and factors that led to the scourge. These two-pronged approaches have been tested in tackling the dreaded Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka and of course in flushing the deadly FARC rebels in Colombia. For Nigeria also to win the war against its existential security challenges, it is time for leaders across the board to do more of the work and little of the talk. Muftau Gbadegesin, muftaugbadegesin@gmail.com YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions…Insecurity: Enough of talks Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari…Insecurity: Enough of talks Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report…Insecurity: Enough of talks China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by…Insecurity: Enough of talks Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.