The Ondo State Police Command, on Wednesday, said about 5, 000 of its personnel would be deployed to monitor Saturday’s local government election in the state. The State Police Commissioner, Mr Bolaji Salami, who made this known while briefing newsmen on the preparedness of the command to ensure a hitch-free election in the state, sais the command would rather with sister security agencies to ensure that the process went without any major incidents. The Police boss who appealed to politicians to eschew violence said the command has established synergy with other sister security agencies including the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC) and the Department of State Services (DSS). According to him, the police in the state will not give room for any form of violence before, during and after the polls, calling on the politicians and political parties to play the game by the rules. He disclosed that the state command had concluded arrangements to deploy additional men to the state ahead of the October 10 governorship election, in order to ensure peaceful conduct of the governorship election. Salami said police officers from neighbouring states of Edo, Osun, Ogun and Ekiti will join the over 5,000 police officers in the state for the governorship election. He said at least 10 police officer would be deployed to each polling unit on Saturday to monitor the election in order to ensure smooth conduct of the Saturday’s poll. He said all arrangements have been perfected for the smooth conduct of the election, assuring that security of lives and property of the people are of high priority to the state police command. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… Ondo LG Election MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… Ondo LG Election LOOK! YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN