The police on Tuesday arraigned a 37-year-old civil servant, Mohammed Hassan in a Chief Magistrates’ Court in Gwagwalada, FCT, over alleged reckless driving. The police charged Hassan, who resides in Kabawa Street Lokoja, Kogi State with a one-count charge of reckless driving. The Prosecution Counsel, Abudulahi Tanko told the court that the defendant drove his Toyota Corolla car with Reg. No. LkJ 19 Av in a reckless manner along Abaji-Gwagwalada road on June 6, without consideration for other road users. He said that the defendant hit a Toyota Hilux van with Reg. No. NPF3843 D belonging to the Nigeria Police Force parked by the roadside. Tanko said that the defendant, in the process injured Insp. Peter Augustine who sustained multiple fractures. ALSO READ: Kogi govt commends FG for setting up IT innovation centre According to him, the offence contravenes the provisions of Section 28 of the Road Traffic Act. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge preferred against him. The Magistrate Aliyu Shafa admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N100, 000 with one surety in like sum. Shafa said the surety must reside without the jurisdiction of the court and adjourned the case until Sept. 10 for hearing. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.