After much build-up, anticipation and social traction, singer and songwriter, Babatunde Ogundokun, popularly known as Tiuns, has finally dropped his debut EP, ‘Light’. The 24-year old singer has been touted by many to be part of the fast-rising generation of artistes who would take Africa’s musical export of Afrobeats to the next level. The news of the release of the EP appears to be driving many a conversation on social media with the pop star and Time crooner, Lyta alongside CKay, Dtaks, Magicsticks and Qasebeatz some of the guests artistes and producers enlisted on the body of work probably in a bid to get fans rave about the quality of names on the project. Tiuns, during a dialogue with R, could not hide his excitement about the project, as he shed light on the inspiration behind ‘Light’. “From the moment I recorded these songs, it has always been on my mind to put the songs and name the compilation ‘Light’. I feel that’s what it portrays, looking at the messages the songs pass across, the audience and fans. “When I look back at where I was coming from, the struggles, pains, ups and downs and challenges life has thrown at me in this music journey which has brought fame and successes, I feel my light has to shine around the world. Even though ‘Light’ EP is reportedly making waves on playlists and music charts in the country and beyond, many still expect the EP to garner yet more attention in the coming days and weeks. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… Tiuns set to de-Light MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Tiuns set to de-Light Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he…Tiuns set to de-Light Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this…Tiuns set to de-Light Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE