The Honourable Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu has approved the appointment of Mr Obini Onuchukwu as the Acting Registrar of Federal Polytechnic Oko, in Orumba North Local Area of Anambra State. Tribune Online learnt that his approval followed the recommendation of the Expanded Management Committee (EMC), the highest decision-making body of Federal Polytechnic Oko. The recommendation was unanimously made by members of the EMC consisting of the five principal officers of the Polytechnic, Representative of the Hon. Minister of Education, Alh. Adamu Adamu and Representative of Executive Secretary of the Polytechnic’s regulatory body, National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) recently after its regular meeting. The new Acting Registrar is Mr Obini Onuchukwu before his appointment served as the Public Relations Officer and Chief Protocol Officer of the Polytechnic for about 10 years now. Onuchukwu also served as a Deputy Registrar of the Institution for 8 years and holds two master degrees in Information Technology and Mass communication from Federal University of Technology Owerri (FUTO)and Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) respectively. ALSO READ: ‘Only digitally savvy accountants will remain relevant after COVID-19’ He holds Post Graduate Diploma in Information Technology from FUTO and Higher National Diploma in Mass communication from Institution of Management and Technology (IMT) Enugu. He facilitated and participated in so many training of the Polytechnic with reputable Institutions of higher learning within and outside the shores of the country. He served in high profile committees​ and desks which include Communication Officer, World Bank Assisted Project, STEB-B as well as ABUJA Liaison  Officer Federal Polytechnic Oko. The award-winning Public Relations Officer started his career as a journalist with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) and served as a two-term chairman of Correspondents Chapel Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Anambra state, where he won several awards. Onuchukwu replaced the former Registrar of the Polytechnic, Lady Stella Njaka who successfully served out her five-year single tenure.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN