A Few hours after he was murdered in his Baraza country home, the late Member of Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass Constituency, Musa Mante Baraza was buried on Friday. The funeral prayers were led by the Chief Imam of Dass Central Mosque according to Islamic injunctions with thousands of sympathisers in attendance including the Emir of Dass, Usman Bilyaminu Othman, Speaker of Bauchi State House of Assembly, Abubakar Y Suleiman who led other members of the Assembly to attend the final interment among other personalities. While speaking to Journalists in a telephone interview, the Clerk of the Assembly, Umar Gital, said that the former Lawmaker was buried at the Dass Central burial ground amidst thousands of sympathizers in accordance to Islamic rites. Umar Gital also said that the state government delegation was led by the Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Mohammed Sadiq, who is from Dass Local Government Area adding that, “After the burial, the RT. Hon. Speaker led other Members to the Palace of the Emir of Dass, Alhaji Usman Biliyaminu Othman, on the condolence.” He added, “Then, the Rt. Hon. Speaker also led the Members to the deceased’s village, Baraza, on a condolence visit. They also paid a condolence visit to the Village Head.” The Clerk further said that the State Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Alhaji Uba Nana, was also in attendance with some of his party officials. Meanwhile, the Speaker of the Bauchi State House of Assembly, Abubakar Suleiman, described as shocking and devastating, the gruesome murder of Baraza. The Spokesperson of the Speaker, Ahmed Abdul Burra, in a statement made available to Journalists in Bauchi, stated that Abubakar Suleiman in a condolence message to the family of the deceased, people of Dass Constituency and members of Bauchi State House of Assembly, The Speaker who said he was yet to recover from the traumatic grief of the devastating news of the merciless murder of the former Lawmaker said his death was a great loss to the entire state. He condemned the attack and murder of the lawmaker and vowed to work with security agencies to fish out the perpetrators of the devilish act. Abubakar Suleiman described the deceased as Godfearing, humble and a dependable ally who served and related with people selflessly and honourably. He said: “As a member representing the good people of Dass, Hon. Mante dedicated his time and resources to ensure the well being of his constituents. He was always at the forefront of serving the interest of his people and dear State. “He lived a simple and exemplary life worthy of emulation. The fact that he had lived in his Village interacting and serving his people, speaks volumes on how faithful and humble Late Hon. Musa Mante Baraza was. “As Chairman House Committee on Public Petitions Hon. Mante has diligently and effectively discharged his responsibility by being so much dedicated and committed to finding solutions to many problems affecting people across the State. “He has contributed immensely in the lawmaking business and other functions of Bauchi State House of Assembly. “He was so much friendly and kind to all of us his colleagues and staff of the Assembly. Indeed we will lose his elderly and statesmanly gestures, joviality and the jokes we always share during plenary, meetings and other engagements.” According to the Speaker, Hon. Baraza died at a time that his family, people of Dass Constituency and Bauchi State needed him the most. He urged the bereaved family, colleagues and constituents to take solace and prayed to Almighty Allah to forgive his shortcomings and give them the fortitude to bear the painful and irreparable loss. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper…Bauchi Lawmaker is buried WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza.Bauchi Lawmaker is buried 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by …Bauchi Lawmaker is buried Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the…Bauchi Lawmaker is buried Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE