The Federal Government has tasked Nigerian youth to embrace vocational and skills acquisition as a way of addressing the rising challenges of unemployment in the country. The call was made against the backdrop of COVID-19 pandemic that has pulled the world economy far backwards, which Nigeria is not an exception, with the consequential job losses across sectors of the economy. Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, Arc Sonny Echono, spoke while declaring open a two-day workshop on cultural creativity for youth skills development organised by Nigerian National Commission (NATCOM) for UNESCO (United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organisation), on Thursday, in Abuja. Hundreds of youths were expected to be trained in carpentry, bakery, shoe and bag making, cloth making and beats making at the workshop, which the Permanent Secretary, recommended that it be carried out across the states in order to empower Nigerian youths on cultural creativity for sustainable development and self-employment. He noted that in today’s highly competitive world, the success of the economy of a nation depends increasingly on the ability to create and innovate, saying one of the approaches of the present administration towards achieving its agenda of Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) is skill acquisition, and job creation for its teeming youth population and sustainable development. ALSO READ: NOA partners PAACA to address sexual, gender-based violence Echono added that one great weapon to successfully fight unemployment in Nigeria lies in cultural creativities for youth skills development, “hence creativity contributes to building open, socially inclusive and pluralistic societies when diverse sources of inspiration and innovation are released and nurtured. He said: “Achieving inclusive and equitable quality education and life-long learning opportunities requires a collective commitment to investing in culture and creativity. “Local learning, innovation and development processes are strengthened when new talents are nurtured. The youths can venture into different trades and make a career out of these gifts. “Government agenda which aims at reducing poverty has also aided the implementation of Arts and Culture as a veritable means for creating jobs and sustainable development especially for the youths, hence the establishment of cultural industries in the states,” he said. Secretary-General of NATCOM-UNESCO, Mr Olagunju Lateef, in his remark, said the white-collar job is no longer the fashion of the day and that Nigeria Nigeria should move in the direction of joining the modern global practice in creativity and self-reliance. Lateef said in line with UNESCO operational strategy on youths, 2014-2021 special focus would continue to be given to youths, particularly young creators and cultural professionals. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed … FG tasks youth on creativity FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states… FG tasks youth on creativity Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE