A Lugbe Grade I Area Court, Abuja on Tuesday, ordered that a security guard, Isaac Johnson, who allegedly abducted a 17-year-old girl, be remanded in a correctional facility. The police charged Johnson, 23, who lives in  Gbaupe village, Airport Road, Abuja with the abduction of a minor girl. The Presiding officer, Mr Abubakar Sadiq, ordered that the defendant be remanded in Kuje Correctional Centre until Aug. 31. Earlier, the Prosecution Counsel,  Mr Seidu Jibrin told the court that on Aug. 4, Mrs Ogechi Alisigwe of Gbaupe village reported the matter at the Iddo Police Station. ALSO READ: Put a stop to Southern Kaduna killings, Catholic bishops tell Buhari Jibrin alleged that the defendant criminally abducted the complainant’s 17-year-old daughter and kept her in his house for two weeks. He alleged that when the complainant told Johnson to free her daughter, he refused and challenged her to go hell. The prosecutor said that the defendant during police investigations made confessional statements. Jibrin said that the offence contravened the provisions of sections 275 and 274 of the Penal Code. Johnson, who pleaded not guilty, told the court that he did not abduct the girl. “She is my girlfriend. I did not abduct her sir, she came to spent some time with me and I asked her to go back to her parent, but she refused,” he said. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.