To mitigate the effect of COVID-9 on industries, the Oyo State government has stated that more support will be given to manufacturers in the state. This was revealed by the Oyo State Commissioner for commerce and industry, Hon Adebisi Adeniyi, during the 37th annual general meeting of the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) Oyo, Osun, Ondo, and Ekiti states branch Zone, in Ibadan on Tuesday. The event which was held via Zoom was attended by government officials, executives of MAN and representatives of the member companies. Adeniyi said the current administration of the state has been making efforts towards ensuring that the economic environment is conducive for business. The commissioner, who was represented by Oyesola Oyedele, said ”that the Seyi Makinde led administration has a prospect of taking Oyo from poverty to prosperity with an expanded autonomy as one of the priority areas. ”Let me emphasize that the Governor Seyi Makinde-led administration is determined to aggressively revive the economy of Oyo State using the Micro-Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) as pivot’.’ The chairman, MAN, Oyo, Osun, Ondo and Ekiti states, Zone, Mr Samuel Kolawole, in his remarks, explained that the major challenges faced by manufacturers across the zone include the inability of the government to harmonise its taxes and also the insensitive appointment of consultants. He, however, appealed to the state government on the advocation of policies favourable to industries, for the survival of industries. ”Our association has continued to advocate for favourable policies from the state governments towards ensuring ease of doing business in the region’.’ YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his… My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports… Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the…  LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN