The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of  Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives reportedly selling off property to pay demanded ransom. Abductees whose ransom couldn’t be paid met an untimely death, the new report claimed. Insecurity is worsening in the North and AI said it is due to the Nigerian authorities leaving the backstreet communities poorly-policed. Country Director of AI in Nigeria, Osai Ojigho, says: “Terrifying attacks on rural communities in the north of Nigeria have been going on for years. The ongoing failure of security forces to take sufficient steps to protect villagers from these predictable attacks is utterly shameful. “In addition to the security forces’ failure to heed warnings or respond in time to save lives, the fact that no perpetrators have been brought to justice leaves rural communities feeling completely exposed. The president claims  he has repeatedly tasked security agencies to end the killing so that Nigerians can go to bed with their eyes closed, but  clearly nothing has changed.” While highlighting the attacks, the organisation said it interviewed civilians in Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto,  Taraba and Zamfara states, adding, “Many of those interviewed described how security forces often arrive hours after attacks have ended, even when officers have been given information about impending attacks. During one attack in  Unguwan Magaji in Kaduna State, security forces arrived at the scene but left when they saw the sophisticated ammunition the attackers were using. By the time they returned, at least 17 people had been killed. Worst  affected are villages in the south of Kaduna State, where armed men killed at least 366 people in multiple attacks between January and July 2020.” Breaking the killings down, Amnesty International’s the statement says, “At least 77 people have been killed since January 2020 in the ongoing communal clashes between the Jukun and Tiv ethnic groups in Taraba State, North-East Nigeria. “On 28 May, at least 74 people were reportedly killed in Sokoto State when gunmen attacked four villages in Sabon Birni Local Government Area. “On 6 August, at least 22 people were reported killed when gunmen suspected to be herders attacked four communities n Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of the state. “More than 100 people were killed in July during 11  suspected coordinated attacks in Chikun, Kaura and Zangon-Kataf local government areas of the state. At least 16 people were killed in Kukum-Daji on 19 July 2020, in an attack that lasted for five minutes when attackers  hot sporadically at villagers.” Recounting heartbreaking accounts of those affected by the attacks, the report quoted a  mourning father and farmer in Kukum Daji, whose son was killed, as saying, “My son was 20 years old; he had just gained admission to the University of Jos. He was at home due to the Coronavirus pandemic, then the attack happened. When I  aw his dead body, my body became very weak, I started feeling dizzy, I thought I was going to fall, my whole body  as on fire but there was nothing I could do, I just told myself that am leaving everything to God. I will never be happy again in this life for losing this boy. His death has really affected me.” In Katsina State, home of President  Muhammad Buhari, the advocacy organisation said it found out that, “ at least 33,130 people are now in displacement camps, and others have gone to stay with relatives in urban areas. Thousands of farmers could not cultivate their farms during the 2020 rain season because of fear of attacks or abduction. Ojigho warns: “These attacks have caused massive displacement and food insecurity in the affected states. The majority of the people in these communities depend on farming for their livelihoods, but they are now too afraid to go  to their fields. “This is pushing the region to the brink of a major humanitarian crisis. The Nigerian authorities’ failure to stem the  violence is costing people’s lives and livelihoods,  and without immediate action, many more lives may be lost.” A 50-year- an old farmer in Batsari Local Government Area of the state was quoted as saying, “Our village has been attacked several times. Not once, not twice, but 10 times. To farm is even a problem, the bandits have stopped us from going to our farms, we only cultivate the farms close to the house but our farmland in the bush, we can no longer go there to farm, they stopped us from going there. My family farm that was not cultivated this year is more than 300 hectares of land.” AI claimed it discovered that “at least 380 people have been abducted for ransom during attacks in Kaduna, Niger,  Katsina, Nasarawa and Zamfara states in 2020, mostly women and children. Largely, relatives of that abducted sell all heir belongings to pay ransom to the gunmen and those unable to pay are mostly killed. According to a witness, at least 17 women were abducted on 20 July in Safana Local Government Area of Katsina State, in an attack that lasted for almost three hours.” Peeved that the Nigerian authorities were arresting those protesting the killings they couldn’t stop, Ojigho knocks the leaders for alleged incompetence. “In their response to these attacks, the Nigerian authorities have displayed gross incompetence and a total disregard for people’s lives. Arresting people who dare to ask for help is a further blow. Instead of arresting critics, the authorities should be seeking urgent solutions to this crisis and doing all they can to prevent further attacks. The government has an obligation to protect its population. The rising death toll in the north of Nigeria shows just how  badly the authorities are failing in this responsibility.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN