The Nasarawa State Government has threatened to withdraw the operational approval for any private school caught violating the lockdown order by reopening schools for all category of students. Mr Usman Abu, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, made this known in a statement on Monday in Lafia. ”It has come to the notice of the ministry that some proprietors of private schools have sent messages to parents/guardians to send their children/wards in all classes back to school as from Monday. ”The message by the proprietors has contradicted the directive of the government that only Senior Secondary School (SSS) three students are allowed to resume school for their West African Examination Council (WAEC) examinations. “On no account should any school, public or private, invite students in classes other than SS3 to resume school for now. ALSO READ: Apapa will open to traffic in October ― Lagos govt “To ensure compliance, the Ministry has already constituted a task force to monitor the situation and any school found wanting will have approval for its operation withdrawn without hesitation,” Abu warned. He, therefore, advised all management of all the secondary schools to adhere strictly with this directive to avoid any problem. NAN reports that the Nasarawa State Government directed that schools would be reopened for only SSS 3 students to enable them to prepare for their final examinations scheduled for Aug. 17. (NAN).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.