STAKEHOLDERS across the sector have again emphasised the need for government to concession the country’s airport terminals in order to reduce financial burden on the Federal Government for airports infrastructure development management. In a communique issued at the end of a webinar organised by the Aviation Safety Round Table Initiative (ASRTI) with the theme’Nigerian Airports Concession: How Far, So Far?, stakeholders agreed that the concession of the airport terminals should not just be a departure from the status quo but with an objective to deliberately drive regional competitive hubs as well as mega carriers that will operate in those hubs. Participants at the webinar enjoined the Ministry of Aviation to ensure that the terminal concession process was transparently conducted in compliance with the extant laws and due process to avoid post-agreement controversies and rancour as previously experienced. In addition, the government should, in its current concession plan consider the totality of all the 22 airport terminals. The session advised the Federal Government to define and clarify what is to be concessioned within the airports and what informed the recruitment of a strategic communication consultant, who is expected to disseminate important information on the concession process for the benefit of all stakeholders. According to the stakeholders “All existing legal, labour and other complications arising from previous experiments (Nigeria Airways (WT), NAHCO, etc) should be conclusively resolved. Therefore, there is need for government to allay the fears of the unions and employees of FAAN with regards to the planned concession. The process must be fair and transparent.” The webinar attendees called for a quick resolve of the lingering controversies surrounding the various concession agreements between FAAN and some of its concessionaires including AIC Ltd, Bi-Courtney Aviation Services Limited, Maevis Ltd, Toll Plaza Operator and all other parties involved before moving on to sign new concession agreements in order not to discourage prospective investors. It was also recommended that the concession be done with the objectives of protecting users’ interest through the provision of innovative and quality services by service providers as well as leveraging private sector funds amenable to modern technologies to provide improved infrastructure comparable to global standards. The stakeholders further recommended that government should have minimal participation in airport’s terminal management and infrastructure development but should concern itself primarily with aeronautical services and regulatory interventions and oversight. The gathering also emphasised the need for aviation authorities in Nigeria to understudy successful models of terminal commercialisation and operation in other climes to gain deeper understanding of airport concession and management to minimise controversies associated with such.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN