Elder statesman and South-South leader, Chief Edwin Clark, has warned the Federal Government to perish the thought of scrapping the Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP) for repentant militants. Clark gave the warning following reports that the Federal Government might discontinue PAP by December 2020 on the recommendation of a four-man investigative panel headed by Amb. A. A. Lawal through the office of the National Security Adviser, Maj. Gen. Babagana Mohammed Monguno (rtd). “I say this because, just yesterday, rumours were rife that the four-man investigative panel headed by Amb. A. A. Lawal, set up by the Federal Government, through the Office of the National Security Adviser, Maj. Gen. Babagana Mohammed Monguno (rtd), to look into the activities of the Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP), has recommended the scrapping of the Programme by December this year, 2020. “If this is true, it will be an epic example of what we say in local parlance ‘trouble dey sleep, yanga go wake am’. “This is not a threat; it is stating the obvious of what will actually happen. “When I got this information yesterday, my temper was high because how can a region, which contributes so much to the economic growth, and by extension, political and social growth of the country, be treated with so much disdain and spite?” he queried. The convener of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), handed the warning on Monday in a live press conference via Zoom with journalists across the country. Clark further warned that scrapping the programme could ignite a fresh crisis in the already tensed region, appealing to President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration not to “wake a sleeping lion.” ALSO READ: Nigeria’s inflation rate rises by 12.82 per cent in July 2020 ― NBS The former Minister of Information warned of the consequences of discontinuing the programme which, he said, has been checkmating insecurity and restiveness in the region. The nonagenarian recollected that “Just about 11 days ago, I held a Press Briefing advising and cautioning the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, to tread cautiously on Niger Delta Affairs. “I have cause to, again, advise the Federal Government to desist from anything that will truncate the fragile peace that we have in the Niger Delta region.” The Ijaw leader, therefore, appealed to President Buhari to ensure the continuity of the amnesty programme in the interest of fostering peace in the region. According to the elder statesman, the current parlous state of the region calls for caution, frowning at such hasty decision without a visit to the region by the panel. “The question is, did Amb. Lawal and his team ever travel to the Niger Delta region to find out if the objective of setting up the Programme such as infrastructural development of sand filling; building low-cost houses, building roads, etc, which are to be carried out by the PAP as its Second Phase activities contained in the Proclamation, been achieved? “As someone outside of the region, does he really understand or feel the sufferings of the people of the region? “Also, what measures have been put in place by the Federal Government to fulfil its promises to the region such as setting up modular refineries, the relocation of the operational headquarters of the International Oil Companies (IOCs) and the Ogoni Clean-Up as contained in the 16-Point Agenda of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) which we presented to Mr President at the Presidential Villa on 1st November 2017? “Our living condition in the region has worsened. The PAP should be allowed to continue for some more time,” he admonished.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians
BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence
Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide
TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader
THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE