The member representing Ogoja/Yala Federal Constituency of Cross River State in the House of Representatives, Hon. Jarigbe Agom Jarigbe has appealed to the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to reverse his disqualification to contest the party’s primary for the Cross River North senatorial bye-election. In a petition he submitted at the PDP national secretariat in Abuja on Monday, he appealed to the party boss to use his office “to redress and reverse the politically motivated injustice done to me after my clearance.” He said he had complied with the party guidelines in the purchase of nomination and expression of interest forms and had been duly screened, cleared by the party’s screening committee for the election and consequently, issued a clearance certificate. He said: “Strangely, however, the appeal panel, ostensibly acting on a script claimed to have received a petition from one Pius Awah and on that basis purportedly disqualified me from contesting the primary election. “May I quickly add that the ground of my purported disqualification is not only absurd but also a gross violation of both the party’s constitution and the guidelines for the conduct of the primary election and a decision taken in bad faith against me.” He pointed out that whereas going by the party’s constitution, only an aggrieved aspirant can write a petition to the appeal panel, the person that wrote against him was not an aspirant and thus, has no competence to complain about him. Jarigbe urged the party National Chairman to uphold his clearance by the screening committee, reject and reverse “the malicious, contrived and ultra vires” appeal panel report and to direct the panel to retract the alleged defamation of his person. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’
The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…Lawmaker begs Secondus Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…Lawmaker begs Secondus Lawmaker begs Secondus Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report
BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…Lawmaker begs Secondus  Lawmaker begs Secondus