Stakeholders in the educator sector have expressed concern over the readiness of government towards the safety of students following the reopening of schools for terminal classes, urging that government must ensure strict compliance and monitoring in line with safety measures put in place. They clamoured for a high level of protection and called for continuous efforts to sustain the safety measures, saying that, if any student gets infected in any school, the school is doomed as the stigma could stain the reputation of the school for a long time. The stakeholders including school owners, teachers, educationists, health and safety experts and parents made their observations known during a virtual meeting titled ‘Ready or Not? Nigeria’s Post Covid Schools Reopening’ organised by an advocacy group, Advocacy Against Negligence in Schools (AANIS) in collaboration with online radio, Spirit of Nigeria Radio (SNR). In her welcome address, the Co-Founder of AANIS, Mrs Idy Toye Arulogun, explained that the meeting was organised to discuss the safety and general plan for students and teachers as schools reopen, stressing that AANIS is concerned about the safety in schools. Speaking, the CEO of Edumark Consult, Mrs Yinka Ogunde, advocated for caution, urging that government needs to vigilant and ensures proper monitoring of the safety measures put in place. According to her, “Government needs to strategise for education in Nigeria. During the first week of resumption, I am optimistic every school will follow the COVID-19 protocols but after then, schools will relax. This is why we need monitoring and we should be vigilant. We should not do what will make COVID-19 increase.” The Proprietor of Dansol High School Lagos, Mrs Adun Akinyemiju, commended AANIS for the programme, saying that the safety of students and teachers should not be taken for granted. A school owner and Secretary to Lagos State National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS) Elders Forum, Mrs Temitope Odutola, expressed apprehension about the safety of students and teachers, adding that, “I feel apprehension. As a school owner, I am worried about the safety of our teachers and students. ALSO READ: Edo guber: Court slates Aug 24 to hear suit seeking Ize-Iyamu, deputy’s disqualification on alleged perjury “When the school was closed in March, we had less than 40 COVID-19 cases but now, we have over 40,000 cases. We must ensure a high level of protection in our schools. Students in private school can maintain social distance, what about students in public school. This is why the government needs to ensure compliance with safety measures put in place,” Mrs Odutola added. The Lagos State Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, however, revealed that the state government had set up an inter-ministerial monitoring and compliance team having representatives from the Ministry of Health and Education, Safety Commission and other stakeholders to ensure that schools comply with COVID-19 protocols and safety measures, assuring that government would get all schools into the safety net, saying that all hands are on deck to ensure Covid protocols are followed and no student or teacher is put at risk. “Re-opening school is not a decision taking slightly. COVID-19 is not going away so soon, we should plan to live with it and the decision to open school was not an easy one. After school reopens, we will not have a total population of students and classes have been arranged in compliance with COVID-19 protocols. We have no plan of asking the Primary 6 and JSS 3 students to come back to school in Lagos for now. “We are going to use the same rules for both public and private schools and we have done a checklist for schools as a means of documentation for government to know the readiness of schools. Also, all classes in schools will be used for SS3 students to ensure physical distancing. Lagos state has trained teams to ensure compliance with COVID-19 protocols in schools. These teams comprise experts including representatives of the Ministry of Health and education, safety commission and other stakeholders. We are not taking this lightly. If anything happens, there would be a serious problem for the country. We are not taking it with levity, this issue concern life and well-being of the people. It concerns our reputation and we are taking it seriously,” Mrs Adefisayo explained. While speaking, the Chairman, National Union of Teachers, Lagos State Chapter, Comrade Adedoyin Adesina, who expressed concern with the reopening of school, commended the Lagos State Government on the precautionary measures put in place for teachers and students, imploring the state government to extend the allowances given to health workers to teachers as they are now front line workers. Also, an occupational safety expert, Mr Ehi Iden disclosed that there was a growing infection rate among children according to the World Health Organisation (WHO) reports, appealing that government should not be too fast to reopen schools, adding that, “How can a child comply with physical distancing? We know this will be difficult. I do not think it is safe to open school. We need to re-strategise and plan for virtual study. This is the new order we have to live with.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.