CLAIM: A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state. FULL STORY: A message, which was widely shared on the messaging app, WhatsApp, showed Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum sitting with some of the poor citizens in the state. The caption added to the photograph in the broadcast message suggests that Governor Zulum celebrated Muslim festival, Eid al-Adha, with the ‘poorest’ in Borno State. The photograph and the caption which also appeared on Vanguard’s Facebook account has garnered over 630 comments, 1,500 reactions and have been shared over 300 times. Reacting to the post, a Facebook user, Frank Pere wrote: “This Governor always melt(ing) my heart, kudos to one of the best performing governors. I just fell in love with you sir. You’ve shown PMB what leadership entails not just sitting and acting like a programmed robot.” (sic) VERIFICATION Checks using the Google Reverse Image search revealed that the photo first showed up on the internet on Friday, July 31, 2020. Although Prof. Zulum really did appear in the photo with some citizens, the photo was not taken during a Sallah celebration, further checks indicate. To further ascertain the truth of the said visit, Dubawa reached out to Governor Zulum’s spokesperson, Isa Gusau, who said the Governor “was in Maiduguri for Sallah.” “He returned from Monguno a day to Sallah,” he added. When asked if the Governor celebrated with the poor on Sallah day, Gusau said: “It’s not true. He was in Maiduguri. Maybe the photo was from one of his humanitarian activities.” When pressed further on when and where the photograph was taken, Gusau said: “This is Governor Zulum with an aged internally displaced woman during his humanitarian activities in northern Borno, the same period he came under attack in Baga. It was in Monguno a day or two, before Sallah.” VERDICT: Even though Governor Zulum appeared in the said photograph, it was not taken during a Sallah celebration but during the distribution of relief items to one of the IDP camps in the state. The image is a misrepresentation of the event it was used to depict and is therefore MISLEADING.  The researcher produced this fact-check per the Dubawa 2020 Fellowship partnership with The Nigerian Tribune to facilitate the ethos of “truth” in journalism and enhance media literacy in the country.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation
FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs
In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn
The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.