THE newly appointed governing council chairman of The Polytechnic, Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Kunle Akinyemi, says the council has approved the outstanding promotions of staff of the institution across the board. Professor Akinyemi gave the hint while addressing newsmen at the end of the inaugural meeting with members of the council, held at the Governing Council Chamber of the institution on Thursday. “We approved outstanding promotions for staff members today and we have made other landmark decisions. With our long to-do list for this institution, we are working as if we are finishing tomorrow. “We have also taken the decision on celebration of the 50th anniversary of the institution, Maybe it’s going to be 50 plus one celebration; we will let you know,” he said. He noted that the new council is a ‘star-studded council’ made up of academics, politicians, lawyers, administrators and other vibrant professionals who would make the state proud through their lofty ideas and wealth of experiences towards achieving the goals and objectives of the polytechnic. Akinyemi added, “There are few other things we will like to do in terms of infrastructural improvements, academic enhancement, student-teacher relationships and peace on the campus. “We want to promote character and excellence in learning among the students. We want them to learn and be of good behaviour. We have a lot of alumni who are also ready to come along with us in propelling the polytechnic to the next level of excellence.” He reaffirmed the desire of the council to promote innovation and creativity in the institution like never before. The new chairman, however, noted that if there is any need to review school fees as a result of COVID-19 pandemic, the council would be magnanimous enough to reduce fees.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE