Ahead of Nasarawa Central State Constituency bye-election in Nasarawa State and forthcoming governorship elections in Edo and Ondo states, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has introduced a new innovation in election monitoring which it noted would inspire transparency and accountability in the process. Festus Okoye, National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee in a statement last night said a dedicated public portal, the INEC Result Viewing (IReV), “will enable Nigerians to view Polling Unit results in real-time as the voting ends on Election Day.” Okoye disclosed that the Commission adopted the innovation to further strengthen the transparency in the election result management system. He recalled that the new innovation was mean to complement the existing Form EC60E, a replica of the Form EC8A, the former usually pasted at the Polling Unit after votes are counted, recorded and announced. ALSO READ: Anambra govt sacks over 1000 staff of water corporation for lack of trust The statement argued that the new innovation, IReV, was a new step to further strengthen its election management process and enhance the transparency of the system. INEC, however, cautioned that its new viewing centre should not be misconstrued as an electronic collation of result as it insisted that the manual collation of result would continue until the amendment of relevant provisions of the Electoral Act and other relevant laws. “The Commission wishes to emphasise that this does not constitute electronic collation of results. The collation of election results shall remain as provided for by law, a manual process of completion of relevant result sheets and their upwards collation until the final results are determined. ‘This innovation will commence from the Nasarawa Central State Constituency bye-election in Nasarawa State scheduled for Saturday 8th August 2020. Thereafter, it will be extended to the Edo and Ondo governorship elections as well as all subsequent elections. “The Commission hopes that this innovation would improve the transparency in election result management and therefore further consolidate public confidence in the electoral process.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC introduces result portal FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… INEC introduces result portal Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.