An Ekiti State High court sitting in Ado- Ekiti, the state capital on Thursday sentenced one Mohammodu Haruna, 25 to death by hanging for killing his colleague. The prosecutor, Shirley Atanel said the offence was committed in February 2018 at Odo-Uro, Iyin-Ekiti in Irepodun/Ifelodun local government area of the state where the convicted herdsman killed a colleague Mohamadu Usman contrary to section 516 of the Criminal code law CAP C16, Laws of Ekiti state, 2012. According to the eyewitness who gave his testimony in the court said, “I saw two herdsmen coming with their cows while I was on my motorcycle, I later discovered that one of them was returning a blood-stained matchet into his sheath and the other one lied face down in the pool of his own blood with matchet cut on his neck.” Pronouncing the death sentence, Justice Adekunle Adeleye said, “there are no surrounding circumstances that destroy the cogency of the circumstantial evidence led against the accused. He is caught in the web of the last seen theory. In the result, I find the defendant guilty as charged. He is sentenced to death by hanging.” The prosecutor called 4 witnesses including the Investigative Police Officer, while exhibits tendered were, the accused confessional statements, photographs of the deceased butchered neck and a blood-stained matchet. The accused spoke in his own defence through his lawyer Mr Yinka Opaleke and called no witnesses.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report… China’s Greek Gift To Nigeria A report in a British tabloid in December 2006 indicated that Britain paid the final payment on a multi-billion-dollar loan it obtained in 1945 for rehabilitation, reconstruction of its infrastructure after the devastating the Second World War. According to the report, its creditors were the United States and Canada, which Britain transferred £43 million and £12 million respectively. The original loan of $4.34bn which was equivalent to £27bn as of 2006, was drawn to prevent Britain from falling into bankruptcy due to aggravated and colossal damage caused by… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.