GOVERNOR Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar of Jigawa State has said that the Jigawa State gubernatorial candidate in 2023 of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) must be an Agriculturalist. The governor made the disclosure in his speech delivered at the 2020 National tree planting campaign at Garki town in Garki local government area in the state, s “being Jigawa is an agrarian state and majority of people in the state are farmers, the governor of the state must be somebody that has an uncanny knack for agriculture.” Alhaji Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar explained that “the state has enough land and 100sthousands of Fadama areas that farmers would plant crops three times in a year.” According to him, his administration has done a lot and is doing much in agriculture as we believe that investing in agriculture in supporting economic of the highest percentage of the population of the state. He said, environmental protection, soil improvement, is one of the critical sectors for sustainable agricultural development. According to him, the fertilizer tree (Gawo) scientifically proved to have a lot of potentialities in soil improvement and protection and in view of that, it was selected among the trees to use in a federal government campaign against soil degradation. He called on states, local governments and the general public to join hand with the government on tree planting and also fight against the indiscriminate cutting down of trees. “400,000 will be planted this year and 663 communities in 104 local government are involved in the project to ensure success,” he emphasized. Governor Abubakar further explained that in a hectare of farmland 10 to 15 number of Gawo tree also known as Alcacia albida will be sufficient to replace the chemical application of fertilizer. “We would strengthen the law that prohibits the cutting down of trees in the state, order to allow farmers to reap the benefits from economic trees.” The Governor added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE STATE OF ECONOMY: How Nigeria Is Eating Its Future, Spent Over 90% Of Revenue On Debt Servicing INDICATION that Nigeria’s economy is still in the throes of death has continued to emerge with the current low revenue it is generating from oil sale and increasing demands on its foreign debt obligation especially. The parlous state of the economy is heightened by the revelation that most of the revenue…Jigawa gov  Jigawa gov FACT CHECK: Somalia President, Deputy DID NOT Fight In Viral VIDEO CLAIM: Somalia President, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo and his vice exchanged blows to the point of wrestling themselves to the ground. VERDICT: MISLEADING FULL STORY: Nigerian media space was abuzz on Saturday, August 15, 2020, with a viral video which claims to show President of Somalia, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo publicly exchanged blows with his vice…Jigawa gov NBS Says 21.76m Nigerians Unemployed In 2020 THE National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) has put the total number of unemployed Nigerians at 21,764,617. The figure is contained in the bureau’s Labor Force Statistics website entitled “Unemployment and Underemployment Report (Q2 2020) released in Abuja. It referred to the report as an Abridged Labour Force Survey under COVID-19 for August 2020. According to NBS, the unemployment rate during the period under review…Jigawa gov Our Fears As 2020 WASSCE Beckons: SS3 Students Speak On Inability To Finish Syllabus, Other Issues After a long unexpected delay occasioned by the lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic, the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) will begin in 19,129 accredited centres nationwide on August 17. Some candidates hoping to write the examination spoke with IMOLEAYO OYEDEYI and ADEOLA OTEMADE on their fears and expectations…Jigawa gov SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE