The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has said it would be conducting the state congress of the party on Saturday to elect officials into the State Working Committee (SWC) in Ekiti State. But the chairman of the caretaker committee of the party in the state, Senator Hosea Agboola has disagreed with the party on the conduct of the congress. It would be recalled the party had been in a deep crisis which has resulted in factions between the former governor, Ayo Fayose and the lawmaker representing Ekiti South, Senator Biodun Olujimi. The tussle resulted into the emergence of parallel executives from the March 7 ward congress, which the duo saw as an opportunity to capture the party machinery ahead of the 2022 gubernatorial election in the state. Speaking with journalists in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital on Friday, the secretary of the 7-man caretaker committee, Mr Diran Odeyemi said the national headquarters of the party was poised to resolve the lingering crisis in the state chapter, hence the planned conduct of the congress. Odeyemi noted that Senator Agboola argued against the conduct of the congress, canvasing the sharing of party positions between the two Fayose and Olujimi groups. He added that the two warring groups failed to agree on the position canvassed by the chairman of the caretaker committee, saying the party had no other option but to conduct the election for the party to move forward in the state. According to him, “Governor Seyi Makinde nominated as the Chairman (Senator Agboola) while I was nominated from the party in Abuja by Secundus. If for one reason or the other believe that what the party should have done is to allocate the position between Olujimi and Fayose that is his personal opinion. The party’s understanding is if you are going to share positions among these warring parties, there must first be an agreement. “The party cannot force anybody; the constitution says it is either by consensus or election. If the two of them cannot agree among themselves, then the consensus option is closed. Except if they agree among themselves, but in this case, they didn’t agree among themselves. The chairman has sympathy toward having the party to share the positions and the party said no, we can’t be sharing position because we are not ‘Father Christmas’. This is politics and democracy, if they agree, well for them. The caretaker committee cannot continue to be there.” On her part, Olujimi blamed the crisis in the state chapter of the party on Prince Uche Secondus-led National Working Committee Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus for its complicity. Olujimi accused the NWC of fueling the lingering crisis besetting the party by fanning embers of discord among party leaders in the state through divide and rules tactics. She alleged that the Secondus-led NWC was acting the script of ex-governor Ayodele Fayose who is desperate to seize control of the party’s structure. She warned the NWC to desist from dancing to the dictates of Fayose, saying acting contrary would not only damage the party but deal a devastating blow to PDP in the future. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Ekiti PDP Ekiti PDP Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Ekiti PDP Ekiti PDP Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Ekiti PDP Ekiti PDP Ekiti PDP