Since independence, Nigeria has not been corruption-free. Things are always absurd in this country. A day will not pass without hearing about one case of corruption. Unarguably, corruption has been the leading factor contributing to the underdevelopment of the country. No institution is safe from corruption’s trap. Over the years, corruption has ravaged every aspect of life in Nigeria; from mismanagement of public funds, embezzlement to siphoning the treasure of the nation. Historically, no administration; military or civilian, has been found clean since the inception of Nigeria. And till date, no solution has been found to tackle the menace despite the frantic efforts by government. Although corruption is a global phenomenon, the menace in this country is tragically overwhelming. On September 29, 2000, the Obasanjo-led government inaugurated the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) to minimise the incidence of corrupt practices in the country and to curb money laundering. In 2003, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) was also established as a law agency to investigate financial crimes in the country. After the creation of ICPC and EFCC, the country recorded some success in prosecuting and convicting many prominent Nigeria leaders. Unfortunately, few high-profile individuals face the wrath of law while majority escape justice even though they were found guilty of the offence while many cases were also buried. While Nigeria battles corruption in all sectors, the Nigerian economic stance and power has suffered degradation. In 2012, the country was reported to have lost over $400 billion to corruption since independence. Also in 2018, the country was ranked 144th in the 180 countries listed in Transparency International’s Corruption Index. Recently, the president suspended the former acting EFCC chairman, Ibrahim Magu, on corruption allegations. In the same vein, the issue of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) cropped up. Without doubt, investigation proceedings on the alleged individuals might come out positive but the question is will the perpetrators face the consequence of their offence according to the law? Nigerians are the problem of Nigeria. No outsider is laundering our funds. Our main problem is the punishment of corruption in the aspect of the constitution. I believe there is a need for the introduction of religious principles as opined by many leading figures in the country. I would like to advise the National Assembly to take into account a comprehensive research and findings from the religious leaders so as to deduce laws from the religious books. I also appeal to the Federal government to strengthen the power of the judiciary for the sake of justice, fairness and accuracy.  Abdulganiyu Abdulrahman Akanbi, Kwara State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost…