A group of Ogun State youths under the aegis of Ijebu Youths Association has called on privileged sons and daughters of Ijebu land to place on the front burner its massive development plan that would in turn guarantee the prosperity of its people. The youth group in a press release signed by its National President, Comrade Fayomi Wasiu Okikiola and the General Secretary, Comrade OlufemiOyenuga observed that there was urgent need for the sons and daughters ofIjebu land to deploy their Godgiven resources to address the problem of job creation and bad roads, among other developmental challenges across its six local governments areas. Comrade Okikiola stated that it was sad to note that many privileged sons and daughters of Ijebu land have done little in the area of establishing companies or attracting massive investment that would not only help to create employment for the unemployed youths but also help to boost the prosperity of the of its people. The group’s president lamented that “as we speak, we can count on our fingertips the number of companies in Ijebu land. Is it that we don’t have people with God-given resources that could be of help or those in the top echelon of the society that could help facilitate the coming of multinational companies to Ijebu land? It’s obvious our sons and daughters are the big players in the country’s economy and should therefore heed this clarion call to ensure our youths are gainfully engaged.” The group explained that while it is not against the annual celebration of the rich Ijebu cultural heritage dubbed Ojude Oba festival which holds on third day of EidelKabir festival at the Awujale’s palace, Ijebu-Ode, the celebration should transcend the show of opulence and henceforth should be about how to industrialise the whole of Ijebu land. “What goes into Ojude Oba festival by these different age grades (regberegbe) in terms of financial commitment is very huge. We are not against the celebration of our rich cultural heritage but we strongly hold that 80 per cent of these resources should be deployed to fixing of our bad roads and providing employment for our people. “Another source of our concern is our network of bad roads across Ijebu land. Though the present administration of Governor Dapo Abiodun is doing some interventions but what is left to be done is huge. It is our belief that prominent indigenes who have the means should collaborate with the government to address this challenge under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) agenda of the incumbent administration in the state,” the group said. The youth group while rejoicing with the Muslims on the celebration of this year Eid-el-Kabir urged them to observe all the COVID-19 health guidelines in order to further flatten the curve of the pandemic.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE