An unspecified number of protesters were on Saturday arrested by the Kaduna State police command over the peaceful protest carried out by the people of Southern Kaduna over the incessant killings in the area. Findings by Tribune Online gathered that the protesters stormed the refinery junction at Sabo in black attires holding green leaves to condemn the killings going on in their communities. One of the aggrieved youths, Samuel Haruna, holding a placard with the inscription, ‘We want peace’ told Tribune Online that it was a peaceful protest to express sadness over the killings in the area. “We have been informed earlier by our leaders to carry out the protest in an orderly manner without destroying any public buildings. However, the police who were mobilised to the venue of the Southern Kaduna protest maltreated dozens of the protesting youths, arresting some. ALSO READ: Several political supporters of Dogara dump PDP for APC in Bogoro Irked by this development, the aggrieved youths insisted on carrying out the protest until those arrested were released. However, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in charge of Sabo, CSP, Paul Tumbushi addressed the youths letting them know that nobody will stop them from carrying out the protest but they did not follow the laid down rules. Confirming the arrest of the unspecified number of youths, Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) ASP Mohammed Jalige, said the arrests were made because there was no prior notification of the protest. “Yes, some of them were arrested because they did not inform us about the protest. “We just saw the crowd.  I cannot tell you how many of them were picked now, he declared.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.