The Port Harcourt Electricity Distribution Company (PHED) says it has discontinued third party distribution of electricity bills to customers in Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Cross River and the Rivers States. Mrs Chioma Aninwe, PHED’s acting Manager, Corporate Communications, said in a statement in Port Harcourt on Monday that the decision was taken to reposition the company. She said: “PHED wishes to inform customers that their outsourced electricity bill distributed by a third party (contractors) has been terminated with effect from June 3. “The decision by management to terminate its contract with the third party is in line with a new structure strategically aimed at repositioning the company for utmost performance. ALSO READ: Declare Dogara’s seat vacant, PDP asks Gbajabiamila Aninwe added that the management also took the decision to deliver quality service to customers in the four states of its coverage. “To this end, customers are advised not to engage the services of any bill distributor, as new staff members have been recently engaged for this purpose. “The staffers will present their identity cards to customers for this purpose in the company’s franchise area,” Aninwe said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.