PRINCE Ocholi Idakwo, son of HRM Atta Igala, Dr Idakwo M A Oboni, has announced the transition of the Attah, Dr Idakwo Micheal Oboni. He made the announcement on Saturday morning at the palace while addressing the press. In a statement issued by Dr Gabriel Ottah, prince Ocholi said the Ata joined the ancestors on the 27 of August 2020. He thanked the people for their support and prayers. Prince Ocholi described his father as a man of action and one who was passionate about upholding the rich culture of Igala. Meanwhile, sympathisers have begun to troop into the palace to register their condolences. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…Attah Igala Attah Igala Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…Attah Igala Attah Igala Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…Attah Igala Attah Igala