The president, Southern Kaduna Peoples Union (SOKAPU), Honourable Jonathan Asake, in this interview by ISAAC SHOBAYO, speaks about the killings and hostilities in the southern part of Kaduna State.  WHAT is responsible for the incessant killings in Southern Kaduna? All I can say is that Southern Kaduna is presently under siege by Fulani herdsmen terrorists who are going from community to community, from local government to local government all across Southern Kaduna killing, maiming, destroying and performing all sorts of atrocities. We have found ourselves in a situation whereby it is very clear that there is a conspiracy against the people of Southern Kaduna both by the government of the day and those that are invading our communities to supplant us from our ancestral lands.  The state government imposed a 24-hour curfew in these troubled areas and yet killings are still ongoing. What is your assessment of the situation? It has become very clear again that the 24 hours curfew imposed in Kajuru and Zango Kataf local government areas was done not to keep security because if it is for security, the killings would not have been this much but being under 24 hours curfew has only given a leeway to the invaders to continue to attack and invade our communities with impunity and none of them has been apprehended or is prosecuted and that is what we have today. For instance, in Zango Kataf Local Government Area two communities were attacked  in June where 27 people were killed in cold blood. The victins were mostly women and children and that massacre took place when the curfew was in force and during the curfew, the natives were being molested whenever they were going to their farms on the pretext of imposing the curfew. The same way they went back to a community in Zango called Gorakan and killed eleven people and wounded several others and nothing happen, anytime they attack they will run into the nearby bush and the security will not go after them and those who want to go after them will be arrested, so the victims are arrested while the aggressors are allowed to go, this is what we are going through every day of our lives in our communities.  Based on your explanation, does it have to do with land grabbing? Grazing reserves are allocated to Fulani herdsmen to go and settle exclusively for fulanis, a typical example is the Laduka grazing reserve which is 33, 000 hectares of land, the present government in Kaduna State has increased it surreptitiously to 77,000 hectares. That is the size of some countries somewhere and the government has removed it from Zango Kataf and shifted it administratively and politically to Kachia Local Government Area without any reference to the Boundary Adjustment Commission, that is unconstitutional  and we are watching and ready to take legal steps to seek redress.  Since the beginning of this crisis, how many villages or communities have been sacked and how many people displaced? In Chikum Local Government more than 18 communities have been displaced; over 30 schools have been closed down because of the invasion of those communities, that is our children in these communities cannot go to school even before the lockdown. So those living in these communities are simply lurking around Kaduna suburbs. Normally when communities are so invaded and displace they move to the neighboring communities and squat with relations but only for these communities to be further invaded and displace the inhabitants. We have several of such displaced persons lurking around Kaduna. Ditto for Kajuru Local Government Area, where the Adara and over thirty communities right now are displaced and the invaders have taken over these communities and no efforts from whatsoever from the government to return these people back to their ancestral land but the Fulani who pushed them out are still occupying the place. So that suggests the complicity of government in what is playing out because the government has the police and the army to apprehend such people and bring them to justice but justice is not forthcoming. So most of the Adara people of Kajuru Local Government Area are presently displaced. The paramount ruler of Adara last year was kidnapped by the same Fulani militia and ransom was paid but he was killed and up till now, no new chief has been appointed by the state government and the government is not interested in appointing a new chief for Adara but went a long way to create an Emir in that local government. In Zango kataf Local Government Area, the displaced people are now in a church in Zonkuwa  and they are over 1000 plus and we still have people running into that camp because of fear of further attack.  What is the way out of the present situation? If the government is sincere and committed to finding peace, the government should go after these invaders that are going from one local government area to another killing mostly women and children. Government should not misrepresent fact by saying it is farmers and herders clash, those killed are not killed in their farms but in their houses. Secondly, there should be establishment of civilian and military taskforce whereby the youths will join the military to keep vigilance over the community and three that the community should be empowered to carry minimal arms to keep vigilance of their communities.  What is your position on the statement credited to the Federal Government that  incessant clashes in the Southern Kaduna are as a result of reprisal? Mallam Garuba Shehu mentioned that, it was so unfortunate. To me it was a misrepresentation of fact, it is misleading. We have been living in peace with one another and we have other people across the country, all us have been living in peace with one another, so where are the gangs coming from? The only gang that we know is the gang of the Fulani militia that goes from community to community killing innocent people. The government should go after them if we have the rule of law in this country and the presidency should stop misleading people.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Attacks Salami Panel •Accuses Panel Of Using Looters Against Him SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has accused the presidential panel probing the activities of the anti-graft commission under his leadership of being hostile to him anytime he attempts to take up issue with those testifying against him…Read Full Story Nigeria Records New 462 COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 43,151 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 462 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. The 462 new cases have brought the nation’s confirmed cases of COVID-19 infection to 43,151… Read Full Story No Inch Of Yoruba Land Will Be Ceded To FG’s Creditors —Afenifere THE pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Friday declared that no inch of Yoruba land will be ceded to creditors of the Federal Government should there be reasons for its creditors to make such demands… Read Full Story Naira Marley Has Delivered On His Promise Of N1m To Me —Actor, Jude Chukwuka For actor, emcee and orator, Jude Ogomegbulem Chukwuka, he is a connector between the old and younger generations. Fame smiled on him recently as he became the talk of the town and everyone wanted to know more about his personality. In this chat with FEMI OGUNTAYO, the Delta-Igbo man, who is in his late… Read Full Story Oshiomhole’s Jolly Ride In Raw Realism IF you allow a lamb unfettered freedom to jump as he likes, he might end up breaking his tender legs. These were the words my grandfather used when he once remonstrated with a young, freedom-seeking me. It felt very picturesquely different and was piercing in a new way because I had just relocated from Ibadan… Read Full Story Lagos Is Like Today’s London Where An Arab Is Mayor, APC Tells Agitating Indigenes FOLLOWING the controversy that greeted the claim by a frontline chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State, Mr Fouad Oki, that only three former governors of the state have clear Eko ancestry, political leaders across the aisle have been giving the issue a wide possible berth due to its implications… Read Full Story Boko Haram Mortar Attack In Maiduguri Kills Seven People Seven people are alleged to have been killed, while a post-graduate student of Mass Communication and about 26 others are being treated in various hospitals including the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH) after suffering injuries from four mortar bombs said to have been fired by Boko Haram from … Read Full Story EFCC, NDDC, NSITF: Why The Anus Of Those In Power Smells Too Badly —Prof. Toyin Falola There have been changes since 1960, no doubt. However, there are disappointments with virtually all the sectors and institutions, including the houses of Gods where pastors wear Satanic uniforms. The current mood is that of hopelessness. The current group of politicians is not the set of leaders in any country… Read Full Story 114 Years After, US Organisation Apologises For Putting African Man On Display In Zoo An organisation in the United States (US) that runs a zoo has apologised for putting an African man on display in its monkey house. For one week in 1906, the Bronx Zoo in New York kept a man from Central Africa in an enclosure in its monkey house. There, he stayed trapped in an iron cage with an orangutan while hundreds of… Read Full Story We’ll Retrieve Our Seat From Dogara —Akuyam, Bauchi PDP Boss Last week, former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr. Yakubu Dogara, defected from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) back to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). In this interview by ISHOLA MICHAEL, the PDP chairman in Bauchi State, Hamza Kashe Akuyam, speaks on the development… Read Full Story What To Do About Hepatitis B When Pregnant? Around the world, the most common mode of hepatitis B transmission is from mother to child. Unfortunately, pregnant mothers who have hepatitis B can transmit the virus to their newborn during the delivery process. About 90 per cent of hepatitis B infected babies have lifelong chances of the infection progressing and… Read Full Story “De-Radicalisation” Of Terrorists Doesn’t Work The de-radicalisation, rehabilitation, and reintegration of so-called repentant Boko Haram terrorists have emerged as one of the centrepieces of the Buhari regime’s governance, which is not surprising given that Buhari had said in the past that government-sanctioned retaliatory aggression against Boko Haram terrorists… Read Full Story What Is Your Take On Public Display Of Affection? In a world where love is a necessity, how do people feel about displaying their affection publicly? If this question bothers you as much as it bothers me, we might have found the right avenue to put it to bed. This week on WhatsApp conversation, the contributors gave their take on the public display of affection… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE