ECOBANK Nigeria has unveiled a special loan package for female entrepreneurs in the country. Known as the Ecobank Female Entrepreneurs’ Initiative (EFEI), the loan is specially designed by the bank to financially empower female business owners and entrepreneurs in the country. According to Head, Consumer Asset Product, Ecobank Group, Daberechi Effiong, the EFEI loan as conceived by the bank, is targeted at boosting small scale businesses owned by women, adding that it is a further demonstration of the importance the bank attaches to the role of women in sustainable development and contribution to the nation’s economy. Mrs. Effiong who is also the EFEI Coordinator, explained that prospective female business owners could access credit with interest rates as low as one per cent, noting that the process for accessing the credit facility is easy and stress-free. “The EFEI loan is one of our several ways of further encouraging female entrepreneurs in the country. As a bank, we believe empowering women will enable them play their role better in the society and the economy. This loan would position them for increased participation, validation and contribution to their communities. The terms and conditions for accessing the loan are simple and easy such that many female entrepreneurs could readily avail themselves of the opportunity and grow their business.” She advised the women business owners to approach the bank online through its social media platforms or send a mail for the loan to boost their business, assuring them of Ecobank’s support and assistance in growing their business. EFEI was introduced by the bank to assist women business owners. Earlier in the year, Ecobank trained over 140 female business owners through the EFEI platform on digital marketing skills in its state-of-the-art academy. This was a follow up to a two-day capacity building on cash flow management and EFEI business opportunities held last year. The digital training drew participants from Lagos and its environs and they were exposed to seminars, networking events, loans, trade fairs and exhibition of customers’ products.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom? After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense! MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE