Lagos State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commiserated with the families of victims of the boat accidents which occurred in various waterway paths of the state, especially in the last 30 days, demanding that adequate compensation be paid by the state government to the families of the deceased. The party also charged the state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to in the meantime, declare Lagos waterways transport system unsafe and relieve LASWA General Manager, Mr Oluwadamilola Emmanuel, of his appointment, describing the steps as “an urgent need to stop the ongoing colossal loss of lives in this government department.” The party made this demand on Sunday in a statement made available to newsmen by its spokesperson, Mr Taofik Gani, expressing disappointment with the recent development in the state waterway sector, saying it was a coincidence worth being investigated. According to PDP, the investigation is imperative as “weeks after the LASWA General Manager boasted that there has been no boat mishap on Lagos waterways, facts now revealed that over 50 lives had actually been lost, with the last 17 victims being in the last 10 days.” PDP, while decrying the statement by the LASWA boss and the recent sad development in the state waterways, further demanded the overhaul of LASWA, prosecution of erring officials and operators as well as an apology from the state government. “We demand the sack of the LASWA general manager and overhaul of the agency; compensation for victims; prosecution of erring officials and operators; an apology from the governor,” the party demanded.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE