The Presidency has assured that the Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari, has no plan to interfere in the conduct of the September 19 governorship election in Edo State. This followed speculation that former National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole’s recent meeting with him at the presidential villa, Abuja was an attempt to get him to facilitate the arrest of unknown opposition members in the state. Recall that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) had interpreted the video of Oshiomhole and Gambari where the former party boss spoke of “arrests” and “dealing with” some unknown individuals as a plot to arrest opposition members, clergymen and other stakeholders in Edo state. The main opposition party had consequently called on the international community to take note and also cancel the travel visas of both Oshiomhole and Gambari. Despite the Presidency’s earlier reassurance, the matter had remained in public discussion without abating. But in a reaction to the PDP’s stance, a top Presidency source who did not want to be identified said on Sunday that those dragging the Chief of Staff into Edo politics are wasting their time because as an accomplished diplomat, he would do no such thing. The Presidency source wondered how the PDP could have been so sure that the “arrest” mentioned in the discussion referred to their party members. The source stated: “What PDP is doing is called ‘playing the devil’s card’, which is all about suggesting ideas into people’s heads, the truth does not matter in such an atmosphere. “What I am convinced of is that even the leaders of the PDP know what they are doing is wicked and unethical, but since it is politics, they believe anything goes. “How do you know the ‘arrest’ in the conversation is for PDP elements? The target in this mudslinging is the Chief of Staff to the President, but their mistake is that this is not a man for this sort of politics. “He’s way above petty politicking. He’s a career diplomat and hardly interested in this kind of politics, those who know him, know this much about him.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders…Gambari won’t interfere Gambari won’t interfere Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis…Gambari won’t interfere Gambari won’t interfere ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and…Gambari won’t interfere Gambari won’t interfere