Former Minister of Education during the tenure of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, Chief Kenneth Gbagi, has charged students of tertiary institutions in Delta State to take responsibility for their future. Gbagi, who observed that students have various roles to play in creating a better state for themselves by being responsible citizens and electing good leaders, encouraged them to develop a hunger to effect positive change in the state. The Urhobo-born business mogul gave the charge at the weekend during a familiarisation visit by student leaders of all tertiary institutions in the state, held at his Oginibo country home in Ughelli South Local Government Area of the state. Chief Gbagi said though his meeting with the student leaders was at his instance, it was not for the purpose of political gratification, but to pep up the youth to determine what happens around them. “Why did I say I want to meet the students of all the institutions? All of you here are of voting age. In every country in the world, people of your age are the people that change the situation of the country from bad to good. “There’s something we must to do to change our situation from where we are now, to where we ought to be. We owe ourselves a duty to make sure this state works,” he noted. He urged the students to be deliberate in effecting positive change in the state, saying “if you are unable to change this state positively, it means you yourself have failed. Not the governor, not the House of Assembly members.” Rather than complaining that the government is not working, the chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state advised the students to think about what they could do for their country. “Have you created a platform for development? Truth is you must be a party to how your life is structured. You must make a choice, you must be intentional for what is right to happen. “A proper government is that government that makes sure that its citizenry has a source of livelihood. “In this state, with what we have here, you can change your future with the possibilities that are here,” he charged the students with a pledge to add value to the educational sector of the state if elected as governor in future. Meanwhile, the over 85 students who represented their colleagues from 16 institutions across the state thanked their host for his words of encouragement and the COVID-19 relief materials presented to them. Student Union President of the School of Science & Technology, Ozoro, Comrade Success Efebe and Comr. Ako Oghenetega Kenneth of the Student Union at Delta State Polytechnic both urged Chief Gbagi to consider improving the infrastructure in higher institutions in the state rather than establishing new ones. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.