The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government. The party said the negotiation of Nigeria’s sovereignty over loans is not only insulting to the Nigerian people but also exposes the act of malfeasance by the presidency in connivance with the APC. The party said the revelation of the absurd clause in the N500 million loan had confirmed its earlier alarm that the APC  and its government had auctioned the country. “Such mortgage of our sovereignty in a loan agreement is in further violation of the oath of office of the president to protect the interest of the sovereignty of our nation. “The PDP also calls on the National Assembly to review all foreign loan agreements entered into by the APC-led administration and take further urgent steps to retrieve our nation from the international the auction,” the PDP said in a statement signed by its national publicity secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan. The opposition party said Nigerians reject such sovereignty- pawning clause and are not ready to mortgage any part of the country under any guise whatsoever. It charged the APC-led administration to retrace its step and halt every action regarding the administration of the loan until all toxic clauses are removed from the agreement.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE