Popular and controversial Nigerian radio personality, television host, vlogger, lifestyle entrepreneur and author, Toke Makiwa has shaken the table once again as she said many arrogant ladies may not find their helpmates and husbands because of their pride and too much ‘packaging’. 35-year-old Toke who is known for her luxury lifestyle as an ‘independent woman, who doesn’t need a man’, seems to be changing course as she dazed her fans with talks on why ladies who think they don’t need a man and are arrogant should bring down their ‘shoulder-pad’. “Some of you, your shoulder-pad is too high, drop it, there is nothing under the shoulder-pad, why is it so high? I know we have to pose as ladies because, yes, it is part of our DNA, but some of you pose too much, your future husband left you because you are posing. I know there is confidence, but you are just being arrogantly stupid for what? “You are hungry, you don’t have money, so why are you acting like you have arrived, that is packaging gone wrong. I know who I am, I can’t this, I can’t that, it is that I can’t that is killing you,” she said. This did not go down well with many of her female followers, as some saw her advice as being misleading having being an advocate of women standing on their own and not needing a man to succeed. One of her followers with the username ‘the_black_woman’ said: “Aunty Toke stay in one place, so that you will not suffer 600 years. It was you that said we should do igara chicken and show these men pepper, it is the same you now that is saying we should calm down”. Another follower with the name ‘Graice’ said: “How can you be shaking a table you are standing on, this woman is confused.” Toke is known for hosting ‘The Morning Drive’ on radio and for her YouTube vlog series ‘Toke Moments’. Toke is still unmarried 3 years on after she got separated from her ex-husband, Maje Ayinda in 2017.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension
THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper… WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused
WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child
Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza. 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF
THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by … Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers
THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the… Boko Haram Now Recruiting Child Soldiers — MNJTF
THE Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) says the Boko Haram terrorist group has introduced the use of child soldiers to resuscitate its declining influence in the Lake Chad Basin. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the Chief of Military Public Information for MNJTF, Colonel Timothy… BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE