Zamfara State governor,  Bello Matawalle has declared three-day mourning in the state after a ghastly motor accident claimed the lives of sixteen people along Tsafe-Gusau road in Zamfara State. Confirming the incident to Tribune Online in Gusau, the Public Relation Officer of the Federal road safety Corp, (FRSC), Zamfara State, Yassir Shehu, said the accident involved four vehicles along Fegin Danmarke in Tsafe local government area of the state on Wednesday night. He said the vehicles involved were Peugeot wagon, Golf saloon, golf wagon and a trailer truck which he attributed to the high speed of the drivers. “All the corpses were deposited at Tsafe general hospital in the state”. Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle has condoled the families of all the deceased persons who lost their lives in the accident. ALSO READ: Details emerge of how Akinwumi Adesina got 100% votes for second term as AfDB president The governor has also directed the observance of three-day mourning in honour of the departed souls, “all flags should fly at half-mast” he declared. The accident occurred on 26th August around 5:30 pm when a truck lost control and crushed four saloon cars, instantly killing about 14  passengers instantly. The accident occurred a few minutes after Governor Bello Mohammed passed the point on his way back to Gusau from Abuja. According to the Special Adviser to the governor on media communication and public enlightenment, Mallam Zailani Bappa, Governor Matawalle received information of the accident before reaching Gusau and he immediately returned to the scene and ordered for the quick conveyance of the corpses to Yariman Bakura Specialist Hospital in Gusau. The governor directed for immediate contact with the families of the victims and ordered all his staffs to come out for a befitting burial to the deceased. They have since been accorded befitting burial attended by hundreds of people according to Islamic injunctions. May their souls rest in perfect peace. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE