Nigerian music sensation, Benjamin Uwah, popularly known as Dabenja, has said his greatest mission in the industry is to take Afrobeats genre music to the next level globally. The Akwa-Ibom State-born act revealed that music is his way of life and passion. According to him, “I am in the music industry for a purpose, as much as I will be entertaining my fans with good music, my mission is also to take Afrobeats to the next level. I want music lovers around the world to feel my music. I want to make my own contribution to the growth of Afro music in Nigeria and Africa through my music” he declares. “Music is not just my first love, as a matter of fact, music is my way of life. Writing songs or even just listening to music transports me into another world, a world free of pain and troubles. Music keeps me sane. It wasn’t a surprise to anyone when I decided to go into music full time, I can’t imagine myself doing any other thing apart from music,” stated. The artiste, who is also the Chief Executive Director, The Mustard Seed music (TMS) and graduate of Business Administration from the University of East London, noted that his desire to impact the society positively, spurred him to launch ‘Dabenja Foundation’, a charity organisation for the underprivileged. Having broke into the music scene in 2011, Dabenja, who has worked with some A-list artistes has since gone to release other hits songs such as, “Select”, “Sugarbaby”, “Take Away” and his 2019 hit single “Yakata”, which he performed at the “Afrikan Shrine” during the annual Felabration Musical Concert in 2017 and his newly released work,, blessings entitled, “Blessings”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…” BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE