The International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), on Wednesday, commenced distribution of personal protective equipment (PPE) to Taraba farmers, processors and marketers under its Value Chain Development Program (VCDP). Dr David Kassa, the Taraba Commissioner for Agriculture flagged-off the distribution of the items at a brief ceremony in Jalingo. Kassa explained that since the major objective of VCDP is to boost the income of households and enhance food security among rice and cassava farmers, processors and marketers, it was imperative to protect them against the COVID-19 pandemic. “As some of us are aware, the major objective of IFAD -VCDP is that the incomes of engaged in production, processing and marketing of rice and cassava in the eight targeted local government areas is enhanced. ALSO READ: Anambra Assembly pledges legislative support for vision 2070 development plan “The participating farmers in the eight councils of Ardo-Kola, Bali, Donga, Gassol, Jalingo, Karim-Lamido, Takum and Wukari are beneficiaries of the PPEs,” he said. According to him, the action is the programme’s way of complementing the commendable efforts of the state government in tackling the pandemic. In his opening remarks, Mr Irimiya Musa, the State Programme Coordinator (SPC) urged VCDP farmers to use the PPEs to stay safe and work hard to enhance food security. Musa lauded the efforts of Gov Darius Ishaku in giving priority to VCDP activities in the state for the benefit of rural rice and cassava farmers. “I want to commend Gov Ishaku for always responding promptly to the needs of VCDP in terms of counterpart funding and other necessary support to succeed,” he said. Tribune Online reports that COVID-19 protocol of social distancing, hand washing, use of face mask and use of hand sanitizers were strictly adhered to at the event.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.