The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Abubakar Adamu on Monday said that the personnel of the Nigeria Police Force under his watch would remain neutral and professional in their conduct during the forthcoming governorship elections in Edo and Ondo States. The IGP gave the assurance in Abuja during an interactive session with members of the civil society organisations to brainstorm on measures to ensure hitch-free elections in the two states. He promised that the Force would also ensure free, fair and credible elections in the two states. While promising that the Police would deploy all resources to ensure a level play-field for all parties involved in the elections, the IGP confirmed that there was the likelihood of violence in the elections in both states. He, however, hinted that the Police had already deployed intelligence to generate threat analysis which would be used to sustain their processes in elections in both states to prevent any breakdown of law and order. Adamu said the police acknowledged the contributions of CSOs as the key actors in electioneering processes in the country, hence the need for the interactive sessions in view of the upcoming elections. According to him, “the objective is to share knowledge and compare knowledge especially in regards to experiences with election security in Nigeria. “We shall have discussions on key indicators of key election security threats especially arming and movements of political thugs, use of inciting statements during political campaigns, the high likelihood of violence, the issue of misinformation and disinformation aimed at heating up the polity.” In his short remarks, the leader of the CSOs, Comrade Ken Nwakwo solicited for Information sharing between the Police and the CSOs before, during and after the polls in ensuring hitch-free polls. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…