FOLLOWING the recent closure of over 200 foreign-owned shops, mostly belonging to Nigerians by authorities in Ghana, the Ghanaian Government, on Tuesday, summoned Nigeria’s Chargé d’Affaires to Ghana, Esther Adebola Arewa, over the criticism that had trailed the decision. As contained in a tweet, Ghana’s Foreign Affairs Minister, Shirley Ayorkor Botchwey alleged that her counterpart in Nigeria, Geoffrey Onyeama said the crackdown on illegal foreign retail business in the country was for political gains. While describing the comment as ‘most unfortunate’, she noted that the Ghanaian government was not targeting any particular nationality in this exercise. She said that countries sometimes take tough decisions in order to enforce their laws just as Nigeria took a decision to shut its borders last year to fight smuggling, despite its impact on ECOWAS member countries. According to her, Ghanaian laws bar foreigners from engaging in retail business, especially in the market areas and local business owners are putting pressure on the authorities to enforce them. It will be recalled that diplomatic relations between the two countries have strained in recent months, following the trade tensions and the demolition of a building belonging to the Nigerian High Commission by unidentified gunmen in Accra. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his… My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports… Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the… Ghana summons Nigerian Ambassador | Ghana summons Nigerian Ambassador | Ghana summons Nigerian Ambassador LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN