THE chairman of the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON), Alhaji Zikrullah Hassan, has sought support for the success of the proposed Hajj Training Institute (HTI) and the Hajj Savings Scheme (HSS). Hassan solicited support for the commission’s two initiatives when he visited the Kaduna State Pilgrims’ Welfare Board on Wednesday in Kaduna. A statement signed by NAHCON’s head of public affairs, Fatima Sanda Usara, quoted Alhaji Hassan as describing the visit as part of the commission’s mobilisation drive towards creating awareness for the two initiatives. The NAHCON chairman stated that the state boards would benefit from the two schemes as they are directly in contact with the pilgrims and staff for whom training and retraining on hajj administration and participation are essential. Hassan said he recognised state boards as crucial to the success of both initiatives. He expressed confidence that the savings scheme would be a game changer in the hajj industry and so it has to be promoted by all. According to Hassan, the hajj training institute was aimed at professionalising and standardising hajj operation in Nigeria as well as opening up employment opportunities and contributing to the growth of the Nigerian economy. He then expressed gratitude to Kaduna State Pilgrims’ Welfare Board for hosting the NAHCON contingent despite the short notice. In her remarks, the acting overseer of the Kaduna State Pilgrims Welfare Board, Hajiya Hannatu Zailani, thanked the NAHCON leadership for the visit and pledged the board’s readiness to support the commission whenever the need arises because of its laudable initiatives. She described the two schemes as eliciting enthusiasm, adding that her board is eagerly awaiting their commencements. Hajiya Zailani stated that out of the 2,383 pilgrims that registered for botched 2020 hajj in the state, only 172 had requested for a refund, adding that the refund would commence as soon as government approval is received. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…NAHCON mobilises support NAHCON mobilises support MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…NAHCON mobilises support NAHCON mobilises support 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…NAHCON mobilises support NAHCON mobilises support LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN