CITIZEN Modupeoluwa Oyetoso, a young female entrepreneur who owns a farm in Lanlate, Ibarapa East Local Government Area of Oyo State, is currently disillusioned not just because of her recent encounter with kidnappers which sadly culminated in the death of her fiancée but also because she has just realised that she stands the risk of being kidnapped again if she continues her farming business in that environment.  The knowledge that two separate incidents of kidnapping had occurred shortly after her own in the same environment made her comprehend how perilous that location is for business. According to her, while returning from her farm in Lanlate in company with her fiancée, some hoodlums waylaid their car, killed her fiancée and abducted her. From all indications, the outlaws probably wanted to abduct one or both of them but her fiancée who was behind the wheel incurred their wrath for trying to manoeuvre the car to escape the attack. After that, she was abducted, dragged along the forest under the rain, kept in a dehumanizing condition and subjected to death threats, despair and helplessness. She was released two days later but not until her father had personally delivered a ransom in millions of naira, which she even met the yobs counting. One really disturbing revelation from the young lady’s predicament is the illusion of the waning criminal activities of Fulani kidnappers in the South-West: a false impression that is apparently being fed by the deleterious but burgeoning culture of silence by kidnap victims and members of their families. Citizen Oyetoso confessed that she did not appreciate the seriousness of insecurity in her farm’s neighbourhood until she lived it not because untoward incidents were not happening but because victims simply counted their losses and moved on without sharing their experiences.  For instance, it was after Oyetoso’s incident that it became public knowledge that more than 10 members of the Ibadan branch of the Poultry Association of Nigeria had been victims of kidnappers within the last five months. It was as bad as that. The regime of taciturnity by victims, on the other hand, was allegedly occasioned by the official involvement in the previous cases of kidnapping which were largely ineffectual. It is even believed in some quarters that getting the police involved in cases of abduction tends to compound the challenges of the victims rather than solve them. Whether or not this notion is correct, it is symptomatic of citizens’ gradual loss of confidence in the capacity and/willingness of the State to protect them and that does not bode well for the image of the government and the kind of relationship it is supposed to have with citizens. What is the essence of government if citizens have a veritable sense of insecurity or are victims of violence perpetrated by non-state actors, and yet cannot hope that succour will come from the government, which is supposed to have the monopoly of violence? Nonetheless, it is imperative that survivors/victims of kidnap incidents speak up so that other people can learn from their experiences, and also to prevent the muggers from having a field day. This is what secrecy about their activities and a sense of impunity tend to give them.  The consequences of the seeming official dereliction of duty are grave. Already, some farmers in the affected location are reportedly abandoning their farms; those who chose to stay are living in fear, believing that they could be the next victim, while many would-be investors in agribusinesses have begun to have a rethink. It is really concerning that this state of affairs may also apply in the other agricultural belts in the South-West. And when this painful development in the South-West is added to the disruptions to agribusinesses occasioned by the activities of killer herdsmen, armed bandits and Boko Haram insurgents in the North- Central, North-West and North-East respectively, it is needless saying that the country’s pursuit of food security is in jeopardy. For the umpteenth time, we urge the security agencies to reset their strategy to tackle insecurity in the land. It is evident that the current approach is patently ineffective. There is the need to prioritise prophylactic measures over the usual  reaction to incidents of crime. Community policing should be activated and deployed to prevent criminal activities in the local areas. Fortunately, the Federal Government has just reportedly voted a sum of money for this initiative and it is hoped that the police will latch onto this opportunity to reduce local crimes.  It is also gladdening to learn that two of the kidnappers have been apprehended by the police; one is said to be a Fulani and the other Yoruba.  What that suggests is that the Fulani kidnappers are working hand- in-hand with some unscrupulous local collaborators to perpetrate their nefarious activities in the zone. The police should investigate this incident painstakingly and ensure that the perpetrators are brought to book.  They are also enjoined to take advantage of the arrest of the  felons to dig into the roots of criminal activities in the area with a view to stopping such dastardly acts permanently.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North… Oyetoso | Oyetoso | Oyetoso LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN