The Rotary Club in partnership with the Federal Capital Territory Authority (FCTA), through the Abuja Parks and Recreation, has embarked on tree planting in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to curb the effect of climate change. Speaking during the tree planting, the President of Rotary Club of Abuja, Ministers Hill, Omosun Oziegbe said the Council of Registration of the Rotary International passed a resolution to embark on projects that support the environment. He said Rotary Club has seven areas of purpose, which are maternal and child health, disease prevention and treatment, basic education and literacy project, economic empowerment and community development, peace and conflict resolution. His words: “At the beginning of the Rotary year, the Council of Registration of the Rotary International passed a resolution that in as much as we carry out projects in other areas of focus, we should include supporting the environment. “We all know the resultant effect of climate change and how it has affected our world today, so by supporting the environment, we are seeing ways we can mitigate climate change and make the world a better place for ourselves and our generation. “We have about 46 rotary clubs in Abuja, so other clubs have done and are still doing projects based on the environment. All Rotary Clubs are in partnership in this project. He said the project is in partnership with Abuja Parks and Recreation, who was instrumental in providing the seedlings, the areas to be planted. Also, the President of Rotary Club Abuja, Wuse 2, Jacob Gadiga said supporting the environment is one of the major focus of Rotary Club. He said the Club has also rolled out sustainability plans for the project whereby trees that aren’t growing well would be replaced. “We are here to support the environment which one of our area of focus. We see the global warming how it is affecting the climate, so by planting trees, we want to say that we reduce the global warming so that our environment will be greener and also, people will have a very good environment to live in. That is our aim for this particular project. “On sustainability, our plan is that from time to time, we will come and check, if we see anyone that is not growing well, we will replace it, this place now is like our street, we are going to ensure that we maintain what we planted,” he noted. The past District Governor Joshua Hassan, IPP Pietro Uzoh, IPP George Hembah, Club Secretary of Rotary Club, Ministers Hill Martin Odine and other Rotarians present also showed their support to the project whilst encouraging people to be more mindful about their environment. The tree planting took place at the popular Berger roundabout and proceeded towards Arab junction in Utako.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.