An Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Thursday, ordered that a 35-year-old businessman, Charles Godwin, who allegedly defiled an 11-year-old girl, be remanded in a correctional centre. Chief Magistrate P.E. Nwaka, who did not take the plea of Godwin, ordered that he should be remanded in the Nigerian Correctional Service in Kirikiri, pending legal advice from the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP). Nwaka ordered the police to return the case file to the DPP. He adjourned the case until Sept. 4, for mention. ALSO READ: Enugu govt commences exclusive breastfeeding sensitisation The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Godwin, who resides at No. 19, Alhaji Jinadu St., Afro media, Okokomaiko, Lagos, was charged with defilement. The Prosecutor, Insp. Christopher John alleged that Godwin committed the offence on Feb. 9, at 5.00 pm at the above address. He submitted that Godwin defiled the girl in his residence. The prosecutor said the offence contravened the provisions of Section 137 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015, which prescribes up to life imprisonment on conviction. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.