NOT a few Nigerians, especially residents of Oyo State, were terrified, nonplussed and astonished at the recent disconcerting news that Sunday Shodipe, the teenage serial killer plying his nefarious and murderous trade in the Akinyele local government area of the state, had escaped from police custody. During the past week, youths in the local government area protested against the shoddy handling of  the teenager by the police. The youths took their protest to the Oyo State police command headquarters in Eleyele, Ibadan, where they intimated the state Commissioner of Police, Nwachukwu Enwonwu, with their distress and dissatisfaction with the handling of Shodipe by his men. Indeed, another group reportedly gave the police until September 1 to find the fugitive criminal. The escape from custody of the serial killer should rightly be a source of concern against the backdrop of  sustained security lapses in the country and the suspected complicity of some errant members of the security agencies. It is shocking that such a suspect on serial murder charges could escape from police custody when he was expected to be in manacles. To worsen matters, no sooner had he escaped than another victim in the same local government area fell into the vicious, malevolent and bloodthirsty dagger of a murderer on the prowl. Was that murderer Shodipe? He may or may not have been, but his presence in town caused considerable consternation, with many wondering who would be the next victim, and when. Understandably, the people of the local government area could not sleep with their two eyes closed. They lived in emotional turmoil and apprehension of the next visit from the serial murderer of innocent, hapless people. It was therefore really heartening to learn that Sodipe was rearrested last weekend. The Oyo State police PRO, SP Olugbenga Fadeyi, confirmed that he had been rearrested, but without giving any details about the circumstances of his rearrest. However, in a video that has since surfaced, the suspect narrated the circumstances of his escape from police custody. According to him, “The new DPO at Mokola Police Station told a policeman, Funso, that he should take us out to have our bath. The policeman took me out and warned me against trying to escape. I didn’t even think of escaping when he said that. But when I saw that he was engrossed in a discussion with a man, I climbed the tank stand and scaled the fence. It was around 7 pm when I escaped.” Certainly, Shodipe’s rearrest has restored the credibility deficit that the Nigeria police would have suffered if the saga had lingered further. Happily, residents of Akinyele local government area can now sleep peacefully provided that Shodipe is alone in his bloodletting career. The prompt response from the Inspector General of Police and the Oyo State governor in this situation is really commendable. Clearly, the weight of their respective offices has been brought to bear on the case. They acted swiftly on the people’s request for a return to normalcy. That is the way things should be. Yet there is still a desperate need to ensure that calm once again returns to the entire Akinyele local government area, which has been in the news for the wrong reasons. Henceforth, the police should be careful not to allow this kind of shoddiness to attend the execution of their statutory mandate of providing adequate security for the country’s civil populace.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his…  My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports…  Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN