Justice Taiwo Taiwo of the Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday affirmed a restraining order stopping the Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, from according any form of recognition to the leadership of the National Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN) under Comrade Saraigbe Sukubo. Justice Taiwo also affirmed the order stopping Sukubo from parading himself as National President of NYCN, pending the determination of a suit challenging the legality of the congress that produced him. When the matter came up on Monday, Sukubo who is the first defendant informed the court through his counsel, Clement Aninuoya, that he had filed a motion asking the court to set aside the restraining order. Aninuoya also told the court that the Incorporated Trustees of the NYCN which secured the restraining order against him had filed a counter-affidavit opposing his motion and served same on him during the proceedings. He, therefore, prayed the court to grant him an adjournment to enable him to react to issues raised in the counter affidavit of the plaintiff. Justice Taiwo in a brief ruling granted the request for adjournment request and adjourned the matter for hearing of all pending motions till August 24, 2020. Justice Taiwo, however, affirmed that the restraining order granted by his court restraining the Minister of Youth and Sports development from recognising the disputed NYCN leadership and its president from parading himself still subsists until it is set aside. He warned that no party in the matter should do anything to overreach the court in the issues slated for resolution. The Incorporated Trustees of the NYCN had dragged Sukubo and the minister before the Federal High Court challenging the legality of the congress that produced Sukubo as the national president. Before adjourning the matter to August 24, Justice Taiwo had queried counsel to the first defendant for writing a letter to the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court asking for hearing of the case during court vacation without copying counsel to the plaintiff as required by rule of the court. The court, therefore, warned lawyers to always play by the rule of court and in compliance with extant law.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years
THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever
This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.