Only the guilty should be afraid of checks or scrutiny. Remember the genesis of the law? There was public outcry sometimes ago over government’s negligence in checking dubious governance and administration within religious bodies. The truth is that the clerics, mosque and churches have not proven to be above fault or wrong especially when it matters most? It has been proved beyond doubt that a naughty person will always be one no matter the surface dressing with artificial ‘honour’ of priviledge. This is so sad. The lawmakers in the National Assembly are from diverse religious affiliations and belief; also, the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo is a respected pastor and a professor of law who is not ignorant of the church. If he has no objections or fearful expectations from the new laws and ideals, this is enough to halt suspicion. I don’t think our clerics are more representatives of the people than the lawmakers and democratic government. If the government is all about faulty characters, corruption isn’t challenged when religious leaders from our mosques or churches can’t be better or trustworthy? I believe CAMA is not going to cause temptation to sin in churches but will bring about more righteousness or fellowship with God. Moh’d Bagudu, Minna YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …