Was it the British that handed over Nigeria to the North at independence – The North that said they were not ready for independence, or our greed, selfishness and the quest for personal gains? Did the British not say the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, could rule any of the first world countries? Did they (colonialists) vote for the Northern People’s Congress or go into any alliance with them? President Muhammadu Buhari wants to know how terrorists get arms despite border closure. Who are those manning the borders? Nigerians! In Nigeria, a camel can pass through the eye of a needle if you spin the camel into N50 notes. Who checks vehicle particulars, road worthiness, driver’s licence and related matters anymore? A stiff-necked nation peopled by cancerous corruption carriers. Just look at the photo-up on page 3 of Nigerian Tribune of August 12, 2020. The Hausa/Fulani Security committee members committed to instilling lessons of too many cooks spoil the broth of security, with perspectives that often contradict conventional wisdom of “united, we stand, divided, we fall.” No wonder, a tiny pack of ill-trained wanderers hold the entire security forces of Nigeria to ransom. Who says nepotism, the blind spot blocking our vision, making good governance absent in the corridors of power, is not winning? Pictures do not lie; our president has earned a reputation for straight talk as a passionate anti-corruption advocate and crusader. The answer to his query, “How do terrorists get arms despite border closure?” is right in his pocket. John R. Jimoh, Ijebu-Ode. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018…Reason Nigeria is polarised Reason Nigeria is polarised MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it…Reason Nigeria is polarised Reason Nigeria is polarised 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19…Reason Nigeria is polarised Reason Nigeria is polarised LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN