THE aviation industry is among the most severely affected by the global economic downturn triggered by the outbreak of Covid-19, and with travel reduced to all but the most essential, one would be justified in dismissing news of a collision between two airplanes. Yet, this is precisely what took place last week when an Airbus A330-243 belonging to the Middle East Airline (MEA) apparently collided with a Boeing 777 cargo aircraft with registration number TC-LJC operated by Turkish Airlines. According to media reports, the Turkish cargo flight was parked at the international airport apron when the taxiing MEA Airbus rain into it, ripping off part of its right horizontal tail unit. In a statement titled “Press release on Turkish Airline and Middle East Airline Ground Collision Occurrence,” the General Manager, Public Affairs, of the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Mr. Tunji Oketumbi, confirmed the above details, adding that “All passengers on the Middle East Airline had to disembark with no injury or fatality.” Mr. Oketumbi also assured that a formal investigation into the incident would be undertaken by his office, following which it would issue a formal release. Like all Nigerians concerned with safety at the country’s local and international airports, we eagerly await the result of the formal investigation. In the meantime, our curiosity is piqued, and we have questions that Mr. Oketumbi’s team should consider taking on board as it conducts its investigation. In the first place, how is it that two airplanes belonging to two international airlines can manage to collide at a major airport, and at a time when aviation activity is at an all-time low and flights are more or less grounded? Is this perhaps a pointer to the quality of navigational aids at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), concerning which questions have been raised in the past? There are unconfirmed reports that some airlines have been doing brisk business carrying passengers under the pretext of flying cargo. Could this rather strange incident be connected to these rumours in any way? The incident itself falls within a pattern that seems to suggest a certain laxity on the part of authorities at the MMIA. For instance, in January this year, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) reported a bush fire incident around one of the airport’s landing safety areas. In July 2019, a 32-year-old Nigerien invaded the airport runway, jumping atop a Port Harcourt-bound Azman Air aircraft. While we are not accusing the airport management of anything, the conclusion is not unwarranted that the safety of passengers is not high on the list of its priorities. The management needs to clean up its act before it is too late.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency
President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi
The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight?
HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman
Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms
Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom?
After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume
The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense!
MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray
Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE