EXPORTERS in the non-oil sector including those of agricultural products have expressed concern on the rigorous requirements exporters are expected to fulfill before accessing international markets. In a communiqué issued at the end of its first virtual dialogue convened by the Department for International Development (DFID), Policy Development Facility (PDF) Bridge Programme, the exporters advocated that multiple charges and levies by government agencies be streamlined in line with international best practices, assuring that the commodities with huge prospects present an avenue to boost Nigeria’s foreign exchange earnings. The forum also observed that there is an urgent need to restructure Nigeria’s trade basket to reduce the dominance of crude oil. “With dwindling crude oil prices further exacerbated by the effects of COVID 19, the Nigerian economy which is largely reliant on the oil and gas sector is especially vulnerable. Government both at the federal and state levels must prioritise the development of the non-oil sector,” it said. The participants called on relevant government agencies and regulatory organisations to be deliberate about implementing policies that will enable the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) to grow in their capacity to engage in more export, given that the MSMEs constitute majority of the enterprises in the exportation of spices and herbs, textiles and garments, as well as leather products. It also stressed the importance of creating an enabling business environment to boost the level of productivity of MSMEs. “Implementation of enabling policies and provision of infrastructure which includes physical, human and process infrastructure came up as strategic imperatives for boosting local production. This will enable producers meet up with market demands both locally and internationally,” it said. The Chief Executive Officer of Tiger Foods, Mr. Don Ebubeogu, said although government through the Central Bank had introduced a number of policies to enable foreign trade like AGSMEIS loan and reduction of interest rate from 10 to 5 percent during this year among others, they still need to do more to encourage capacity utilisation and boost export trade. “The bulk of our non-oil export comes from agriculture. Apart from sesame seeds, hibiscus and a few other items, the bulk of our exportable items are also consumed in large quantities in Nigeria, thus putting pressure on export trade. We cannot maximize export when food security is threatened locally. Therefore, government should focus more to boost food production by providing direct technical intervention to the rural farmers. Intervention that will aid the farmers embrace good agricultural practice and also to reduce post-harvest losses. “We have thrown away a lot of money to farmers without getting the expected results.  This is time to throw in technical assistance and equipment without necessarily providing money to the rural farmers,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.