The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, on Monday, re-affirmed stance on the suspension of investigative and public hearings, as he said it will remain suspended until the House resumes formally in the penultimate week. The Speaker who stated this while responding to public outcry over the suspension of the investigation into the $33 bIllion loans obtained by Nigeria from Chinese authorities, after a meeting of All Progressives Congress (APC) convened by President Muhammadu Buhari at the State House, argued that the House has not breached any law or known convention by embarking on an annual recess while recalling that members were working during the recess until when it became imperative to suspend the public hearings. While dismissing the notion that the House totally shut down its activities during its six weeks annual recess, Hon. Gbajabiamila explained that the suspension of all ongoing pubic and investigative hearings for the three weeks remaining of the annual recess was to put in place more measures in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. He disclosed that the House’s oversight functions of government Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) are still ongoing. He said: “You can see that some members are actually on the road right now doing their work, that’s a different kind of oversight. “Members are actually out working and that hasn’t stopped, except for public and investigative hearings. “Now, because there’s COVID-19 and people are forced to adhere, it’s no excuse to continue to work the way we used to. “For the Civil Society talking about why the House is going on recess, well, we are always happy to look at advanced democracies, whether it’s Germany, United States, United Kingdom; we are always happy to compare the Nigerian Legislature to those places. ALSO READ: Maersk Line suspends peak season surcharge on Nigerian bound cargoes “As I speak to you, the United States Congress is on annual recess. You won’t hear of legislative hearing or any public hearing. “Just last week, the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the US Congress had to call her members back through a zoom conference because of the issue of US and the impending elections. But right now they are back in their constituencies. That is the way it is done the world over. “Secondly, back home in Nigeria, the judiciary is on its annual recess, but you will not say because there’s a corruption case, you will find one Court opening and sitting and hearing one corruption case. No, they have one or two Courts that are open for administrative purposes, but they are on recess. “And recess is only two to three weeks to go and then work continues as usual. “To take a clearer picture, we are only doing what is in keeping with all that has been done since I got to the House. “There might be one or two issues where there’s an exception. In fact, the first time ever when the House had to recall itself was some years ago, when Tambuwal was the Speaker. There was an oil crisis in the summer and we re-convened the House on a Sunday because of the urgency of that moment,” he noted. The Speaker who observed that the House has always conducted its responsibility with utmost dedication maintained that: “whatever form of democracy you practise around the world, there’s always an annual recess; we are not re-inventing anything. Recess has only one meaning: it’s either you are on recess or you are working. “I’ve been in the National Assembly, I’ve never known of a situation, and I’m yet to be proven wrong where, when on an annual summer recess, members are working, conducting public hearings, doing investigations. “I’m not talking about other recess, it’s a different thing when you close plenary and committees are still working, there’s a big difference. But in the summer, we go on an annual recess,” he said. Hon. Gbajabiamila, however, noted that the House was not insensitive to the realities of the coronavirus pandemic that disrupted activities globally, which was responsible for the continuation of legislative activities well into its annual recess.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…