The battle for the control of the Edo State House of Assembly took a melodramatic turn yesterday as a voodoo priestess and spiritual leader of Ekutetebite Negwogho group, Princess lnibokun lmasemwenbor stormed the complex to curse opponents of Governor Godwin Obaseki. Accompanied by fellow occultists, the priestesses said they represented the female members of traditional worship centres in the Benin Kingdom. Chanting incantations, Priestess lmasemwenbor who said she inherited her symbol of authority as an occultist from her grandfather, boasted that whatever she pronounced on anyone will come to past. She spoke at the Assembly gate in downtown Ring Road: “I was at home when I saw on television the crisis at the Edo Assembly. I heard that some people from other ethnic groups are trying to turn Benin upside down. We Benin people don’t like what they are doing. “APC is oppressing Obaseki. Why I am interested in the matter is that we did not have an access road to my community before Obaseki became governor. We used to spend so much to come to Benin. But now, we can travel in and out of our community. We don’t suffer from erosion anymore. “For that reason, I must support Obaseki for a second term. Whoever says he will turn the state upside down to rig the election, let the heads of our ancestors torment him. “Obaseki is a peacemaker, he gave us amenities of life and for that reason, I have to back him up with my strength.” Princess lmasemwenbor predicted that the governor who is presently running on the ticket of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) will be re-elected for another four years. She warned: “Nobody will grab it from him and whoever says he will turn the state upside down to subvert the wishes of the people, help us tell him that the head of our ancestors will torment the person. All the deities of the Benin kingdom will torment him or her.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office…Occultists curse Obaseki opponents PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase…Occultists curse Obaseki opponents SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday…Occultists curse Obaseki opponents Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.