The Ondo State government has announced the reopening of public and private secondary schools in the state. This was contained in a circular issued at the weekend through the ministry of Education, Science and Technology, which directed all secondary school to resume for exit students from 4th August 2020. The circular disclosed that the approval became necessary because of the students writing SSCE examination However, some conditions and measures were attached to the reopening of the schools in order to prevent the spread of the COVID-l9 pandemic among the students. According to the circular, some of the conditions to be satisfied by schools include “schools are to open From 8 am to 2 pm, Mondays to Fridays. “Disinfection and fumigation of all facilities must be carried out at least a week before resumption. ” Handwashing spots should be provided, to guarantee regular washing of hands by learners and teachers The circular reads further “sequel to the release of a comprehensive schedule for the conduct of the various National Examinations by the Federal Government after the series of meetings with the Chief Executives of examination bodies in the country, the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, Ondo State wishes to notify you about the approval to re-open all the public and private secondary schools in the State on 4th August 2020, for the students in SSS 3 class only for the purpose of writing the Senior School Certificate Examinations (WAEC and NECO).” ALSO READ: Amitabh Bachchan: Bollywood star recovers from COVID-19 According to the statement, WAEC SSCE will commence on the 17th August till 18th September. 2020 while NECO SSCE will start on the 5th October till 18th November 2020. To this end, the state government called on all the schools in the state to adhere strictly with the precautionary measures against COVID-19, while schools this period of temporary re-opening. The Chairman, Ondo State Inter-ministerial Committee on Coronavirus, Prof. Adesegun Fatusi who stated this in Akure said that any schools that failed to comply with the measures will be closed down, saying the resumption is meant to enable graduating students write their examinations. According to him, all Heads of schools must ensure that they strictly follow the public health measures against COVID-19 as already stated by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology in the circular to all schools. “As such, no school official, staff, student or any other person without a facemask should be allowed into the school compound, while masks must be worn properly and throughout all school activities. ” The temperature of all school-related personnel and students must be taken before being allowed into classes and anyone with high temperature or signs of sickness must be directed to seek prompt health care. He said all parents, teachers, students and school-related personnel must also remember that they are required to wear masks at all times whenever they are in the public and outside the school premises. He said schools must avoid activities that can lead to crowding such as the assemblies and observe adequate social distancing in classrooms and other school facilities; hand washing facilities must be provided and all staff and students must observe hand and respiratory hygiene. Fatusi, who wished all students success in their preparation and the examinations, maintained that enforcement teams shall be deployed to monitor compliance in schools.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story How To Use Facebook Messenger Rooms Facebook Messenger Rooms, Facebook’s video and audio conferencing feature is already being touted by many to replace the current leader in video conferencing, zoom. Is Facebook Messenger Rooms really viable… Read Full Story Facebook Messenger Rooms: A Viable Alternative To Zoom? After the launch of Facebook’s new video conferencing feature, Messenger Rooms, there have been talks of Facebook replacing zoom for small group… Read Full Story Next President Must Come From The South —Ndume The senator representing Borno South and chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, speaks about the 2023 presidential ticket of the governing All Progressives Congress and members of his party who may wish to vie for the country’s topmost job, the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the party in… Read Full Story Daura, Please Don’t Teach Me Nonsense! MAY Allah bless the deposed Emir of Gwandu, AlhajiMustapha Jokolo who was the ADC to General Muhammadu Buhari in his first coming as Nigeria’s military… Read Full Story The Prophet, The Promise And A Country In Disarray Napoleon Bonaparte, the French General, must have been deliberately cheeky when he counselled that the best way to keep one’s word is not to give it. Some organisations heed the advice and operate without a definite promise to their customers. But most forward-looking business outfits are quick to kick the… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE