The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) will start its school-based 2020 West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examinations (WASSCE) tomorrow, Monday. The examination, which was earlier scheduled for April but postponed till this time because of the Coronavirus pandemic will be held in all the states of the federation and the federal capital territory. A total of 1, 549,463 candidates, consisting of 786,421 males and 763,042 females from 19, 129 schools are expected to sit the exam nationwide. And the exercise, which will last five weeks covers 76 subjects from which each candidate is expected to write a maximum of eight or nine papers. The Head of National Office of WAEC, Nigeria, Mr Patrick Areghan, said everything as regards the preparation towards having a free-hitch exam across all the centres with no one left out nationwide, is in order. He told Tribune Online in an exclusive interview on Sunday that WAEC had fully prepared with all the logistics and personnel required for the exam and therefore also expected all other stakeholders involving in the exam not to fail in their respective responsibility. He said even though WAEC would not lower its standards for any reason, candidates should not expect questions outside the syllabus. He said he wants to see candidates performing well in the exam more so that they had much time to prepare for it. While advising schools, candidates and parents not to look for what he called ‘expo’ as there would be many ‘merchants’ of such already out there to deceive them of having leaked question papers ahead of schedules so as to rob them of their hard-earned money, he said aside from that WAEC would not give room for any of its questions’ papers to leak out, it would not also condone any form of malpractice from anybody or institution. He said WAEC does not only frown at malpractice but would not also spare any school or person including its staff who found to be indulged or attempted to, in any form of malpractice as regards its exam. “Once you are caught you will be served the consequences according to law,” he emphasised. Areghan, however, lamented that though, the cost of logistics for the conduct of the exam is now in multiple of the original budget due to the increased number of WAEC personnel and other functionaries to be on duty because of increased in classrooms to be used so as to prevent the spread of covid-19 infection, he believes the exercise would be hitch-free. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE STATE OF ECONOMY: How Nigeria Is Eating Its Future, Spent Over 90% Of Revenue On Debt Servicing INDICATION that Nigeria’s economy is still in the throes of death has continued to emerge with the current low revenue it is generating from oil sale and increasing demands on its foreign debt obligation especially. The parlous state of the economy is heightened by the revelation that most of the revenue…WAEC will take place FACT CHECK: Somalia President, Deputy DID NOT Fight In Viral VIDEO CLAIM: Somalia President, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo and his vice exchanged blows to the point of wrestling themselves to the ground. VERDICT: MISLEADING FULL STORY: Nigerian media space was abuzz on Saturday, August 15, 2020, with a viral video which claims to show President of Somalia, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo publicly exchanged blows with his vice…WAEC will take place NBS Says 21.76m Nigerians Unemployed In 2020 THE National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) has put the total number of unemployed Nigerians at 21,764,617. The figure is contained in the bureau’s Labor Force Statistics website entitled “Unemployment and Underemployment Report (Q2 2020) released in Abuja. It referred to the report as an Abridged Labour Force Survey under COVID-19 for August 2020. According to NBS, the unemployment rate during the period under review… Our Fears As 2020 WASSCE Beckons: SS3 Students Speak On Inability To Finish Syllabus, Other Issues After a long unexpected delay occasioned by the lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic, the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) will begin in 19,129 accredited centres nationwide on August 17. Some candidates hoping to write the examination spoke with IMOLEAYO OYEDEYI and ADEOLA OTEMADE on their fears and expectations…WAEC will take place SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE