The Independent National Electoral Commission has accused political parties of feigning ignorance over venues for their primaries ahead of the bye-elections into certain senatorial, federal constituencies and state assemblies. Festus Okoye, National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee of the Commission in a statement last night disclosed that 13 political parties who have signified interest to field candidates have settled for indirect primaries. The Commission, however, expressed disappointment that the political parties were yet to notify it of the venue of their primaries. It further noted that keeping INEC in the dark about the venue of its primaries was a violation of the Electoral Act. “It will be recalled that on 11th August 2020, the Commission released the Harmonized Timetable and Schedule of Activities affecting 12 outstanding bye-elections in 8 States of the Federation scheduled for 31st October 2020. “Out of the 18 registered political parties in Nigeria, 13 have notified the Commission of their intention to conduct primaries towards participating in the outstanding bye-elections. All the 13 political parties opted for indirect primaries. “However, it is observed from the notices to the Commission that some of the political parties did not specify the venues within the respective constituencies for the conduct of their primaries. The attention of political parties is hereby drawn to the provisions of Section 87(4)(c) of the Electoral Act, 2010 (as amended) which makes it mandatory for any party that intends to nominate a candidate to the Senate, House of Representatives and State House of Assembly to hold its congresses in the respective Senatorial District, Federal Constituency and the State Assembly Constituency.” Okoye further revealed that the Commission has since been notified of vacancies in Enugu and Katsina states by the Speakers in the respective state parliament. The statement further read in part: “The Speakers of Enugu and Katsina State Houses of Assembly have notified the Commission of the deaths of the members representing Isi-Uzo State Constituency of Enugu State and Bakori State Constituency of Katsina State and have declared vacancies for the said constituencies, bringing the total number of vacancies and bye-elections to be conducted to 14. “Accordingly, the Commission has released a Harmonized Timetable and Schedule of Activities for two constituencies. The Notice of Election shall be published on 26th August 2020 and political parties shall conduct their party primaries between 27th August and 8th September 2020. The harmonized Timetable and Schedule of Activities has been uploaded on the Commission’s website and social media platforms. “We urge political parties to strictly comply with the provisions of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended), the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended) and the Commission’s Regulations and Guidelines in the conduct of primaries and nomination of candidates.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his… My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports… Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the…  LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN