Chairman of Lagos State House of Assembly Service Commission, Chief Wale Mogaji has charged the newly-promoted Management and Senior Staff of the Commission to show exemplary leadership qualities in the discharge of their responsibilities. The Head, Public Affairs Unit, Omolola M. Alli-Balogun made this known in a statement issued to newsmen recently in Lagos. He enjoined the promoted officers, drawn from various departments of the Lagos State House of Assembly and the commission, to be more dedicated and to conduct themselves as true ambassadors of the state government wherever they are in order to justify their promotion to higher levels. Mogaji made the assertion while congratulating the 103 officers comprising 44 management staff and 59 senior staff who have already received their promotion letters; having emerged successful in the recent first virtual promotion exercise conducted by the commission in conjunction with Public Service Staff Development Centre (PSSDC). Describing the virtual structured training programme (promotion exercise) as successful, the chairman of the commission argued that the mode adopted was borne out of the commission’s desire to comply with the state’s directive on the need to rid the state of COVID-19 pandemic. He further stated that “it was an unanimous agreement by all commissions in the states to conduct a virtual promotion exercise in order to comply with the governor’s directive and the Federal Government’s guidelines on maintaining social distance.” To him, virtual assessment is not enough for individual appraisal but can be improved upon to meet up with international standards, stressing that the old method of assessing officers for promotion is more result-driven. “There is nothing wrong with virtual training but there must be a way to structure the time whereby individual contributions will be better assessed. The strength of individual participants may not be determined within a short period but can be improved upon and restructured in a way that participant can be assessed objectively.” According to him, “the old method was designed to effectively appraise leadership qualities, competence and comportment for a better critical assessment of each member of staff which can not be achieved via virtual assessment.” He, however, agreed that the virtual training programme has satisfied the purpose for which it was formulated, due to the emergence of the novel COVID – 19.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE