The Vice-Chancellor, Ebonyi State University (EBSU), Prof. Chigozie Ogbu, has debunked speculations in the state that he has resigned from office. While briefing newsmen in Abakaliki, Prof. Ogbu said he has no intention to resign his appointment “We all woke up to the news like you heard, that the Vice-Chancellor has resigned but that is absolutely false anyway, intended or unintended. The Vice-Chancellor has not, has no intention to resign for any reason,” he said. “Let me explain to you what has led to this; you recall that either in February or March, all educational institutions were closed, the university included and you know the major source of income in the university are the students and at the time of the closure, students were just registering. A good number had registered, a good number have not registered also. “So, because of the fee collected, we were able to continue to pay salary until the end of May and that time, we met with the staff, with the unions and everybody and explained to them because we don’t collect fees again, there is no other source of getting money to pay school fees. The state government subvents salaries. They’ve been paying their own subvention but internally because we don’t have money from students, the university cannot make up to join the portion of the salary. “It was from June, we stopped paying salary and that’s where we are. Now, when the council became aware of this, we set up a committee to see what can be done to raise fund for the university. “That committee worked with the union and other members of the academia and came up with the report which Thursday last week, was presented to the visitor to the university, the governor of the state, Engr David Nweze Umahi. “So, on Thursday, that presentation was done by the chairman of the council. In that meeting, it was obvious that the governor who had been saying that all institutions must make a sacrifice in terms of reducing their wage bill instructed that the university must go back and look at itself critically and see how they can sacrifice to reduce the salary. “You are aware that many institutions have reduced the salary, we should look at our sister institution here in Ikwo, you know they have been receiving 85% of their salary since last year. And so, they already thought that the university can make some sacrifice in terms of reducing their wage bill and then help in area they can. So, that’s what transpired. “For the past two (2) days, we’ve been working on our activities to see where we can reduce in order to be able to satisfy him and to enable him give us some assistance to continue to pay salary. “So, there is nothing that necessitated anybody to think that the VC is resigning or is not happy because this is a hard time for everybody, for the university and for other organisations and we all appreciate it and will do whatever we can to come out of it. “There is no resignation of anybody here in the university, let alone the VC,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians
BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence
Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide
TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader
THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN