Agricultural training aimed at equipping fish farmers on the most current aquacultural and agro-business techniques in fish production has been organised in Delta State. The training was flagged off at the Delta Agricultural and Rural Development Authority (DARDA), Ibusa, Oshimili North Local Government Area and at Effurun, Uvwie Local Government Area. According to the state commissioner for agriculture and natural resources, Hon Julius Egbedi who declared the ceremony open, the training became imperative, as the state had been unable to produce enough fish to meet local demand. “The annual fish demand of Delta State is approximately 87,000 metric tonnes but what we have with both artisanal and agriculture is approximately 58,000 metric tonnes. There is a shortfall of 29,000 metric tonnes. There is, therefore, the need to bridge the gap.” Hon. Egbedi disclosed that the training was part of the state government’s effort in ensuring food sufficiency and productivity, adding that the participants were selected from the 25 Local Government Areas. The Director of Fishery in the Ministry, Mrs Uju Osadebe stressed that fish farmers would work together in clusters and as a team so as to benefit from the programmes and policies of the state government. Mrs Osadebe disclosed that the state government intended to develop farmers’ skills through a mentor and mentee programme, where it could provide starter packs for 90 out of the 150 participants in this phase.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …