President Muhammadu Buhari has given kudos to the Sokoto State government and the Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar for their steadfast cooperation with the federal government in its efforts to rid the nation of all forms of insecurity. President Buhari gave the commendation Saturday when he witnessed the wedding Fatiha (solemnization) of the Sultan’s surrogate daughter- Zainab Fodio, at the latter’s palace in Sokoto. The President who was represented by the Attorney-General and Minister for Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) who led the Minister of Police Affairs, Muhammad Maigari Dingyadi and the Inspector General of Police, Muhammad Adamu to the wedding, the President said the duo of the state government under the administration of Gov. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal and the Sultan have been consistent in working closely with the federal government in its fight against armed banditry in the state and other forms of criminalities in other parts of the country. “Mr President has directed us to express gratitude to you for all the support you have overtime been extending to his government specifically on security matters and other associated social ills that have been bedevilling this country of ours,” Malami said. While conveying the felicitations of the President to the Sultan on the wedding, Malami further stated that President Buhari also appreciates the monarch’s contribution towards the attainment “of the desired peace in the country.” A statement signed by the special adviser on media and publicity to Sokoto State Governor, Muhammad Bello, said Sultan in his remarks, affirmed his “total support in seeing to the success of his (PMB) administration. And, we will continue to do our best to see that peace, stability and development reign in Nigeria.” While saluting the security agencies and the police for their roles in curbing insurgency in the state, the Sultan charged all Nigerians to be security ambassadors as it is an issue that affects all citizens and not only “those who wear uniforms.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state…Buhari lauds Sultan Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world…Buhari lauds Sultan The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them…Buhari lauds Sultan We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate…Buhari lauds Sultan Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption…Buhari lauds Sultan Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.