Rising music star, Mudiaga Williams, popularly known as British Mudi, has given music fans a new tune, ‘Nisola’, on which he featured Wande Coal as he appears to be on a music cruise with his latest single. The Delta-born singer who disclosed to R that he started his music career in church is one who fancies his chances in a competitive industry and recent music efforts from him suggest that it might not be long before he’s rated as one of the top stars. Before his latest single, Mudi had caught the attention of many with ‘Blessings’ with the song reportedly ruling airwaves and featuring on charts across the music space. R can gather that the recent release of the singer, ‘Nisola’, is already generating buzz on social media and doing rounds on music channels as Mudi’s talent seem to be catching the attention of more music enthusiasts. Many have also lauded the appearance of music veteran and hit maker, Wande Coal, on the song whose voice and experience appeared to complement Mudi’s skill. Speaking to R on the new tune which dropped on Friday, Mudi expressed his elation at the reception the song has got despite just being released recently and promised to continue to raise the bar higher for himself and fans who look forward to more from him.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …