ROTARY International has donated 15 sets of school desks to Ansar-ud-Deen College, Kaduna, to improve learning environment and make students comfortable during their studies, the district governor, District 9125 has said. Speaking during the presentation of the furniture at the Ansar-ud-Deen College, Rotarian Jumoke Bamgboye urged organisations and Nigerians to engage more in humanitarian activities so that the burden on government will be greatly lessened. “In Rotary, we have out areas of focus; literacy is one of them. I’m happy to be here to help present these desks to the college. We hope they would put them to the best use. We want to see the students being comfortable while having their studies. “There is so much to do but we have few hands. If we put our hands together, we would not continue to wait for government. We are beginning to put it in the minds of our people that we need to do more to assist our people. Rotary is not political; it’s not religious, but for humanitarian services to help the citizens.” Also speaking, president of Rotary Club of Kawo, Kaduna, Rotarian Folashade Mudijat Lawal, said the intervention was a result of a visit she took to the Ansar-ud-Deen College with a parent of one of the students. “I visited the school and discovered they needed the support, and that is what pushed me to see how we can intervene. We are planning to come back and donate computers and white boards as some classes are still using chalk board,” she noted. First vice chairman of Ansar-ud-Deen Society of Nigeria, Kaduna branch, Alhaji Sabur Adeyemi, expressed the society’s appreciation of the gesture from Rotary International. “We commend them for thinking of Ansar-ud-Deen to donate these sets of school desks. We had planned to request for more intervention, now that they have seen the need to help the school, we will look at other areas where we can seek their support,” he said. Former Rotary president of Kawo Kaduna, who doubles as second vice chairman of Ansar-ud-Deen Society of Nigeria, Kaduna branch, Alhaji Fasasi Akintunde, said there is the need for more people to join Rotary and buy into its projects so that the organisation can do more.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN