Former President, Dr Goodluck Jonathan at the weekend landed in Bamako, the Malian capital to continue with the troubleshooting initiative at the instance of the Economic Community of West African States to restore peace in the fractured country. Mali civilian president, Ibrahim Boubacar Keita was on Tuesday night ousted in a military coup led by Colonel Assimi Goita, and his National Committee for the Salvation of the People. President Keita had resigned and dissolved Parliament after the coup leaders detained him at gunpoint. Assurance by Colonel Goita and his team to restore civilian rule and peace was rebuffed by the African Union and ECOWAS. The latter suspended Mali from its institutions and closed its member states’ borders with it.  Dr Jonathan in a message via his Twitter handle tweeted that his mediation team would engage all stakeholders towards ensuring lasting peace. “We arrived in Bamako this afternoon to continue with the Ecowas_Cedeao mediation and peace talks towards resolving Mali’s protracted political crisis and restoring normalcy in this beautiful West African country. We will continue to engage Malian stakeholders as brothers and sisters until lasting peace is found.” We arrived in Bamako this afternoon to continue with the@ecowas_cedeao mediation & peace talks towards resolving Mali's political crisis & restoring normalcy in this beautiful West African country. We'Il continue to engage Malian stakeholders until lasting peace is found.– GEJ pic.twitter.com/w7jT8W7Tec — Goodluck E. Jonathan (@GEJonathan) August 22, 2020     YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… Jonathan arrives Bamako | Jonathan arrives Bamako LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN