The Senate Joint Committees on Finance and National Planning will next week begin legislative work on the 2021-2023 Medium Term Expenditure Framework(MTEF) and Fiscal Strategy Paper, preparatory to presentation of 2021 Appropriation Bill by President Mohammadu Buhari. Senator representing Lagos West senatorial district and Chairman Senate Committee on Finance, Solomon Adeola made the disclosure in a statement on Thursday. Nigerian Tribune findings revealed that the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan had in July mandated the Joint Committees of Finance and National Planning to work on the 2021-2023 Medium Term Expenditure Framework(MTEF) and Fiscal Strategy Paper, after receiving same from President Buhari. Senator Adeola in a statement made available to newsmen by his media aide, Kayode Odunaro said “the Joint Committees will begin to critically interrogate the document from Wednesday next week with a view of presenting recommendations for the Senate passage of the document.” The Joint Committees which have since sent invitations to Ministries, Departments and Agencies(MDAs) and Government Owned Enterprises(GOEs) said “there is need for thorough scrutiny of the MTEF/FSP document in view of the fluid dynamics of the world economy following the disruptive impact of COVID-19 pandemic and the vagaries of the international market for crude oil and its attendant effects on our sources of revenue. ALSO READ: Family holds private burial for Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General “There is need for all stake holders to come together to critically study the fundamentals of the “new normal” forced on the global economy by the COVID-19 pandemic. With the instability witnessed in the price of crude oil at the international market and the sluggish world economy with some nation falling into recession, there is need to assess our situation critically with a view of being realistic about our revenues sources for budgets going forward.” Senator Adeola further maintained that there was need to examine the rationale for pegging the price of crude oil at $40 per barrel and a projected crude oil production of 1.86 million barrels per day (mbpd). “We are kick starting the process on Wednesday with Government Owned Enterprises(GOEs) like NNPC, NCC, NPA, Custom Service, NIMASA, DPR and others followed by the Ministry of Finance and its agencies and subsequently all revenue generating agencies.” The statement appealed to all heads of MDAs to come fully prepared with rationales for their positions as he maintained that “the Joint Committee intends to present the report of the Joint Committee to the Senate immediately on resumption after recess to be in tandem with the achieved budget cycle of January- December of the 2020 Budget before the disruption of COVID-19.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Cries Out Over Fair Hearing, Lawyer Writes Salami Panel SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, has told the Ayo Salami-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry that his rights to a fair hearing are being violated. This is contained in a letter written by Magu’s lawyer, Mr Wahab Shittu, dated August 11, and addressed … FG To Deduct Money From States Over Double Taxation THE Federal Government is set to sanction states engaging in double taxation in the country, as the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has asked the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, to deduct money from the source from those states… Insecurity: NGF Calls For Investigation Into Obadiah Mailafia’s Allegation The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has called on security agencies to investigate the allegation by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, that “…one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in… FG Set To Pay N22.6 Billion Final Entitlement Of Ex-Airways Workers THE former workers of the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, may soon have cause to smile as indications have just emerged that efforts are on top gear to ensure the payment of the final batch of their benefits. Information flittered out early in the week of the ongoing move by the Federal Government to offset… UNILAG Council Appoints Omololu Soyombo As Acting VC With the removal of Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, the governing council has appointed Prof Omololu Soyombo as acting vice-chancellor. Registrar of UNILAG, Oladejo Azeez, in a statement also confirmed that Ogundipe was lawfully removed as vice-chancellor at an emergency meeting… Audit Query: NPA Recovers $89 Million, N2.404 Billion Outstanding Rental Debts Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA) on Wednesday disclosed that it has recovered whooping sums of $89 million and N2.404 billion outstanding debt owed by some corporate organisations. Managing Director, NPA, Hadiza Bala Usman disclosed this during the investigative hearing held at the instance of the House Committee on Public Accounts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE