Ahead of the September 19 governorship election in Edo State, the European Centre for Electoral Support (ECES) has advised youths not to allow themselves to be used by politicians to perpetrate violence. Speaking Saturday in Benin at a town hall on youths and non-violent participation in the election, the Senior Electoral Administration Expert of ECES, Dr. Isiaka Yahaya youth involvement in electoral violence and malpractices will not allow them to vote. At the event which was organized by ECES in collaboration with the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Yahaya said that the will of the people would be truncated during the election if the youth allowed themselves to be used by unscrupulous politicians. He said: “Youths should not allow selfish politicians to use you to perpetrate violence, when you see what may lead to violence, do not resort to self-defence but report to security agents for action.” He lamented that “youths are always the victims of election violence because they are the one that would be injured, killed and also arrested by the police.” He further urged the youth not to engage in vote-buying as well as helping politicians to buy votes because they are mortgaging their future. Dr Isiaka noted that ECES is supporting INEC to deliver, free fair and credible election and that it is not concern who wins the election but that the process must be free and people are able to cast their votes freely. On his part, INEC Representative, Mr Sunny Ezumah, Assitant Director, CSO INEC headquarters, Abuja, urged the youth not allow politicians to lure them to destruction during the election. He said the initiative was to sensitised the youth on the need to be actively involved in the electoral process in the state and not violence. Also speaking, Cynthia Mbamalu, the programme director of Yiaga Africa charged the electorate to come out en masse to vote as an election can only be rigged when there is voters apathy. She noted that the power to have a better country, free and fair election lies in the hands of the youth with their numbers.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN