THE Federal Government says it is committed to achieving inclusive and equitable quality education in the country. Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, Sonny Echono, spoke at a two-day workshop on cultural creativity for youth skills development organised by the Nigerian National Commission (NATCOM) for UNESCO (United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization) in Abuja. He said the current administration would provide every Nigerian child life-long learning opportunities to be able to innovate and think creatively in addressing societal challenges. Echono said one of the ways of achieving this is to create awareness onthe importance of enhancing entrepreneurial skills for young Nigerians in cultural creativity for sustainable development. According to him, in today’s highly competitive world, the success of economy of a nation depends increasingly on the ability to create and innovate. He said one of the approaches of the present administration towards achieving its agenda of Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) is skills acquisition and job creation for its teaming youth population. While lamenting the high level of unemployment in Nigeria, he said one of the ways to address the challenge is to encourage cultural creativities for youth skills development. He said: “Achieving inclusive and equitable quality education and life-long learning opportunities requires collective commitment to investing in culture and creativity. “Local learning, innovation and development processes are strengthened when new talents are nurtured. The youths can venture into different trades and make career out of these gifts. “Government’s agenda which aims at reducing poverty has also aided the implementation of arts and culture as a veritable means for creating jobs and sustainable development, especially for the youths, hence the establishment of cultural industries in the states. Secretary-General of NATCOM-UNESCO, Mr Olagunju Lateef, in his remark said white collar jobs are no longer the fashion of the day and that Nigeria should move in the direction of joining the modern global practice in creativity and self-reliance. Lateef said in line with UNESCO operational strategy on youths, 2014-2021 special focus would continue to be given to youths, particularly young creators and cultural professionals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK! YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN