The police on Tuesday docked a man who was described as a self-acclaimed Baale, Muftau Sefiu Olamiji and five other persons before Magistrate Abimbola Komolafe of a Lagos State Magistrate Court over charges bordering on alleged stealing, attempted murder and breach of the peace at Okegun Odofin community in Ibeju Lekki area of the state. The defendants were docked on a 10- count charge bordering on harassment and unlawful possession of firearms by Asp Ben Ekundayo, a police prosecutor. 49-year-old Olamiji 49 was docked alongside Ramon Babatunde Aladeseso (37), Kabiru Kaka (59), Kolawole Salami (38), Kunle Onadipe (43), Evans Kowei 33 and others now at large. They were alleged to have on July 2, 2020, at Okegun Odofin Community in Ibeju Lekki shot one Kazeem Issah on his right cheek, causing him grievous life-threatening injuries which could terminate his life. Asp Ekundayo alleged further that the defendants and others at large also did unlawfully enter into the palace of Baale of Okegun Odofin, Chief Ismaila Ogunkoya with the intent to commit a felony. ALSO READ: Edo/Ondo crisis: IPAC warns against postponement of elections “They unlawfully stole Air Conditioners, two chandelier light, one Airtel phone, office chairs, and ash worth of seven million, five hundred thousand (N7,500,00) with all stolen items totalling at ten million seven hundred and forth-eight thousand naira (N10,748,000,00).” The prosecutor further informed the court that the defendants also damaged vehicles and properties worth of 10, 000, 000, 00 belonging to residents while they were also alleged to have unlawfully used armed military men to harass residents of the community. According to the prosecutor, the offences committed by the defendants contravenes Sections, 411, 350, 230, 308, 287, 174, 168 of the Lagos State Criminal Laws of Nigeria, 2015 and Section 6 of the Criminal laws of Lagos State of Nigeria 2016. The defendants all pleaded not guilty to the ten count charges and Magistrate Komolafe following their not guilty plea, granted them bail in the sum of two hundred thousand naira (200,000,00) each with two sureties with the condition that the sureties must be blood relations. The court further ordered that the sureties must present their evidence of tax payment to the state government. The matter was subsequently adjourned till October 9, 2020, for mention.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.