Secondary Schools across Kwara State, on Wednesday, reopened in preparations for the West Africa Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) beginning from Aug 17. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent, who monitored the reopening of the schools in Ilorin, reports that only SS3 students resumed for classes to prepare for the external examination. Some of the schools visited complied with COVID-19 protocols through the provision of handwashing materials at the entrance. The students were sighted in classes receiving lectures with the use of face masks and physical distancing. Teachers in the schools visited were on the ground taking classes ahead of the examination. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NCDC confirms 457 new cases, total now 44,890 Mrs Grace Ayodeji, Vice-Principal Academic, Government Secondary School, Alore, said the school was fully prepared for resumption. The principal, Okelele Secondary School, Ilorin, Alhaji Zuaib Adebayo, said the authority has fumigated the school premises to curtail the spread of COVID-19. According to Adebayo, about 118 students registered for this year’s WASSCE, adding that out of the figure, 90 per cent has resumed. Also, Danmaigoro Idris, Chairman, Ilorin-East Local Government, Nigeria Union of Teachers, commended the state government for the measures put in place for students. Idris appealed to the government to provide nose masks, sanitiser and other items for the teachers. However, Mrs Afusat Akanke, Vice-Principal Academic, Banni Community Secondary School, Alore, called on parents to ensure that their children always put on nose masks at all times to prevent COVID-19 spread. The Principal Al-Adabiya Kamaliyah Senior Secondary School, Foma-babalaje, Abayawo, Ilorin, Mrs Belawu Umar, commended the state government on the palliative provided for the schools. Umar urged Gov AbdulRahman Abdulrasaq to assist in renovating the schools. NAN recalls that the state government had distributed 65,000 face masks to SS3 classes as part of efforts to prevent the transmission of COVID-19 in the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Kwara schools reopen Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.