Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Saturday paid a condolence visit to Florence Ajimobi, widow of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi in Ibadan where he said the former governor left an indelible legacy. Osibajo who was in the company of his wife, Dolapo and the Oyo State deputy governor, Engineer Rauf Olaniyan arrived at the residence of the late governor, Oluyole Industrial Estate at 4:21 pm. In his remarks, Osinbajo said Ajimobi’s demise was a great loss especially to the All Progressives Congress (APC), saying his legacy will always speak for him.  According to him, “Senator Abiola Ajimobi aside from the background, I regarded him as a very dear older brother. He was a major bridge builder in the party, APC. “His loss is a very significant one for our party. For us, it is a major loss and very unfortunate at a time we needed him especially because this is a time we need to build the party again and also a time for nation-building. He’s one of those who would have been so critical in doing this.  “But I think his memory and all that he achieved while on earth and the ideas that he propounded remain with us and that spirit of brotherhood will remain with us. “It’s a great loss but we thank God that he lived and did all that he did and he left incredible memories for us an indelible legacy,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.