Music act, Mr Dutch has released the anticipated visuals for his latest single, ‘Mamacita’, a song which has been praised for its addictive Afrobeat and Ampiano house fusion. Since its release, the track, which was produced by popular beat maker, Masterkraft, has been trending on Audiomack and has featured on Apple Music charts, among other global music platforms. Speaking with Tribune Online, the singer, born Bright Ukpabi, said the inspiration for Mamacita came about during a late-night recording session at Masterkraft’s studio. “There is an artwork in Masterkraft’s studio, of an African woman. We saw that artwork which brought about ‘Mamacita’ in my head. The artwork inspired the whole song. It’s a fantasy about strong African women who could come change life and bring some balance to it. “When you listen to the lyrics, you will understand the role Mamacita plays in the life of the Afro Cyborg. Mamacita is helping Afro Cyborg discover another part of himself which is that of strength. That’s the power of Mamacita,” Mr Dutch added. The singer who is the owner of his own record label, ‘Dutch Dreams Records’ further disclosed that Afro Cyborg is the fictional discovery of Mr Dutch and the title to his upcoming debut project. Speaking on the Aje-directed video, Mr Dutch said: “I want people to see themselves in a different form, I want people to understand that some parts of us are yet to be discovered and only with the right energy, the right vibe, right place and the right time will we be shown this super magnificent part of us.” Prior to ‘Mamacita’, Mr Dutch has multiple singles which include ‘Eno finish’ featuring Burna Boy, to his credit as the artiste appears intent on living up to fans’ expectations of him as a serial hitmaker.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…