The Federal Government, on Monday, showered encomium on the Kano State Government and its people over its contributions to job creation in Nigeria through the mining sector. Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Architect Olamilekan Adegbite, who made this known during his visit to Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje further described the state as a city of excellence, a centre of trade and commerce, especially in gold, where it was transformed into jewellery and artefacts of beauty and adornment. Architect Adegbite was in Kano alongside other ministry officials to formally launch “Kano Gold Durbar” at Ado Bayero Mall in the State Capital. He said empirical evidence has shown that Nigeria is blessed with abundant mineral resources, waiting for investors to come and do the exploration. ALSO READ: Instagram Reels, an attempt to lure users from TikTok? According to a statement signed by Theodore Agbagwa, the Chief Information Officer (CIO), on behalf of Director, Press and Public Relations of the ministry, the minister said the government was passionate of the diversification of the economy and creation of employment through mining and exploration of other mineral resources, other than oil and gas. Architect Adegbite said “Kano Gold Durbar” was a programme designed as private sector initiative by investment promotion to celebrate Kano being a city where the conventional business transaction in precious stones, especially, gold is being carried out. Responding, Governor Ganduje, whose message was delivered by his Deputy, Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna, said the state is going to be the gold hub of Nigeria, adding that the state is going to partner with the ministry, not only in Gold mining but in other mineral exploration activities meant to create about 250 million jobs for the teaming unemployed youths.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.