THE Sole Administrator, Ajaokuta Steel Company, Sumaila Abdul-Akaba has said that no organisation can succeed without adequate security of life and property. He, therefore, urged the staff of the industry to be security conscious at all times. Abdul-Akaba stated this at a two-day security seminar organised for the management, supervisory and security personnel of Ajaokuta Steel Company by Duniya Agencies Nig. Limited (management and security consultants) in collaboration with Lexinium Global Intellectual Consortium. The sole administrator noted that the seminar was to enlighten staff on the need to be security conscious to enable them to safeguard their lives and the property of the giant steel industry. “It is pertinent to note that security problem cannot be resolved in a day, but through this type of programme the staff will be acquainted with the basic knowledge of providing self-security to save and protect their lives,” he said. While urging the workers of the company to always apply the knowledge gained in their day-to-day activities in the company, the sole administrator assured that the management would not relent in its effort at ensuring that every form of security challenge that can disrupt activities in the company will be tackled. The Managing Director, Duniya Agencies, Alhaji Ahmed Adoke in his speech urged Nigerians to imbibe the spirit of self-policing in ensuring that the right things are done at all times. “In the face of security challenges like the type we are passing through of recent, it becomes our responsibility as individuals to use our discretion to stop those encouraging insecurity,” he said. In a paper presented by Mr Japa Muhammad Idris titled, “Security consciousness in Ajaokuta steel company: The task before stakeholders, the erudite academia,” he called government at all levels including stakeholders to bring on board strategies that will check general insecurity in the Ajaokuta area. He urged the staff and the host community to be vigilant and synergize on how to tackle the criminals in their midst. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE