The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB) has sealed off illegal drive-in cinemas in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Mrs Bola Athar, Director of Operations of the NFVCB, made the disclosure to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Abuja. A drive-in cinema or theatre is a cinema structure consisting of a large outdoor movie screen and a parking area where customers can view movies from the privacy and comfort of their cars. According to Athar, the illegal drive-in cinemas are operated by some showbiz promoters and recreational spots owners. “Through our intelligence-gathering efforts, we understand that films are being exhibited to the public for commercial purposes in these centres as drive-in cinemas. ALSO READ: Kogi gov commends Buhari’s commitment to actualisation of Ajaokuta Steel company “These recreational centres and their promoters are not licensed exhibitors and the venues they are using are not approved by the board for exhibition, which is a contravention of relevant sections of the NFVCB Act. “As the regulator of the motion picture industry, we have sealed off some drive-in cinemas in the FCT within this week, including the one at the Central Park, until the right thing is done,” she said. Athar explained that, for a film to be allowed for exhibition in Nigeria, it must be censored, classified and the exhibitor, as well as the premises for its exhibition, licensed. NAN reports that the NFVCB is a Federal Government body that regulates the films and video industry, and it is empowered by law to classify all films and videos whether imported or produced locally. It also registers all films and videos outlet across the country and keeps a record of all registered outlets, among other functions NAN reports that a drive-in cinema is now a growing trend in the entertainment industry globally, as traditional movie theatres remain closed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.