The African Centre for Human Advancement Social and Community Development (ACHASCOD) on Wednesday, called on President Muhammadu Buhari to practicalise the #NotTooYoungToRun bill. It said the essence of the #NotTooYoungToRun bill was to ensure youth Inclusion in governance in the country. In her International Youth day speech, Ms Marcelina Opeyemi Aderinto, Executive Director, ACHASCOD, said despite constituting over half the global population, young people are underrepresented in institutional political processes. “We appreciate the efforts of President Muhammadu Buhari in signing the #NotTooYoungToRun bill as this is a round peg in the round hole. However, we are saying that this should not just be on paper but also practicalize to ensure more youth involvements,” she said. According to her, inequalities and lack of political and social inclusion at all levels were major problems in most countries, adding that Nigeria which also happens to be the most populous black nation in the world is not excluded. “It is highly imperative to state unequivocally that many social vices and other menace experienced in Nigeria and the world at large, can be traced to the perceived exclusion of mostly youths who form the highest number of the world population. “Young people in particular, regularly state that their voices are not sufficiently taken into account, their needs are insufficiently understood and met, and that their engagement and empowerment in various processes are still lacking,” she noted. She further lamented that only around 2 per cent of national parliamentarians are under 30 years old, while the non-youths are highly over-represented within political space, thus relegating youth to the background and as well see them as tools to achieving political ambitions. To this end, she stressed the need for government and individuals to see the importance of youths as well as their influence and positive contribution which should not be jettisoned. On the theme of the 2020 international youth celebration, “Youth Engagement for Global Action”, she said this is an indication that youths form an integral part of any society and the world at large. However, she called for peace and peaceful co-existence among the people not minding their status, religion, ethnicity and political affiliation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years
THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever
This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE