Eighteen dead people were among the 433 ghost workers uncovered in Benue Teaching Service Board. The Executive Secretary of the board, Dr Frank Kyungun disclosed this on Tuesday while submitting the report of the screening committee. Dr Kyungun said that the figure was unconverted after verification of 4,473 staff across the three senatorial zones of the state. The Executive Secretary stated that 18 dead persons, 70 retired staff, 193 redeployed staff among other irregularities were found on the payroll of the board who were accordingly expunged. Kyungun identified challenges confronting the board to include lack of utility vehicles and overhead among others and solicited government’s intervention. Meanwhile, the State Governor, Samuel Ortom has constituted a committee to immediately implement the screening report on the actual workforce of the board. The committee, according to the governor is to be headed by Commissioner for Education, Professor Dennis Ityavyar. Ortom stated that those who had milked the board through ghost workers must be identified and prosecuted, even as he directed that the ghost names be immediately deleted from the payment voucher. The governor also charged the TSB boss to ensure that the names to be deleted do not find their way back on the payroll. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions…Dead people among ghost workers Dead people among ghost workers Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari…Dead people among  ghost workers Chinese Loans: $400m Project Abandoned After Completion THE National Public Security Communication System project for which Nigeria took a $399.5million from China and has paid $76.83million as part of the principal as well as $84.92million interest has been abandoned, Nigerian Tribune can authoritatively report…Dead people among  ghost workers Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.