The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) has dragged the Governor of Abia State, Okezie Ikpeazu to the Human Rights Commission, Abuja over unpaid 20 months salary of its members in Abia State Polytechnic. In a letter addressed to the Executive Secretary of the commission dated August 5th 2020, the union said all the teaching staff in the Polytechnic are owed salaries from July 2018 to October 2019; and from March 2020 till July 2020. The union said it has made several entreaties to the Institution’s Management, Governing Council and the Government of Abia State to pay the accrued salaries, without success. The letter which was signed by the National President of ASUP, Comrade Anderson Ezeibe said since the escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria in March 2020, the members have not received any salary and have been living in serious discomfort as no form of palliative has been extended to them. The union called on the commission to compel the state government and the management of the polytechnic to pay the workers so as not to allow the situation degenerate further as the members’ rights to adequate health care, shelter and food have equally been violated. The letter read in part: “We are compelled to bring to the attention of the Commission the refusal of the Abia State Government (Proprietor of the Institution), the Governing Council and Management of the Abia State Polytechnic, Aba to honour its contractual obligations to our members in the Institution for a cumulative period of 20 months. ALSO READ: Kwara records 18 new cases of COVID-19 “Our members in this Institution covering all teaching staff of the Polytechnic are owed salaries from July 2018 to October 2019, and from March 2020 till July 2020. This is despite several entreaties to the Institution’s Management, Governing Council and the Government of Abia State to pay the accrued salaries ”It is noteworthy to point out that since the escalation of the COVID -19 pandemic in Nigeria in March 2020, the members have not received any salary and have been living in serious discomfort as no form of palliative has been extended to them “Our union sees this development as a violation of the fundamental rights of our members in Abia State Polytechnic, Aba particularly as it affects their right to just and favourable conditions of work guaranteed by the Universal Declaration on Human Rights “This development also undermines our members’ rights to life and the dignity of the human person clearly captured in Chapter IV of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, and by extension has also adversely affected their dependents access to same rights “It is our view that this situation should not be allowed to degenerate further as our members’ rights to adequate health care, shelter and food have equally been violated by the activities of the Abia State Government of Nigeria, and Abia State Polytechnic, Aba “We, therefore, pray the intervention of the National Human Rights Commission in the direction of compelling the Abia State Government and the Abia State Polytechnic, Aba to release the 20 months owed salaries of our members, and to ensure forthwith the regular payment of salaries of these staff in line with the terms of their engagement”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE STATE OF ECONOMY: How Nigeria Is Eating Its Future, Spent Over 90% Of Revenue On Debt Servicing INDICATION that Nigeria’s economy is still in the throes of death has continued to emerge with the current low revenue it is generating from oil sale and increasing demands on its foreign debt obligation especially. The parlous state of the economy is heightened by the revelation that most of the revenue… FACT CHECK: Somalia President, Deputy DID NOT Fight In Viral VIDEO CLAIM: Somalia President, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo and his vice exchanged blows to the point of wrestling themselves to the ground. VERDICT: MISLEADING FULL STORY: Nigerian media space was abuzz on Saturday, August 15, 2020, with a viral video which claims to show President of Somalia, Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo publicly exchanged blows with his vice… NBS Says 21.76m Nigerians Unemployed In 2020 THE National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) has put the total number of unemployed Nigerians at 21,764,617. The figure is contained in the bureau’s Labor Force Statistics website entitled “Unemployment and Underemployment Report (Q2 2020) released in Abuja. It referred to the report as an Abridged Labour Force Survey under COVID-19 for August 2020. According to NBS, the unemployment rate during the period under review… Our Fears As 2020 WASSCE Beckons: SS3 Students Speak On Inability To Finish Syllabus, Other Issues After a long unexpected delay occasioned by the lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic, the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) will begin in 19,129 accredited centres nationwide on August 17. Some candidates hoping to write the examination spoke with IMOLEAYO OYEDEYI and ADEOLA OTEMADE on their fears and expectations… FG’s Renewed Tax Drive Will Do More Harm Than Good To Businesses —Muda Yusuf, DG, LCCI The Director-General, Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), Dr Muda Yusuf, speaks with AKIN ADEWAKUN on the state of the nation’s economy, the various efforts of the federal government to breathe life into it, and why the renewed aggressive tax drive it recently embarked upon might be an anathema to the growth of the industrial sector since it targets investors more than the consumers… SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE