It is a known fact that youths occupy the larger percentage of the total population in Nigeria and are regarded as the leaders of tomorrow and the future of this promising nation. The big question where are the youths that will re-write the wobbly history of the country and give it a well deserved future? Nigerian youths have witnessed different drama staged by people we entrusted and voted into power. Many footages of corruption had been shown in the media and different live shows on television channels have posed a signal indicating there is no hope in the country if power still hangs around greedy elders. Manypublic officers have come and gone, feigning illness, fainting and all sorts of drama to evade justice. Everyone witnessed the drama but because of incurable foolishness, we have not realised that there is no clear future under the two major political parties. Is it not foolishness for Nigerian youths to be launching attack and vituperations against each other because of politicians and political party affiliations? Why have we not realized that there is no hope in any political party irrespective of any candidate they present? It is appalling that we are in a tough year and what Nigerian youths are particular about is how their political godfathers would mount the presidential seat. Many platforms and forums have been created all in the name of these politicians. Why would Nigerian youths continue with the same system, same people, and ideologies and expect different results? Why are we so comfortable with piffle appointments? When will our foolishness be curable? As a matter of fact, 2023 is a time to rethink and arise from our slumber. Nigerian youths can only get it right when our foolishness gets vaccine. Till then, the tale of corruption, exploitation, extra-judicial killings, oppression and harassments will continue to be our topical issues on the pages of social media without solution. The solution to our problem is not in the media; it lies in the thumbs of Nigerian youths by taking action. Action speaks louder than words. Usman Issa, Kwara State  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his…  My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports…  Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN