The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, on Wednesday celebrated the International Youth Day with some Nigerian youths in his palace at Ile Ife, Osun. Ooni Ogunwusi, who played host to scores of Nigerian youths from all parts of the country under the aegis of the National Youth Council of Nigeria in Ile-Ife, suggested a replacement for Big Brother Naija Among other things, the Ooni criticised the prominent Big Brother Naija reality show, which he said has been misrepresenting the goodness and integrity of the Nigerian youths. The monarch described the youths as the country’s untapped immeasurable wealth and resources. The royal father, who stressed the need for participation of more youths in leadership, lamented that the youths have misplaced their priorities and must redress it as a matter of urgent public importance. “Nigerian youths are fond of accusing and abusing our leaders, stop abusing them contribute your own quota. Let’s wear our thinking caps and begin to act like the real future leaders that we are. “In the last general election, the total number of vote cast was around 27 million while over 170 million people voted during the 2019 Big Brother Naija reality show. “This is a practical reality of who Nigerian youths are and where our priorities lie as Nigerians. “The funny side in all of these is that we still go to bed, have a good sleep and wake up with the hope to meet a Nigeria we didn’t create. Nigerians Youths! Nigerians Youths!! Nigerians Youths!!! “Unfortunately, every time I talk about this kind of attitude, everyone just laugh and move on. What kind of nation are we building? “When people say this country, or what kind of country is this, they are indirectly saying these people – it is the people that make a country; so what kind of Nigerian youths are we?” Ooni asked. Speaking further, the monarch offered a suggestion for a reality show, which will project the country’s values, cultures and traditions. He urged leaders of the National Youth Council of Nigeria to work out plans on the show, which will be called, “The Big Nigeria Reality Show”. “The proposed show will be structured in a way that young professionals, talented individuals and others across several fields of endeavour will be showcased and helped to reach their peak. ALSO READ: International Youth Day: Obiano to engage more youths in skills acquisition “This would help the participants and also help viewers to have access to people that can be seen as role models,” Ooni added. Earlier in his address, the Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, who was represented by Dr Mariam Abdullahi, a Director in the Ministry, explained that the youths have major roles to play in the country’s development. According to him, the digital literacy and skills acquisition, entrepreneurship, employability and leadership initiative of the Ministry are ongoing and all geared towards the development of our youths. “As a government, we will keep ensuring that we equip our youths towards prosperity,” the minister assured. Representing Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun at the event, the state’s Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Mr Yemi Lawal, explained that the youths have a lot to learn from the elders towards reaching their goals. “As much as we youths are important, let us be humble enough to learn from our elders because they were once like us. Humility, persistence and patience is the key and we must be upright in our dealings,” he said. In his address, the President of the National Youth Council of Nigeria, Mr Sara-Igbe Sukubo, thanked the Ooni for what he described as an unthinkable warm reception for the youths. “Your Imperial Youthfulness as you told us to address you, we are indeed happy and proud to have you as a father and mentor. “We have heard your kind words of wisdom and I want to assure you on behalf of the teeming Nigerian youths that we will put them into action. “Fellow Nigerian youths, as we reflect on youth engagement for global action today, let us realize that a new era of opportunities and responsibilities is now upon us. “Today’s youths are now being called upon to rise as practical stakeholders in governance and development. Let us rise to this challenge,” Sukubo said. Meanwhile, the youths at the occasion announced Ooni Ogunwusi as the ”Royal Father of Nigerian Youths”, in recognition and appreciation of his immeasurable commitment towards youth development in the country. Similarly, the founder of Elizabeth Jack-Rich Aid Foundation, who is equally the matron of the National Youth Council of Nigeria, Mrs Elizabeth Jack-Rich was given an award for her role and stance as a mentor to the Nigerian youths. Mrs Jack-Rich had earlier expressed the readiness of her foundation to sponsor the reality show proposed by the Ooni. She admonished youths to ignore all forms of distraction and negative peer pressure on their way to success. NAN  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG After months of opposition to the implementation of the Integrated Payment and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is set to make an initial presentation of its own platform known as University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) to the Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE