The Bayelsa State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given automatic ticket to Ex-Governor Henry Dickson for the Bayelsa West Senatorial District election scheduled for October 31, 2020. The stakeholders and top political players of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from Bayelsa West decided not to pick the party’s nomination form for the Senatorial District out of respect for the former Governor. The State Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Solomon Agwanana, said that the people of the Senatorial District are unanimous in the position that Chief Dickson has the capacity, the pedigree and indeed the tested voice to provide the seriously needed effective representation at the Senate. Agwanana said that the people have implicit confidence in the capacity of the former Governor to exploit his vast experience and potentials in the interest of the Senatorial District, the State and the entire Ijaw Nation. While Bayelsa Central has five aspirants jostling for the PDP ticket, the West has only Chief Dickson whose ticket was procured for him by a coalition of stakeholders He stressed that Chief Dickson has a track record in the National Assembly as a former member of the House of Representatives aside from his sterling performance as the first ever two-term Governor òf Bayelsa State. ALSO READ: Edo guber: APC moves to disrupt speedy hearing of suit challenging Ize-Iyamu’s participation He reinstated that stakeholders of other Political parties in the Senatorial District should come on board to join the popular preference for Chief Dickson as the next Senator for Bayelsa West. Chief Agwanana said that the PDP and the people of the area are prepared to deliver Chief Dickson on October 31, 2020. On Monday, the State Governor, Senator Douye Diri, inaugurated the PDP Senatorial Campaign Council for Bayelsa West with political icon, Chief Fyneman Wilson as Chairman. Diri said Chief Dickson emerged as the choice of all stakeholders in reward for his sacrifices and service to his people. He said that the political leaders have opted to support him because he committed his all to the service of Bayelsa and his people. “I believe that the former Governor has served his heart out and for that reason everybody that matters in Bayelsa West politically has decided to say that this is where we will remain Come sun, come rain. “It is also a period of reflection in that the former Governor, our leader has done meticulously well to serve our state and to serve his senatorial district. “If he has not done well, all of these elders and leaders will not be gathering here to be inaugurated to be part of the team to send our former Governor to the National Assembly. “I commend the former Governor for the services he has rendered to Bayelsa and her people. And we are excited to see him launch his campaign to continue those services at the National Assembly.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN