The Minister of Power, Alhaji Saleh Mamman has promised to connect more electricity to communities that are yet to get electricity in the country. Mamman made the indication on Wednesday when he paid a visit to Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba State at Government House Jalingo. He said the power sector had grown tremendously under his watch hence the zeal to brief the governor. The Minister commended Governor Ishaku for the support and cooperation since he assumed office. He explained that he would continue to derive knowledge and experience from the governor who had held the same position in the past. ALSO READ: Gully erosion threatens residents of tambari estate, ATAP, Wuntin Dada areas He also commended the governor for initiating the Mambila Power Project, assuring that it would soon be commissioned. Alhaji Saleh Mamman also promised to execute the Mambila Hydropower project to the latter and promised to continue the partnership with the Taraba State government to succeed. In his remarks, Governor Darius Ishaku who described the ministry of power as a difficult sector commended the minister for improving power supply in the country. Ishaku also commended President Muhammadu Buhari for appointing a son of the soil of Taraba as minister of power during the crucial moment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.