Two Lebanese nationals who were found with the sum of $890,000 which they wanted to smuggle out of Nigeria through the Port Harcourt International Airport, Rivers State, were on Thursday jailed two years each for money laundering. The two men, Chamseddine Waell Mohammed and Dina Jihad Khali, were sentenced by Justice M.I. Sani of the Federal High Court, Port Harcourt after they pleaded guilty of the money laundering charges brought against them by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). According to the anti-graft commission, the offences committed by them ran contrary to Section 2 (3) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act 2011 (as amended) and punishable under Section 2 (5) of the same Act. The EFCC in a statement on Thursday said one of the charges against them is: “That you Chamseddine Waell Mohammed on the 1st August, 2020 at Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa, Port Harcourt, within the jurisdiction of this court did fail to make a declaration of the sum of $220,000. “The money was hidden in your luggage on board a chartered flight with registration number 9HVFF to Lebanon and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 2 (3) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act 2011 (as Amended) and punishable under section 2 (5) of the same Act.” The charge against the second convict read: “That you Dina Jihad Khali on the 1st August, 2020 at Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa, Port Harcourt within the jurisdiction of this court did fail to make a declaration to the Nigeria Custom Service as required by law cash transportation of the sum of $670,000. “The money was hidden in your Luggage on board a chartered flight with registration number 9HVFF to Lebanon and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 2 (3) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act 2011 (as Amended) and punishable under Section 2 (5) of the same Act.” According to the statement, while reviewing facts of the case, prosecuting counsel, Aso Larrys Peters tendered some documents, which included Letter of Invitation from Customs and statements of the defendants, as exhibits. “Principal Detective Superintendent Macaulay Olayinka while being led in evidence by prosecution counsel, told the court that the two convicts were arrested for attempting to smuggle a total sum of $890,000 out of Nigeria, through the Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa. He further disclosed that the money recovered from the suspects had been deposited with the Central Bank of Nigeria, Rivers State Branch, for safe keeping by the arresting agency. In view of the reviewed facts, the prosecution prayed the court to convict and sentence the defendants as charged. Justice Sani consequently convicted and sentenced the defendants to two years imprisonment. The undeclared amount was ordered forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN