The independent visitation panel set up by President Muhammadu Buhari to investigate all activities causing the crisis in the University of Lagos(UNILAG), Akoka, on Thursday, called on the university community and other stakeholders to submit their memoranda concerning the issues at stake, to the panel. The seven-man panel headed by Professor Tukur Sa’ad was inaugurated on Wednesday in Abuja by the Minister of Education, Mr Adamu Adamu, and mandated to, within two weeks, complete its assignment and submit findings and recommendations towards achieving sustainable peace and progress in UNILAG. At the moment, a new acting vice-chancellor, Prof Folasade Ogunsola, and a new chairman of the governing council, Mr John Momoh, have been appointed for the university to serve in acting capacity following the suspension of both Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe and Dr Wale Babalakin, who are formerly in the two offices respectively. The member and secretary to the panel, Mrs Grace Ekanem, a lawyer, who made the call in a statement on Thursday, said all stakeholders in and outside the university community with memoranda that could help the panel in its assignment should submit such on or before 2.00 pm, on Monday, August 31st. She said the memoranda which could cover whole or part of the terms of reference in contention should be addressed to the Secretary of the Special Visitation Panel and submitted in 10 hard copies and one soft copy in a sealed envelop, marked according to the terms of reference. She added that a collection box would be placed at the university’s council chamber for the purpose between 8.00 am and 2..00pm on Monday.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naira Heads To N500 To Dollar At Parallel Market FOLLOWING the directive by the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) to authorized dealers to only open Forms M (a  mandatory statutory document to be completed by all importers in Nigeria) for payments in favour of the ultimate supplier of the product or service, with immediate effect, signs have emerged that this will shrink extra source of dollar supply to the parallel market and push the exchange rate to N500/US$… How The Herbalist Planned My Escape ― Suspected Ibadan Serial Killer Suspected Ibadan serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who recently escaped from police custody before he was finally rearrested last Sunday, has narrated how the herbalist with whom he was arrested, Adedokun Yinusa, planned his escape. Shodipe (19), spoke with the Tribune Online shortly after he was paraded by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, at the police command, Eleyele, Ibadan, on Wednesday… Nigeria’s Q2 GDP Decline Better Than Forecast —Presidency THE Presidency has said that the 2nd Quarter (Q2) 2020 Gross domestic product (GDP) estimates, which measures economic growth, published by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published on Monday showed that the Nigerian economy performed better than expected… ‘Frequency Of S3xual Intercourse Has Nothing To Do With Enlarged Prostate’ Many men are not aware that with age, they stand a higher chance of developing difficulty urinating. In this interview by Sade Oguntola, a consultant urologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Dr Augustus Takure says prostate enlargement, whose symptoms could include difficulty in urination, is inevitable in all men…