BOTH the House Committee on Treaties, Protocols and Agreements and the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, on Monday, differed on the contract the amount for the rail project and the loan is taken by the Federal  Government. At the investigative hearing of the House of Representatives on Monday, the committee said it had uncovered over $33  billion commercial contracts signed by successive governments through the Federal Ministry of Transportation. Chairman of the committee,  Honourable Ossai Nicholas Ossai, speaking at the resumed investigative hearing on the review of bilateral loan agreements and commercial contracts agreements by ministries, departments and agencies  (MDAs), listed some of the projects queried by the committee as $11.1 billion Nigerian railway project signed on July 1,  2016; $340 million (the equivalent of N40 billion) for the supply of information satellite (NigComSat) launched in 2008; the unstated the amount for the supply of communications satellite 1-R; contract for the supply for clearing and installation, testing and commissioning of rural telephone project phase 1 between Federal Ministry of Communication and Huawei. Ossai also expressed concern over non-inclusion of contract agreements relating to the repayment of $8 billion accumulated debt portfolio based on principal amount and interest payable from now till at least in 19 years, based on  the maturity of the loan, as well as $326 million for the Nigeria parboiled rice processing project of the Federal Ministry  of Agriculture and Rural Development. The committee chairman, who said Nigeria has over 500 bilateral commercial contracts agreements and investments  treaties with different countries and institutions, said: “We have noticed from documents available to us that  commercial contracts process signed by Federal Ministry of Transport alone within this is over $33 billion without any  clear cut financing arrangements.” Disagreeing with the position of the committee, Amaechi, said: “If you say Ministry of Transport have a contract of $33  billion, we want to see it, because as the minister, the only contract awarded so far is $1.6 billion contract for Lagos- Ibadan rail which is under threat. “The implication of having a contract of $33 billion is that I will have a large number of workers. There’s no $33 billion  contract in the Ministry of Transport. “What we have is $1.6 billion contract awarded under President Muhammadu  Buhari and $800 million contract awarded by former President Goodluck Jonathan. “By the time we came, the contract awarded by Jonathan signed by [Olusegun] Aganga had been completed 80 per cent,  so we didn’t have to do the meeting of local content or no local content. “The only one that had to deal with the  issue of local content is the $1.6 billion contract that was awarded for Lagos to Ibadan for which the Chinese  government is providing $1.2 billion and we’re providing the remaining $400 million.” He promised to provide relevant documents on sublet contracts on the rail project contract implemented by the former  President Olusegun Obasanjo’s administration today. Amaechi insisted that because of the investigative hearing, the  country may lose the contract for Lagos – Calabar rail project with the Chinese government. In her response to questions on the status of all the loans obtained so far, the director-general, Debt Management Office (DMO), Ms Patience Oniha, said: “What we have at the DMO is the loan agreement. That is what we work on. We  submitted them earlier the first time you asked for the loan agreement.” She added that the Federal Ministry of Finance is responsible for the disbursement in line with the extant process for  the multilateral and bilateral loans, adding that “we only have what’s in the loan agreement.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN