THE Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, on Tuesday told security operatives to ensure the re-arrest of Sunday  Shodipe (Akinyele suspected ritual killer), the notorious suspect alleged to be involved in the series of murders in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state who escaped from police custody on Tuesday, August 11. The governor, who was represented by the Special Adviser on Security, Mr Fatai Owoseni (retd), at a Town Hall meeting held at Akinyele Local Government, said the re-arrest of the Akinyele suspected ritual killer, the alleged mastermind of at least six ritual killings must be made a top priority of security operatives. A statement by the chief press secretary to the governor, Mr Taiwo Adisa, indicated that Governor Makinde reiterated that his administration places a premium on the security of lives and properties in the state, urging residents of the area to remain calm and not take laws into their own hands. The governor, who maintained that he shared the pains of the people of Akinyele over the incessant killings in the local government, said the people must continue to cooperate with law enforcement officials to lawfully bring about an end to the menace in the area. He said: “All of us have followed the incidents in Akinyele; the arrest of the principal suspect in the case and, of course,  his escape from custody, after being arraigned in court. “We are here today in this Town Hall meeting and Governor Makinde has directed that we should let the people in the community know that as governor, he shares their pain; and  as people of Oyo State, we share in the pain; and what has happened is condemnable and unacceptable in all materials  particular “Be that as it may, the governor also wants us to dialogue with the people, with a view to ensuring that as  much as security challenges can affect economic development, so also are barbaric actions like taking laws into people’s  own hands.” The governor added that the police would need the cooperation of the people to be able to succeed in putting an end to the incessant killings and crime in the community and re-arrest of the  Akinyele suspected ritual killer.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN