A Chief Magistrates’ Court in Gwagwalada, FCT, on Wednesday, ordered that one Adeoye Olayemi, 38, who pleaded guilty to stealing a car, be remanded in the Gwagwalada police Area Command custody, pending sentencing. Olayemi who is from Kabba Odolu village, Kogi, pleaded guilty to one count of theft. Magistrate Yusuf Ibrahim adjourned the case until Sept. 2 for sentence. Earlier, the prosecution Counsel, Dabo Yakubu, told the court that the complainant, Emmanuel Jesse,  who resides opposite timber shade, Gwagwalada reported the case at the Gwagwalada police station on July 13. ALSO READ: Ocean Marine Solution Limited appoints media spokesperson Yakubu alleged that the defendant stole a Toyota Camry belonging to the complaint with registration No.RSH 896 HF where it was parked at the Gwagwalada market. He said that during police investigation the defendant confessed to the crime and five more cars were recovered from him. The prosecution said the offence contravened the provisions of  Section 287 of the Penal Code. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.