Tertiary institutions in the country have been charged to as a matter of necessity equip all engineering students with the practical skills needed to facilitate the nation’s quest for technological development, particularly to reshape the post-COVID-19 era. The charge was given by the President of the Nigerian Society of Engineers (ŃSE), Dr Babagana Muhammad while on a working visit to Gombe over the weekend. He noted that by their establishment, tertiary institutions were supposed to provide qualified manpower for industrial development in order to enhance the socio-economic development of the country. Babagana Muhammad said, “we understand that there is a mismatch between the academia and the industries. Ordinarily, it is the academia that is supposed to provide qualified manpower for the industries in order to fast-track the nation’s economic development.” He added: “Most at times, people criticise graduates for not performing well while the problem is not from the graduates but the institutions that have failed to identify the kind of skills to enable them to work in the industries. “What the graduate learned in the school may be different from what he met in the field. In school, he was taught the theoretical aspect while in the field he was given spanner to work.” He, however, advised that “institutions must look at the industries, train undergraduates based on the requirements needed for industrial development in consideration with technological advancement.” Babagana Muhammed then inspected some completed township and feeder roads in the state and commended Governor Inuwa Yahaya for completing some of the projects started by the previous administration as well as the ones initiated by his administration. Before rounding up his visit, the NSE President paid the traditional homage to the Emir of Gombe, Alh Abubakar Shehu Abubakar III during which he commended him for giving scholarship and sponsoring the less privileged to schools.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Plan To Destabilise Nigeria Is Real — SSS THE State Security Service (SSS), on Friday, insisted that there were plans by some unnamed notable personalities in the country to subvert the nation. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by its spokesperson, Dr Peter Afunanaya, the service pointed out that part of the orchestrations of the plotters was to engage in divisive acts as well as use inciting statements to pit one group against another in the country… More Heads To Roll In UNILAG •Babalakin, Ogundipe Trade Words, Resumption In Jeopardy MORE top officials of the embattled University of Lagos (UNILAG) are to be axed for alleged financial recklessness and mismanagement which consumed the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe on Wednesday, the Governing Council, disclosed on Friday… INEC Seeks Stakeholders Collaboration In Instituting Electoral Transparency The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has urged stakeholders in the electoral process to join the commission in deepening the use of technology and instituting a regime of transparency in electoral process. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, represented by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, made the call at a virtual… How Bandits, Terrorists, Other Criminals Get Their Weapons —Retired Col. Majoyeogbe, Ex-Commandant, Army Intelligence School Colonel Olanipekun Majoyeogbe retired from the Nigerian Army after holding various posts, including Commandant, Nigerian Army Intelligence School and Commandant, SSS Training School. In this interview by SUYI AYODELE, the graduate of English from the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife, speaks on various issues bordering on the Nigerian security situation… National Assembly Acting Clerk Advocates E-Parliament Acting Clerk to the National Assembly, Mr Olatunde Amos Ojo, has again restated his determination to transform the National Assembly “for better deliveries of constitutional responsibilities that is of international standard in lawmaking, representation and oversight…” BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE