As part of its responsibilities to develop young engineers and engineering trainees, the Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE), Oluyole branch, in collaboration with Automation and Engineering Academy Ibadan, donated training equipment to the First Technical University, Ibadan. The event took place in the main conference room of the university on August 13. In his remarks, chairman, NSE Oluyole branch, Abdulrasaq Jimoh, emphasised the fact that the NSE Oluyole branch is building on a memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed with the institution about three years ago. He added that the donation of the equipment was aimed at making the products of the institution thoroughbred and self-reliant, as the equipment will serve practical training purposes so as to achieve the desired objective. Responding, the vice-chancellor of the university, Professor Ayobami Salami, thanked NSE Oluyole branch, adding that the MoU signed with the professional body had proven to be unique from day one. He said the tertiary institution had benefitted immensely from the MoU in different ways, among which is the connection of the university to the national grid through the effort of the immediate past chairman of the branch, Ademola Agoro. He also expressed happiness that Tech-U came first in the last tertiary institutions’ competition organised by the NSE Oluyole branch, thanking the professional body for its continuous support and expressing confidence in the branch to always be its frontline partner. The VC, however, requested more adjunct staff from the professional body. To familiarise the donated equipment to the institution authority and subsequently to the students, Mr Enoch Ajani from Automation and Engineering Academy, later identified each of the items and its uses. On the entourage of the NSE Oluyole branch’s chairman, Abdulrasaq Jimoh, were Yomi Oyerinde, vice-chairman; Ganiyu Okunlola, general secretary; Dr Taiwo Oyedemi, chairman Engineering Research Development & Industrial Collaboration Committee of the branch. Also, on the team were Mrs Funmi Abioye, Mr Afolabi Kehinde, Mr Enoch Ajani and Mr Sola Arigbede, who all represented Automation and Engineering Academy, Podo, Ibadan.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN