A woman, Kodijat Abdulramon, has dragged her husband, Ahmed Abdulramon, before Ojo Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Kodijat in her suit claimed that her three-year-old marriage to her husband lacked trust, care and peace of mind. She, therefore, prayed the court to rule that they go their different ways and award her custody of their only child who had been in the custody of the defendant. Ahmed consented to divorce saying since that was what Kodijat wanted. Kodijat in her testimony explained that: “I fell in love with Ahmed when we met and we courted for seven years. “We were at the verge of getting married when, unknown to me, he had impregnated another woman. “It was those who saw the pictures of his wedding with his other wife on Facebook that called my attention to it. “I got pregnant a few months after this and we had our wedding which was a quiet ceremony held in my parents’ sitting room. “Ahmed neglected me throughout the time I was pregnant. He didn’t give me a dime for my ante-natal care. “His mother advised that I take herbs which I did for a while but later stopped. “It was my parents who supported me morally and financially for the nine months I carried the pregnancy. “Both my father and brother gave me an amount almost going to a million naira to get a shop and stock it with goods which I did. “I took ill as the pregnancy was advancing and couldn’t operate my business. My shop was under lock for months and the goods there got expired. “Ahmed refused that I come home after I had put to bed and discharged from the hospital. He asked us to move to my parents’ house but I refused. I insisted on going to his house which he found displeasing. “He ensured he frustrated me. He would sleep outside home for days and when he was around and I asked him for feeding allowance, he would refuse me. His complaint was always that of paucity of fund. “Ahmed would sometimes beat me blue black when I complain. “I got fed up one day and packed my belongings, but he insisted I must not take our child who was just a year and some few months old and still breastfeeding, along with me. “He put our child in his mother’s  care and refused me access to him, “she stated. Ahmed in his testimony stated that: “My lord, I didn’t know what came over kodijat on the day she packed her belongings and moved out of my house. I begged and persuaded her not to go, but she was resolute. “It’s true Kodijat and I courted for seven years but she and her father delayed our marriage. Her father insisted he would not give her to me in marriage until she was pregnant for me. Kodijat also agreed to this. “Kodijat unfortunately failed to conceive early. I went through some test at the hospital and the results certified me okay. “I encouraged her to go for relevant tests too but she refused. “All that while, I never stopped loving her. I encouraged her to get a shop so that she could establish herself in her business as a chemist. “She got the shop and we jointly paid for its rent. I paid half and she paid the remaining half. “Unfortunately, another lady got pregnant for me before Kodijat did. “I opened up to her on this but she still insisted on marrying me. According to her, she can’t sleep with any other man except me who deflowered her. “Kodijat later got pregnant. She and her rival met around this period and both became friends. Kodijat even paid her several visits when she put to bed. “I spent N30, 000 every month on Kodijat’s medical care but she decided on her own to have the baby in a trado-medical clinic. “Kodijat and I had our wedding, but the ceremony was a quiet one. “Our baby was sick after birth and I paid through the nose at the hospital. My father also gave us a meaningful amount for his care. “Kodijat started misbehaving when she learnt I wanted to marry and bring home her rival. “She moved out of the house on the morning of my marriage to my second wife. Her reason for this according to her was that she wanted peace of mind. It was her family members who came to pack her belongings. “She also moved her goods from the shop I rented for her and put it under lock. “My parents and I have made several attempts to see her parents but they kept rebuffing us,” he stated. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, dissolved their wedlock and awarded custody of their only child to the plaintiff. The defendant was asked to be responsible for his feeding, education and health care. According to Odunade, the defendant must give the plaintiff N5,000 every month for their child’s feeding.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international… Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and… Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff… Southern Kaduna Crisis: We Won’t Sweep Issues Under Carpet ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has assured that the Federal Government will not sweep the major issues underlying the conflict in Southern Kaduna under the carpet so as to effectively deal with the situation. Speaking, on Thursday, at the ongoing Nigeria Bar Association Annual General Conference during a Special Conversation, he identified the major issues to include “ensuring justice, fixing economic marginalisation and the… Details Emerge Of How Akinwumi Adesina Got 100% Votes For Second Term As AfDB President Dr Akinwumi Adesina was on Thursday unanimously endorsed by all the 81-member countries of African Development Bank (AfDB) for another term of five years as the 55th annual meetings of the bank ended in Cote d’Ivoire. A globally-renowned development economist and a World Food Prize Laureate and Sunhak Peace Prize Laureate, Dr Adesina has distinguished himself in driving a bold agenda to reform the Bank and accelerate …