The National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) has called off its strike which commenced earlier on Monday. The decision was contained in a communique jointly signed by the State Commissioner for Energy and Mineral Resources, Mr Olalere Odusote, and NUPENG Deputy National President, Mr Solomon O. Kilanko. The communiqué stated that both parties agreed, at a meeting held earlier on Monday at the Lagos State Secretariat, Alausa, Ikeja, adding that the state government would meet with heads of all security agencies to prevent further disturbance of vehicles conveying petroleum products. “The two sides agreed that the issue of ‘area boys’ will be addressed by the State. A dedicated phone number will be established within one week to enable petroleum product transporters to gain prompt access to security agencies,” the communiqué said. The communique, while assuring that the allegation of extra-ordinary levies charged by a particular local government would be investigated promptly, assured that “the state government will continue to relate with all road users in the planning and execution of road works in the state.” According to the communiqué, NUPENG also made a commitment that all tankers would not exceed the loading capacity of trucks as provided in the regulations and in compliance with the directives of the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR). Disclosing that the state would review the timing restriction on movement of petroleum tankers within the next one week, Odusote said recommendations would be put forward to the government on ways to ease access of petroleum tankers to tank farms. “Lagos State government will immediately set up a standing committee to relate with the Union on an ongoing basis to address any issues as they arise,” the communiqué added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos govt meets with NUPENG N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Lagos govt meets with NUPENG Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.