The Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare the II has called on political parties participating in the Edo State 2020 election to go about their campaigns peacefully. The Royal Majesty made the call when he received a delegation of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on a courtesy visit at his Palace in Benin on Saturday. The APC delegation, led by Yobe Governor, Mai Mala Buni, was in Benin for the official flag-off of the party’s campaign for its Edo 2020 Gubernatorial candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. The Oba said the Palace had not been happy with the recent happenings in the state. He called on everyone in the state to pray for a peaceful Edo election. “There is nothing as powerful as prayers. As you go about your campaign, go about it peacefully and without bitterness,” the monarch said. Oba Ewuare also reiterated that he remained non-partisan and had never supported any political candidate. He said: “We remain non-partisan because of the laid down rules of our ancestors; we must be fathers to all. “We see every candidate as our child and we pray for everybody. It is wiser to leave the fate of the election to God. “I am not against any candidate, I have never been for or against any candidate but when the people have chosen via the election, we will pray for him to succeed in office.’’ Speaking on behalf of the delegation, the Yobe governor and chairman, APC National Caretaker Committee, said the visit was to present the Edo 2020 APC governorship candidate to the royal majesty for his blessings. Buni was optimistic that APC would reclaim the state come September 19. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Industrial Unrest Looms In University System, NASU, SSANU Warn The varsity workers, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities and other Associated Institutions (NASU), said on Thursday that they would immediately commence a nationwide strike as soon as the university system reopens after the COVID-19 lockdown… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.