Alhaji Moruf Gbadamosi is the Chairman caretaker committee of Surulere South Local Government Area, Oko, Oyo State. In this interview, he speaks on the administration of Governor Seyi Makinde and the activities of his own administration in Surulere South LG Council. Excerpts:  Sir, you are almost eight months in office as the chairman of the caretaker committee of Surulere Local Council Development Authority and there are lots of ups and downs occasioned by the advent of COVID-19. How has it been in terms of delivering to the people of the council area? So far, God has used me and my caretaker committee members to effect some changes in the many communities in the council area. We have been able to grade over one hundred kilometres of roads linking the various communities, both rural and the farmsteads. In addition, our administration has commenced the sinking of boreholes across the nooks and crannies of the local government just as we are working to ensure proper security of life and property of the people as the chief security officer of the local government. We had also embarked upon the distribution of relief materials, worth millions of Naira to the people over the Covid-19 pandemic lockdown. We have also begun processes of creation of job opportunities for the youths and we have worked hard to make prompt payment of staff salary and allowance a norm. Beyond all these, we have given financial assistance to some farmers in order to boost food production in the local government, same with market men and women, artisans and students among others. Our administration has been on a continuous negotiation on how electricity would be stable in the local government with the relevant power distribution company so as to further boost the economy of the area, while also making concerted efforts to install more transformers for the stable electricity supply. Service to God and humanity has always been my priority.  COVID-19 is still a threat to the society. How are you managing the scourge in your area, especially when one considers that there was Eid-el-Kabir recently? How do you ensure that the people adhere to the precautionary measures against contracting the virus? Firstly, I want to congratulate all my fellow Muslim brothers and sisters on the Eid-el-Kabir festival. COVID-19 is still real and deadly and it is spreading and increasing everyday across the globe. Therefore, I want to strongly urge our people not to take it for granted or think that it has gone, they should maintain social distance as the World Health Organisation (WHO) and medical experts have warned. They should always make use of their face masks and use warm water to wash their hands always. They should also use hand sanitizer and abstain from careless hand-shakes, hugging and so on.  Governor Seyi Makinde is now more than a year old in office. For many people in the state, it has been a mix bag of achievements. How best would you score him in terms of performance? Without being immodest, Governor Abiodun Oluseyi Makinde is a performer per excellence and his achievements are there for all that are not biased to see. Some people might not want to acknowledge this, but prompt payment of workers’ salary and allowances is one major shift from the past. If this was so easy, why was the past administration owing backlog of salaries, allowances, pension and so on? Also, the administration of Governor Seyi Makinde has ensured the completion of the road projects across the state ones left behind by the past administration. The process of recruitment of more workers into various ministries and agencies, including the Teaching Service Commission is ongoing and the transparent process is being applauded by the people. In terms of security, he has laid a foundation for peaceful co-existence among the good people of Oyo State. To me, Governor Makinde can best be described as a workaholic Governor, very transparent in his style of administration, highly intelligent and he is a man with the possession of qualities of a good leader. We also know him to be a man of proven integrity and of unquestionable character, a philanthropist per excellence with a passion for the grassroots development. In the area of agriculture, as a believer in the diversification of the nation economy from oil, Governor Makinde assisted farmers financially while farm the revival of farm settlements are in the works. Mr. Governor also introduced free and compulsory education at the primary and secondary school level in the state. He has only spent one year in office and there are, already, many pointers to a better Oyo State.  The Oloko of Oko recently marked his third anniversary of his ascension to the throne of his forefathers. What is your relationship with him and how has this impacted the delivery of good governance to the people? Speaking in all honesty, I have enjoyed a cordial relationship with the traditional ruler. I would still have congratulated my royal father, the Oloko on the joyous epoch. So far his reign has brought about  lot of monumental achievements, progress and development into Oko land. While I pray that he will celebrate many more years on the throne of his forefathers in sound health, prosperity and happiness, I also want us to support our prayers with the mindset of supporting him to develop our community. All sons and daughters of Oko both at home and in the Diaspora are enjoined to come around and compliment the efforts of the government in the development of Oko, because we have no other home other than Oko land.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper… WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza. 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by … Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the… Boko Haram Now Recruiting Child Soldiers — MNJTF THE Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) says the Boko Haram terrorist group has introduced the use of child soldiers to resuscitate its declining influence in the Lake Chad Basin. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the Chief of Military Public Information for MNJTF, Colonel Timothy… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE