The Executive Governor of Adamawa State, Rt Hon Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri has flagged off the construction of two flyovers and township roads in Jimeta, the state capital. Ahmadu during the flag-off ceremony said his administration is focused on the people’s driving needs and taking the state to the next level of development. Speaking during the event, Fintiri said the projects were part of his campaign promises to the people of the state. The governor said that the projects valued at N8.8 billion would be implemented vigorously, as part of his administration’s urban renewal policy. “This event marks a milestone in our commitment towards fulfilling the promises made to Adamawa people during our campaigns. “ Apart from the aesthetics, the flyover projects will take care of the anticipated population and expansion in the city,” he said. Fintiri restated his administration’s commitment to the timely delivery of the projects, saying, “ We shall not concede to failure.” He said that the state government had also begun the construction of roads in Michika and Madagali towns as a way of fulfilling its promises to the people. “Plans are underway for the provision of roads and health infrastructure in Yola South, Numan, Fufore and other local government areas.” Also speaking, Alhaji Adamu Atiku, the state Works Commissioner, said the ministry would indulge in vigorous supervision to ensure that the projects were delivered according to schedule. He urged residents of the state to support the government by bearing the inconveniences in traffic flow that the project would cause. “I urge the public to support the project, we shall definitely endure some form of inconveniences as we implement these projects,” he said. Mr Elie Abu-Farhat, Managing Director, Messrs Triacta Nigeria Limited, assured that the firm would deliver within the stipulated period. The flyovers to be constructed at Total petrol station junction and the Police Roundabout within the time frame been specified. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… Gov Fintiri flags off N8.8bn flyover $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… Gov Fintiri flags off N8.8bn flyover MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Gov Fintiri flags off N8.8bn flyover Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfill his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he…Gov Fintiri flags off N8.8bn flyover Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE