The Western Naval Command (WNC) of the Nigerian Navy on Wednesday activated Operation Awkward exercise aimed at ensuring the safety of big naval ships in the harbour. The bi-annual exercise also known as the Harbour Defence Operations was held in a bid to ascertain the level of security of men and materials within its area of responsibility. Speaking during the exercise held in Lagos, Flag Officer, WNC, Rear Admiral Oladele Daji explained ghat the event was held to re-awaken certain naval evolutions so as to assess ships/establishments readiness to carry out emergency tasks at short notice as well as to check the state of ships, boats and other platforms under Command. The WNC Flag Officer who was represented by the Chief Staff Officer, WNC, Rear Admiral Tanko Yakubu Pani stated that “The Western Naval base is the premier and the biggest in the Nigerian Navy. “So most of our ships are here, and we must do everything possible to ensure the safety of the big ships in Harbour. This exercise is done on a regular basis to ensure that these ships are properly protected.” Speaking on Operation Calm waters II which is also currently ongoing, the Flag Officer said that, “As you are all aware, operation calm waters II code name Operation Okun Alaafia is also ongoing. ALSO READ: EFCC recovers another N130m ‘looted funds’ for Kwara “It’s currently on the 35th day and still counting, and the exercise has been a great success as a lot of thieves engaged in various illegalities were arrested. We are in the process of charging them to court for prosecution. So, this exercise is to compliment others that are ongoing.” He also noted that training of naval officer is a continuous process as thieves may advance in their act. “We will also modify our training to counter what they are doing. So it’s a continuous process. The tactics and techniques are not known to them. “Nigerian Navy is more than capable as our environments have not been having incidences of crime. Rather, the criminals have moved to the waters of our neighbouring countries because of the heat we are putting on them, he added.” Recall that the Nigerian Navy recently stated that it has deployed eight of its warships and two fighter jets to tackle cases of insecurity in the country’s territorial waters.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’
Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand
The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle
Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state.
The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding
THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year.
He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia
The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN