President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the composition of the Governing Council and appointment of Executive Secretary of the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities. Dr Hussaini Suleiman Kangiwa (North West) has been named as the chairman and James David Lalu (North Central), the executive secretary. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Monday said the president’s action is in line with the Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act 2019. According to the Act, the Commission shall be headed by a part-time chairman and six members who shall be persons with disabilities representing the geo-political zones of the federation subject to confirmation of the Senate for a four-year term of office in the first instance and may be reappointed for a second term of four years and no more. The statement informed that executive secretary, who shall be responsible to the Council for the implementation of the policies and administration of the daily affairs of the Commission, shall also be a person with disability with a five-year tenure in the first instance, and may be reappointed for a second term and no more. Members of the management of the commission include Oparaku Onyejelam Jaja (South East), Philomena Isioma Konwea (South-South), Omopariola Busuyi Oluwasola (South West), Amina Rahma Audu (North West), Mrs Esther Andrew Awu (North Central) and Abba Audu Ibrahim (North East).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost…