The governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, on Friday, signed bills to establish the state Commission on Fiscal Responsibility as well as a Council on Public Procurement. Also signed into law was the bill for the establishment of Debt Management Office and law to amend the Internal Revenue Administration Law of 2015. Governor Ortom said the laws on Fiscal Responsibility, Public Procurement and Debt Management Office would stipulate standards similar or higher than those advised by the United Nations in the management of public resources. The governor said that the transparent and accountable management of public resources had been a cardinal policy objective of his administration. He stated that written laws were needed to provide clear guidance for everyone to be fully advised on acceptable practices in public offices. The governor admonished those charged with the responsibility of implementing the laws to take the task seriously while also urging the public to cooperate with them in order to institutionalise a new culture of transparency and accountability in the management of public finances in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Increases Hate Speech Fine From N500,000 To N5m THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions… Ortom signs three bills Another Alleged N6.2bn Palliative Fraud Hits NDDC •Official Petitions Senate, Demands Dissolution Of IMC FEW weeks after the nation was treated to mindboggling revelations of misappropriation of N1.5 billion by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), the Federal Government intervention agency is in the news again over alleged embezzlement of N6.2 billion approved for palliative by President Muhammadu Buhari… Ortom signs three bills Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!, Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.