BORNO State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, at the weekend, made a shocking revelation that confirmed previously held fear that the Boko Haram terrorists have penetrated many communities in the North-East. Zulum, who was speaking with BBC Hausa Service, disclosed that the Boko Haram terrorists have penetrated the camps where the Internally Displaced Persons are being kept and are allegedly recruiting the helpless people for their sinister activities. “Yes, it is true Boko Haram are recruiting people into their fold. And this is frightening,” he told BBC. Zulum, who expressed his fear that the situation might worsen if the government failed to act quickly as many of the IDPs might end up becoming Boko haram recruits said urgent action needed to be taken. “My fear is about those at the IDPs camps. If they don’t go back to their villages to farm and do other things, they will end up becoming members of the Boko Haram,” he said. According to him, “the people are tired of staying at IDPs camps because they are not getting what they want. They must go back to their villages.  So that they can go to the farms, as well as continue with their livestock business.” He also spoke about the IDPs who have been successfully resettled in their villages and towns. “On the number of IDPs that have returned to their villages or towns,” he noted, “so far we have been able to return some people back to their areas. We have [resettled] those who are from kukawa and Mafa local governments”. The Borno governor said many of the IDPs like those from Kawuri, would soon be returned to their homes. “We will return some people to Kawuri,” he said. “We are praying that the security personnel will put in more efforts in ensuring  that the people of Baga and Marte are returned back to their areas.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…