The Ilaje communities in Warri South-West Local Government Area of Delta have appealed to the Federal Government to resume work on the Gas Revolution Industrial Park (GRIP) and other abandoned critical projects in the area. The appeal was contained in a statement signed by Mr Adekunle Robert, Chairman, Ilaje communities and made available to journalists on Sunday in Warri. Robert said that the projects would help to transform the area by way of creating jobs for the teeming unemployed youths in Delta and the country. “I want to appeal to the Federal Government to resume work on the abandoned multi-billion Dollars GRIP project. “The Deep Seaport and the Omadino/Escravos road projects all in Warri South-West Local Government Area to create jobs and transformed the area that have long been neglected,” he said. Robert also appealed to the Federal Government to give them a sense of belonging by creating an avenue for them to partake on issues relating to oil matters. According to him, this would go a long way to mitigate the hardship being experienced by the people. “We are particularly worried about our sons and daughters combing the streets of the country in search of jobs all to no avail. “We also lament the persistent neglect of qualified individuals from the Niger Delta region to participate in crucial oil matters,” he said. Robert, however, urged the Federal Government reciprocate sustainable peace in the area by way of developing the oil communities. “Our penchant for continuous calmness could be motivated by the Federal Government through conscious effort to revamp our oil-rich communities from the present state of deterioration,” Robert said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Social Investment Fund: Reps Summon Adeosun, Ahmed, Farouq, Others Over N1.7trn Allocation FORMER Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun and the incumbent Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, are expected to appear before the House of Representatives over N1.7 trillion appropriated for the implementation of National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from 2016 to September 2019. Also expected to appear is the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq; incumbent and former permanent secretaries, desk officers involved in the implementation of the programmes in both ministries as well as the National Social Investment Office… PTF Extends Phase Two Eased Lockdown By Four Weeks The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has extended the current phase two eased lockdown by another four weeks. The phase started on June 1, 2020. The extension followed the approval of recommendations made by the PTF to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Federal Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this at Thursday’s press briefing in Abuja. saying that there are however some amendments to the phase… SEE THE APPOINTMENT LETTER: Bauchi Governor Gets SA On Unmarried Women Affairs In a resolve to monitor and regulate the activities of single ladies in the state, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has appointed Balaraba Ibrahim as his Special Assistant (SA) on Unmarried Women Affairs. The appointment of the SA was contained in a letter signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mohammed Sabiu Baba copies of which was made available to journalists in Bauchi on Thursday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.