A section of the Jericho Specialist Hospital, Ibadan has been shut after COVID-19 test results of some health workers who were treating a case in the hospital came back positive. Following the return of positive results, the affected doctors and nurses have been sent on isolation. Speaking with Tribune Online, the Oyo State COVID-19 Incident Manager, Dr Taiwo Ladipo, said the affected section was shut to prevent a spread to other sections of the hospital. Asked about the probability of a spread to the sections of the hospital, Ladipo said other patients were not in contact with the affected positive cases. He added that the affected section would be disinfected. “We had a case we are treating in a section of the hospital and the case came back positive. Some of those who were treating the patient and had contact with the patient tested positive. “All of them have been kept in isolation and that is why that section of the hospital is shut down. Other patients are not in contact so the situation is under control. “A section of the hospital that was affected by the spread of the virus is the one closed. Also speaking on the development, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health, Mr Adebisi Popoola said the affected section was billed to be disinfected. “From my record, some of the health workers were infected with COVID-19. We have sent people to decontaminate the place and early tomorrow morning, it will be carried out,” Popoola said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Disowns Mamman Daura On Zoning Presidency President Muhammadu Buhari has distanced himself from the remarks attributed to his nephew, Mamman Daura, in which he opposed the application of rotational presidency in the… Read Full Story $500m China Loan: Controversial Clause Signed During Jonathan’s Administration ― Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that Nigeria has already paid back $96 million out of the $500 million loans the country borrowed from China for the construction… Read Full Story Can Buhari Separate Two Chickens In A Fight? HASSAN Ayariga, founder of the All Parties Congress (APC) of Ghana, in a recent viral video, publicly reminded Nigerians that their country had become a butt of jokes in international discourses. Right before our very eyes, Ayariga rudely poked his hands into our eyeballs. Nigerians are, however, taking the insult in… Read Full Story How I Lost Four Children, Wife To Flood Disaster —Businessman Mr Ebubedike Igboamara, a businessman lost four of his six children and one of his two wives in the flood that ravaged Ungwan Gwari community in Niger State penultimate Saturday. He and his other wife, Dr Peace Igboamara share their grief in this interview by… Read Full Story Why Sanwo-Olu Ordered Reopening Of Worship Centres August 7 Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday ordered reopening of worship centres, including mosques and churches in the state with effect from August 7, saying positive cases of COVID-19 pandemic… Read Full Story Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE