The management of Bua Group has donated three ambulances to the Delta State government as a support to the state’s effort at curtailing coronavirus. Presenting the gift to the state governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa, head of Corporate Communications of the company, Mr Otega Ogre, noted that Okowa’s administration had done a lot in the fight against COVID-19 adding that the ambulances were Bua Group’s contributions to assist the state in the fight against the global pandemic. Governor Okowa in his remark called for collective efforts to check the spread of COVID-19 in the state and the country stressing that defeating COVID-19 would not be an impossible task if all Nigerians obeyed set health protocols with commitment. “It is important that we work together to be able to beat the virus because there is nothing we can do if people continue to disobey the guidelines that have been put forth; if such continues, then all the battles we are fighting against the virus will just be a waste. “I want to appeal to Deltans and Nigerians in general that we should try to put on our face masks in public; it’s important and it will help us quite a lot in the fight against COVID-19. ALSO READ: ASUU set to present alternate salary payment platform to FG “You should also learn to wash your hands and make sure that as much as possible, you keep a safe distance from others. “The virus will continue to fight back if we do not do the right thing; but, when we are able to do the right thing, we are able to slow down the level of transmission and eventually we will be able to win in the battle. “I hope that Deltans will please, just strive to obey the rules and ensure that we all put our hands on deck to fight this battle together,” the governor said. He thanked the Chairman of Bua Group, Alhaji Abdulsamad Rabiu, for donating the ambulances to aid the state in the fight against COVID-19, saying “it is a privileged honour that the state has received from him’.’ “One very good thing that I must put on the note is that we did not make a request, and the gesture is how you know those who are philanthropic. “We did not make any request; he just called and said, as part of his assistance to various states, that he wants to make a donation to the state. “That is how you know people who genuinely, from their heart, want to be of assistance to the people, and I am very much aware that the Chairman of BUA Group has done quite a lot. “He is part of the private group leading CACOVID and they have done a lot in terms of providing palliatives, in terms of providing equipment, in terms of providing other logistics, and beyond what he has done in support of that group, he has also deemed it necessary to bring us three fully-kitted ambulances as a state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.