THE Nigeria Union of Agricultural and Allied Employees (NUAAE) has called on governors of the 36 states of the federation to invest more in agricultural sector in order to boost the nation’s economy. The group noted that the humogous security votes of the governors should be used to improve the agricultural sector and make it attractive for the youths so as to provide employment opportunities. Speaking with journalists in Ado-Ekiti,the Ekiti state capital, the National President of NUAAE, Comrade Simon Anchaver explained that more attention must be given to agriculture if the country is determined to build a strong and virile economy. Anchaver who spoke during the delegate congress of Ekiti Chapter of the union at the weekend said the current economic crisis being faced by the country was as a result of over dependence on oil at the expense of other rich sectors particularly agriculture. All the executive members were returned unopposed for the second term in office. The executive members are, Ayodeji Ojo (chairman), Fesogbade Samson (Vice chairman) Michael Olaotan(Treasurer) and Ayodele Adedayo (Women Coordinator). Others are,  Awi Lucas(Trustee) Omotayo Kolapo (Welfare Officer) Adu Olasunkanmi (Auditor) Aribisala Sunday (Ex-Officio 1) and Fafure Fadekemi (Ex-Officio 2) In his acceptance speech, the chairman Comrade Ayodeji Ojo promised to consolidate on his past achievement while he urged government to employ more agricultural professionals to boost the economy. Represented by the National Trustee of the union, Tunde Ogundana, Anchaver expressed concern over the refusal of some state governments to implement the N30,000 new minimum wage. He urged  government at all levels to waive or reduce taxes on agricultural implement and equipment  to make agriculture attractive to youths. Also, Chairman of Nigeria labour Congress NLC, Ekiti State chapter, Mr Kolapo Joshua charged those in Agricultural sector to propose more ideas to government on how to develop the agricultural sector and harness its benefits for economic development. In his acceptance speech, the chairman Comrade Ayodeji Ojo promised to consolidate on his past achievement while he urged government to employ more agricultural professionals to boost the economy.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 1,126 Killed, 380 Abducted In 7 Northern States —Amnesty Int’l The GLOBAL watchdog, Amnesty International, on Sunday, claimed at least 1,126 rural dwellers in seven northern states of Kaduna, Katsina, Niger, Plateau, Sokoto, Taraba and Zamfara, have lost their lives to rampaging insecurity in the zone since the beginning of the year. In a statement highlighting its recent findings, about 380 villagers were also reportedly abducted for ransom within the months under review, with victims’ relatives… MONDAY LINES: El-Rufai Goes To Law School I have this Igbo friend whom I call Omo Oduduwa. He speaks the Yoruba language with a competence that claps for whoever his teacher is – and he flaunts it. Every expression that shoots out of his trunk is rooted in wisdom. He once told me in Yoruba that his enemy was ill but he was the one taking medicine for the illness (ó re òtá mi sùgbón èmi ni mo nl’ògun). That statement I remembered when I read Professor Ishaq Akintola of… Water Resources Bill: Lawmaker Says It Is Dead On Arrival FEDERAL lawmakers are again smarting for a showdown with their leadership and the presidency once they resume from their annual vacation. The mutual ethnic suspicion in the polity will again reverberate in the consideration of the controversial National Water Resources Bill 2020, Nigerian Tribune investigation revealed. The bill which was shut down in the eighth National Assembly under the leadership of Senator Bukola Saraki… LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Route To Iconic Leadership The transformation of leaders into icons has much to do with what they don’t do rather than what they do. While it is fashionable for leaders to say ‘yes’ to a number of things, it is only those who make it a habit to say ‘no’ to many things that become icons. According to Warren Buffet, the investment guru, “The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost…