The Lagos State government said it has intensified the periodic fumigation/decontamination of all public secondary schools, in preparation for the planned partial resumption of terminal class students. The Permanent Secretary, Office of Environmental Services, Mrs Aderonke Odeneye said, in a statement, on Saturday, that majority of the public secondary schools in the six educational districts had been reached. Odeneye said that the exercise was part of the resumption protocol/guidelines for the secondary schools in the state. She said that Lagos had continued to adopt measures to ensure that the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic was effectively contained. ”The fumigation exercise which is on-going, preparatory to resumption next week for terminal classes will continue after the West Africa Examination Council’s (WAEC) Exams. ”The periodic exercise which commenced in late June has been effected in all the model colleges,” Odeneye said. The permanent secretary urged schools’ management to make provisions for water in the premises with a view to promoting handwashing among the students. She said that pupils must avoid all sporting activities until further notice. Odeneye also implored schools’ managements to provide alcohol-based hand sanitisers in all classrooms and hostels. She urged that schools should ensure that students were tutored on the need to constantly sanitise their hands after every educational activity in the classrooms and wear nose masks always. ”Schools are to enforce physical distancing where applicable and also provide facilities to reduce the risk of the infection amongst teachers and students. ”Disinfection of shoes and feet should be strongly encouraged for each student to reduce bacterial infection,” Odeneye said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu Attacks Salami Panel •Accuses Panel Of Using Looters Against Him SUSPENDED acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has accused the presidential panel probing the activities of the anti-graft commission under his leadership of being hostile to him anytime he attempts to take up issue with those testifying against him…Read Full Story Nigeria Records New 462 COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 43,151 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 462 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. The 462 new cases have brought the nation’s confirmed cases of COVID-19 infection to 43,151… Read Full Story No Inch Of Yoruba Land Will Be Ceded To FG’s Creditors —Afenifere THE pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Friday declared that no inch of Yoruba land will be ceded to creditors of the Federal Government should there be reasons for its creditors to make such demands… Read Full Story Naira Marley Has Delivered On His Promise Of N1m To Me —Actor, Jude Chukwuka For actor, emcee and orator, Jude Ogomegbulem Chukwuka, he is a connector between the old and younger generations. Fame smiled on him recently as he became the talk of the town and everyone wanted to know more about his personality. In this chat with FEMI OGUNTAYO, the Delta-Igbo man, who is in his late… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE