Fast Life Record Label boss, Aikhuanyi Moses Osatufoh, popularly known as Moziano Movenchy, has hinted at big surprises coming from his stable before the end of the year. According to the 28-year-old music stakeholder, his label has “big dreams to deliver quality songs that would hit not only in Nigeria or Africa but worldwide.” Movenchy said: “The label is determined to continually abide by global best practice in music production. Presently, we are fine-tuning plans to sign on more artistes and music producers that will make our dreams come true.” He said that the label has concluded plans of recording the works of his artiste, ODG and music producers Chymmz and Webeat, following the success ODG’s music videos, entitled: ‘Bad Girl’ and ‘Alcohol’. The graduate of Public Administration at Auchi Polytechnic, founded Fast Life Records, his first company, in 2018 as part of his effort advance music distribution and talent management. While commenting on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the entertainment industry globally, the record label boss observed, saying, “A time like this underscores the need for artistes to communicate and stay connected to their audience and fans by all means. To do that requires that they learn to think out of the box. And so far, we have seen some innovations in the way artistes globally stayed connected with fans online using the available media.” The native of Esan South-East Local Government of Edo State further advised creative people to worry less about the coronavirus and instead focus more on finding innovative channels of engaging their fans and followers. “Nigerian musicians needs to be more active and more creative now than ever before. They need to create a trend around something that brings fans together. “People are stuck indoors and everyone is worried and scared, but artistes can do a lot to ignite their spirits.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Economy Shrank By 6.10% In Q2 2020 — NBS
NIGERIA’S Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in real terms declined by -6.10 per cent (year-on-year) in Q2 2020, thereby ending the three-year trend of low but positive real growth rates recorded since the 2016/17 recession. This is according to the second quarter (Q2) GDP report, released by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. When compared with Q2 2019, which recorded a growth of 2.12 per cent, the Q2 2020 growth… Mailafia Sues Police, Shuns Invitation
FORMER deputy director, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has taken the Nigeria Police before the  Plateau State High Court, asking the court to restrain the police from inviting him to appear before the Deputy Inspector-General (DIG) Force Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, Abuja. After two consecutive invitations and interrogation by the Department of State Services (DSS) over his…  My Four Weeks Battle With COVID-19 —Segun Awolowo
While many people still express the belief that COVID-19 is just hype, the executive director of the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Segun Awolowo, while narrating his four weeks battle with the virus, has called on people to take the virus seriously, be conscious of the infection and follow laid down preventive measures, adding that fear is the real killer for infected people. Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare reports…  Mali Junta Wants 3-Year Military Rule, Agrees To Free President
THE junta that seized power in Mali wants a military-led transitional body to rule for three years and has agreed to release ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, a source in a visiting West African delegation said Sunday. “The junta has affirmed that it wants a three-year transition to review the foundations of the Malian state. This transition will be directed by a body led by a soldier, who will also be head of state,” a source in the…