Getting married is regarded as one of the most important decisions one has to make in this part of the world and when it gets to a certain age, pressure starts rolling in from either family members or friends directly or indirectly to whoever is in question. This has, however, been the case for every unmarried person in Nigeria and probably in Africa, irrespective of their financial status or societal class. Some Nigerian actresses have never been married also and according to some of them, they might never get married. Some of them have, however, been involved in several relationships or the other in the past which everyone thought could lead to marriage but as time passed on, they have remained unmarried. Here are four Nigerian celebrities who are single at age 40 and above.  Genevieve Nnaji (41 years) Born on May 3rd 1979, Genevieve Nnaji is a Nigerian actress, producer, and director. She won the Africa Movie Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role in 2005, making her the first actor to win the award. Her directorial debut movie, Lionheart, is also the first Netflix Original from Nigeria, and first Nigerian submission for the Oscars, even though the movie was disqualified for having most of its dialogue in English. The 41-year-old mother-of-one is a girl-and-women activist who advocates for Nigerian girls to be able to have a say in who they choose to marry. She is against early marriages for the girl child. According to her, her type of feminism is one who has the right to make her own choices and do whatever she feels like. She was linked with several high profile relationships in the past, especially the most talked about relationship with singer, Dbanj, before they reportedly ended things in 2011. In a recent interview, she was quoted to have said the demand of marriage and the fear of divorce have primarily deterred her from getting married.  Eniola Badmus (42 years) Nigerian Actress, Eniola Badmus popularly known as ‘Gbogbo Biz Girl’, was born on September 7, 1978 in Lagos Nigeria. She came into limelight in 2008 after she featured in Funke Akindele’s Jenifa. The busty actress is single and is one of the Nigerian celebrities who prefer to keep their relationship status private.  Rita Dominic (45 years) Nollywood actress, Rita Dominic was born 12 July 1975. She won the Africa Movie Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role in 2012 and has since been one of the most celebrated actresses in the Nigerian movie industry. The beautiful actress, who is single, also in a recent interview by TVC explained that she almost got married but it never worked out for her. She was, however, in a highly rumored relationship with a colleague and actor, Jim Iyke but their relationship never ended in marriage.  Bimbo Akintola (50 years) Bimbo Akintola has been in the movie industry for a very long time and has played remarkable roles in all those years. The beautiful actress came into limelight when she featured in the film ‘Owo Blow’ in 1995 alongside Femi Adebayo and followed up with ‘Out of Bounds’ in 1997 with Richard Mofe Damijo (RMD). She was nominated for Best Actress in a Leading role at the 2013 Nollywood Movies Awards. The actress, who in a report said she was not looking for a husband is also single.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG Spends N1.57trn On Debt Servicing, N1.61trn On Personnel, Pension
THE Federal Government on Thursday disclosed that it had expended N1.57 trillion on debt servicing and N1.61 trillion on personnel and pensions in the current year.  The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, made the statement on debt servicing and others expenses during the presentation of the  2021-2023 Medium-term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal  Strategy Paper… WhatsApp Business: An App Grossly Underused
WhatsApp Business is an app designed for small businesses to easily stay in touch with their customers and reach out to potential customers. It provides vital business tools that allow you to create a business profile, create a catalog, and do many other things… Gunmen Kill Bauchi Assembly Member, Abduct Two Wives, One-Year-Old Child
Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the gruesome killing of A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Dass constituency, Musa Mante Baraza. 818 Million Children Worldwide Risk Contracting COVID-19 — UNICEF
THE United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says 818 million children worldwide are at risk of getting infected with COVID-19 and other infectious illnesses. UNICEF’s Associate Director, Data and Analytics Division, Planning and Monitoring, Mr Mark Hereward, made this known in a statement on Thursday and obtained by … Stop Denying Us Weapons To Fight Terrorism, FG Tells World Powers
THE Federal Government has appealed to the world powers not to be weighed by unsubstantiated arguments to deny  Nigeria vital platforms and weapons to fight terrorism. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal on Thursday when he featured on the… Boko Haram Now Recruiting Child Soldiers — MNJTF
THE Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) says the Boko Haram terrorist group has introduced the use of child soldiers to resuscitate its declining influence in the Lake Chad Basin. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the Chief of Military Public Information for MNJTF, Colonel Timothy… BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE