The Federal Government has sealed an Ibadan-based factory, Expand Global Manufacturing Limited, where a 21-year-old student, Richard Gbadebo, died on July 28. The factory located in Oluyole area of the city was sealed on Wednesday by officials of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the deceased, who was a worker in the factory, was also a 300-level student of the University of Ibadan. The deceased was reported to have slipped into a soap making machine and died during production. Mr Femi Fatoki, the Federal Controller of Labour in Oyo State, said the factory was sealed based on findings from a preliminary investigation. ALSO READ: Troops raid pirates, militants camp, kill 6 in Bayelsa “Immediately we got knowledge of the accident, we came for a report. We came here and we could not do more. “But despite that, we were able to put up a preliminary investigation and it was based on the preliminary investigation that we ordered the sealing up of the factory. “And this order is in conformity with Section 38 of the Nigeria Factory Act. ” It has been identified as a dangerous workplace and the record said we should seal it up,” he said. Dr Adaora Obu, a staff of the labour ministry, said the preliminary investigation was inconclusive, adding that investigation was still ongoing. She said that some contraventions had been identified and these had been communicated to the company’s manager in writing. “We are still investigating, looking into the autopsy report and all that. So, when we finish with the investigation, I am sure there would be a statement,” she said. NAN  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… MONDAY LINES: ‘Mamman Daura Seeks Competence’ Leader of the ‘unseen’ persons ruling us, Alhaji Mamman Daura, spoke last week. He said enough of turn-by-turn presidency for Nigeria. He decreed that North-South rotation of the presidency of Nigeria should be dead; from 2023, the most competent among contenders would be put in the Presidential Villa… Pastor Olukoya, Awolowo And Eternal Life There is a viral audio online in which the General Overseer of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Pastor Daniel Olukoya, suggested that Papa, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, “did not fulfil his destiny” of becoming the president of Nigeria because he “never surrendered his life to Jesus till he… Order Buhari To Publish Details Of Govt Loans Since 2015, SERAP Tasks Court THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja to order President Muhammadu Buhari to “publish details of loans that have been obtained by the government since May 29, 2015, including the interest rate, the total amount of debts so far incurred by this… NDIC To Revoke Licences Of 37 Weak Microfinance Banks THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), is set to revoke licences of 37 microfinance banks (MFBs), due to their inability to meet necessary regulatory conditions… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.