Chief Timipre Sylva, the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, said the Federal Government had approved the establishment of Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), oil and gas logistic Centre in Akwa Ibom. Sylva gave the hints at a Gala night organised by the Akwa Ibom Government in honour of a delegation of Stakeholders in the oil and gas industry retreat in Uyo on Saturday. He said the FG would partner the State Government to build a base and the base would be the first in Akwa Ibom. He urged the governor to set up a team to work with the NNPC in drawing up modalities for the collaboration. “I have the full support of NNPC to announce to you that we are very interested in partner you to build a base here. It will be the first here. “It has also approved the immediate establishment of an oil and gas logistics facility in the state,” Sylva said. He noted that the visit was a response to Gov. Udom Emmanuel’s efforts in maintaining peace and security in the state. “Few concerns were raised on the choice of Akwa Ibom for our retreat, but politics was not part of the consideration. “As we go back, work will start in earnest. Mr President has already helped by signing a free trade zone status for that area. “We went all the way to Ibaka, a very interesting and painstaking journey. Some people in my team were excited because it was a rare experience using the boats,” the Minister said. ALSO READ: Lagos begins construction of 1km drainage at Ikorodu Fish Farm Estate He said that the Federal Government again commended the governor for his efforts at maintaining peace and security in Akwa Ibom. Sylva also announced approval for a partnership deal for the establishment of a petroleum depot by Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation. On the 21 Storey Smart Building being executed by the Governor, he said the NNPC was already considering taking some aspects of the corporation for accommodation in the building. He explained that President Buhari does not play politics with development, hence his initiatives in Akwa Ibom, despite being a PDP state, and urged for more support to him. “We request that you cooperate with the President so that the weight of governance on him would be lighter,” Sylva explained. Earlier, Gov. Emmanuel expressed appreciation for the planned NNPC oil and gas logistics centre for the state. Emmanuel proposed that the groundbreaking be done in Sept. to mark the state’s 33rd anniversary. He commended the delegation for the stress in going all the way to assess the site at Ibaka. He also disclosed that President Buhari approved a 50,000 hectares oil and gas free trade zone in Akwa Ibom. Emmanuel urged the minister to partner the state for the 540 megawatts Qua Iboe Power Plant project. He further used the occasion to urge the relocation of multinational oil giants, ExxonMobil to its host state. He added that his administration had built a lot including building a 21 storey intelligence building named “Dakkada Towers” and housing estates which could effectively serve the company and its workers. “I want the Honourable Minister to make just a statement and ExxonMobil will be here. They are not safer where they are than in Akwa Ibom. Akwa Ibom is peaceful. “We are ready to support the relocation. ExxonMobil is a very difficult corporate citizen but the Minister can give them a directive to come here. “They process over 15 billion barrel from our shores and that alone should propel them. “They don’t have such excellent production anywhere else in the world,” Emmanuel said. He also expressed his readiness to provide support ranging from land and electricity for an NNPC depot in the state. Emmanuel faulted the NBS statistics of unemployment for the state and announced that a car assembly and manufacturing plant and other projects gearing up in the state would generate massive employment opportunities for the state. NAN  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…