NATIONAL Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has warned that unless President  Muhammadu Buhari acts quickly, the recent meeting between the former national chairman of the All Progressives  Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, and the president’s chief of staff, Professor Ibrahim Gambari has the capacity to truncate democracy in the country. A video of the two men in the Presidential Villa, Abuja where Oshiomhole is heard talking about “arrests,” surfaced recently, alarming the main opposition party. In a press conference at the national secretariat of the PDP in Abuja on  Thursday, Prince Uche Secondus urged President Buhari to call both men to order as he believes that they have a plan to clamp down on PDP stakeholders in Edo State. Secondus said: “PDP has watched with utmost concern the developing situation in Edo State. We have watched the growing desperation of the APC and the presidency to capture Edo State in the September 19 gubernatorial election at all cost. “We are deeply saddened that under the watch of an elected president who is a huge beneficiary of democracy, the nation’s highest seat of power is being used for the hatching of plans to undermine democracy. “The PDP is, therefore,  calling on the National Assembly to call for the tape of the video and examine thoroughly its content with a view to acting appropriately. “The constitution and the Electoral Act is clear on this type of blatant undermining of democracy by clamping down on the opposition. “It’s very unfortunate that the numerous problems overwhelming the nation are not disturbing the  resident and his party, but they are engaged in planning how to blackmail and arrest the opposition.” According to Secondus, “The leaked video which has been confirmed by the Presidency says it all; the plan to arrest and keep  away all opposition leaders and clear the way for the rigging machinery of APC to roll through.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK! YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN