I am a 30-year old Civil Servant. My problem is that I usually itch after taking my bath. I have tried all types of medications (herbal and pills) to no avail. Somebody said that it could be a problem from my blood. Kindly help me to know what else I can do. Adeline (by SMS)  Itching after bath is usually due to dry skin. The bath water can strip away the skin’s natural oils, causing dryness and itching. Treatment may not always be as simple as applying a lotion or a moisturizer. Sometimes, dry, sensitive skin needs additional care to alleviate the irritation and dryness that causes the itch. Dry skin lacks moisture and may feel tight or itchy, especially after a bath. Cleansers, soap, and water can remove the skin’s natural oils that keep it supple and prevent dryness. The best way to prevent itchy skin after bath is to apply moisturizer immediately after toweling off. It is also important to avoid products that contain fragrance, menthol, and alcohol, as these can cause further dryness, irritation, and itching. People who notice itching after taking a bath may find relief by avoiding very hot water and very long showers. They should use cooler water for shorter periods of time to avoid stripping the skin of its natural protective oils. They should also avoid having their bath more than once per day.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors…