The Nigerian Army is to establish a special camp around the troubled areas with insecurity in Niger State. The State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello disclosed this when he went on an assessment tour of the Special Army Super Camp 4 in Faskari, Katsina State in conjunction with his Kaduna State counterpart, Malam Nasir Ahmed El-Rufai. The duo was received by the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Yusuf Buratai. The Special Army Camp 4, which is an Army operation, code-named “Sahel Sanity” was recently established to deal with security issues in the North-Western states and Niger state in the North-Central region. Governor Sani Bello said that forests in Niger State share boundaries with North-Western states and as a result, have suffered a similar fate, hence the need for such special camp.  He is optimistic that will bring an end to the security challenges in the region. “I am also made to understand that more camps are coming up, one in Niger state which I believe will go a long way towards addressing these challenges,” he said. The governor assured that with such camps in place, the environment will be secure and safe for the inhabitants, thereby making life and farming activities return to normal as those most affected are rural dwellers. Following the brief they received on the successes recorded by the Super Camp 4, Governor Bello said this has boosted the confidence of the people in the areas as reflected in the agricultural activities going on in the areas. Both governors commended President Muhammadu Buhari for setting up the special camps. They also applauded the efforts of the chief of army staff, officers and men of the Nigerian Army for their resilience in bringing succour to the local communities. The governors, however, reaffirmed their belief that the military will win over the criminal elements. The governors also condoled with the Army and families of those who lost their lives in the fight to restore safety in the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG directs civil servants on levels 12, 13 to resume The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 to return to work immediately. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HoSCF), Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020, where she similarly directed those on essential duties to resume full duties. Since the initial lockdown measures over the COVID-19 pandemic, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above had been allowed to work… UPDATE: Why Boko Haram recruit more members ― North-East governors Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies have met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja, with the state chief executives disclosing that insurgents are able to recruit more followers because of lack of access to farmlands… Deregistration of political parties: INEC approaches Supreme Court The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) last night gave an indication that it would approach the apex court to set aside the judgment of the appeal court which overruled it on the delisting of political parties. The electoral umpire had delisted 77 political parties after the 2019 general elections. It premised its action on the failure of the parties to win a single seat in the last elections… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE