Chairman, Board of Trustees (BoT) of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Walid Jibril has urged his party to accept defeat in the Nasarawa State bye-election which held on Saturday. Senator Jibril in a statement he personally signed said the election was without violence and expressed the will of the people, urging the party members not to become relative over the victory of the opponent APC in the elections. According to him: “May I advise all parties to follow the example of Nasarawa bye-election extremely. Even though APC defeated us we should never fight with anyone.” Jibril who commended the security agencies for restricting themselves to their assignment said other elections should follow the same pattern where only the people are allowed to make their choices of political leaders. He said the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) should be allowed to conduct elections in line with their mandate without any interference of any vested interest. “May I also praise the efforts of all security agencies. I did not see any soldier on sight. At this juncture may I advise that all elections in the local, state and national to be conducted by INEC,” Jibril said. The PDP BoT Chairman maintained that the bye-election should be improved upon to make the 2023 general elections better. He said apparently, the organisers of the election adhered strictly to the counsel by the chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission during its stakeholders meeting in Nasarawa State earlier. He said the conduct of the Nasarawa State bye-election on Saturday was impressive and deserves commendation. His words: “At an interactive session with stakeholders I emphasized the need for free, fair and transparent election emphasizing that the bye-election should be a test case for the coming 2023 elections. “I also emphasized to the two political parties, PDP and APC involved in the bye-election to work in unity avoiding any infighting and any bad behaviour. We must cooperate with each other to ensure free and fair elections. “May I, therefore, congratulate INEC all of us for adhering to the advice of INEC Chairman. “I want to state therefore that the bye-election conducted last Saturday was conducted under good atmosphere obeying the rules and also following the rules and regulations of COVID-19. “During the last election, I did not witness any fight. The advice of the INEC National Chairman and my own as the PDP BoT Chairman were strictly followed,” he stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’? A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state… Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world… The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them… We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate… Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.