THE Federal Government has announced that its newly- unveiled reviewed Nigeria Broadcasting Code has provisions to increase the hate speech fine for people found culpable of hate speech from N500,000 to N5 million. This is as it said the amendment of the broadcasting code is boosting local content, among other provisions. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, who made the increased hate speech fine known in Lagos on Tuesday while unveiling the reviewed code, stated that the amendment contains the anti-trust provision aimed at encouraging the growth of the local industry. The minister, who was speaking at the unveiling ceremony organised by the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC),  aid the anti-trust provision would boost local content and local industry due to laws prohibiting exclusive use of rights by broadcasters who intend to create monopolies and hold the entire market to themselves, as it will also encourage  open access to premium content. “I must explain that this provision is not new to Nigeria broadcasting. Exclusivity was disallowed at a certain time in the  history of our broadcasting. I recall Multichoice sub-licensing EPL matches to other local operators in Nigeria. I recall  HITV engaging several local operators on sub-licensing the EPL when they got the rights,” he said. According to him, the revised code contains the law prohibiting backlog of advertising debts in order to promote sustainability for the station owners and producers of content, as well as the law on the registration of web broadcasting,  which will grant the country the opportunity to regulate negative foreign broadcasts that can harm the nation. “The provisions on the responsibility of broadcast stations to devote airtime to national emergencies obviously mandates terrestrial and pay-TV channels to make their services available to Nigerians at time of national emergencies – like the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic – for their education and enlightenment,” the minister said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE $3.313bn Chinese Loans: Nigeria Pays $461m, Still Owes $3.12bn DESPITE paying the sum of $461.89million (about 13.4 per cent ) of the $3.313billion debt (Chinese loans) owed the Peoples Republic of China, the outstanding (Chinese loans) against Nigeria is still $3.12billion (about 94 per cent), a document from the Debt Management Office has revealed… $500m Loan: Review All Foreign Loan Agreements, PDD Tells NASS The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the National Assembly to begin a review of all agreements in foreign loans entered into by the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE