THE University of Abuja (UniAbuja) and CONTEC Global Agro Limited (CGAL) have concluded the process of signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on organic farming geared towards assisting the Federal and state governments boost Nigeria’s food security drive. Speaking on behalf of Dr. Benoy Berry, the chairman and founder of CGAL, the managing director of the company, Mr. Thomas Chackunkal, expressed optimism while conducting the vice chancellor of the University of Abuja, Professor Abdulrasheed Na’Allah, round the company’s world class tissue culture facilities and bio-organic fertilizer plant in Abuja. Professor Na’Allah lauded Dr. Benoy Berry for his pursuit of food security through organic farming production to meet Nigeria and Africa’s food security challenge. While underscoring the urgency for the collaboration through the MoU, he said the university is willing to offer its vast expanse of land and manpower for the mutual benefits of both organizations and Nigeria. Na’Allah said, “The template on this MoU between us is collaboration and ensuring to the letter that we will not only combine to do intensive research and training. We will also put in place the mechanism to get the organic farm produce to Nigerians, Africans and the world. “As a University, we must carry every stakeholder along and together like CONTEC, the Government, the Academia and the youths who are Nigeria’s future.” In his remark, Dr. Benoy Berry, while thanking the Vice Chancellor for the auspicious visit and tour of the company’s agro facilities said the massive investment in the sector no doubt will contribute helping Nigeria meet its overwhelming food demand and food security through deploying organic farming for safe and healthy crops for the country.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Shocks As Unemployment Data Exposes Misery Status Of Nigerians BEFORE now, economic and finance experts found it difficult to assess the healthy nature of the labour market and how to measure the impact of government policies targeted at creating jobs because of lack of real time labour data. But on Friday, August 14, 2020, the concerns were only slightly eased as the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) published second quarter (Q2):2020 labour statistics, the first report since Q3:2018… MONDAY LINES: Obasanjo’s (D)Art Of Condolence Ben Guriano of The Washington Post described them in 2018 as ‘taboo enforcers.’ These are trolls seeking to upend truth and subvert facts about the life and times of the dead. ‘Do not speak ill of the dead’ came originally from a Spartan philosopher, then it was latinated by the Romans to read De mortuis nihil nisi bonum – and got spread around the world like Chinese viruses. The black man, as in all cases, contracted the no-no and turned it into a religion, got drunk with it and won’t mind killing for it… 2.4 Million Households To Benefit From FG’s Stimulus Package — Presidential Aide TO ensure food security for citizens, at least 2.4 million households will benefit from the Federal Government’s post-COVID-19 stimulus package, a presidential aide says. Dr Andrew Kwasari, Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to the President on Agriculture, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Kwasari spoke against the backdrop of projects anchored by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Committee (NESC) to secure the economy against the effects of COVID-19… SERAP Demands Withdrawal Of Broadcasting Code Seeking To Sanction Contents ‘Insulting’ Leader THE Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has sent an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging him to “urgently instruct the Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, and the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to withdraw the apparently illegal broadcasting code and memo threatening to sanction any broadcast that denigrates, disrespects or insults the president, governors… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN