The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is to flag off its campaign for the Ondo state gubernatorial election on September 5. The election takes place on October 10, 2020. The Chairman of the Ondo State Guber Election National Campaign Council and Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, made the disclosure in a statement in Abuja on Saturday. He assured that the ceremony, which is scheduled to take place in Akure, as well as all other PDP events in the state, will be in total compliance with the NCDC guidelines on Covid-19. The campaign council was inaugurated at the national secretariat of the PDP in Abuja on Friday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CBN Pegs Exchange Rate At 386/$ Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has pegged naira exchange rate at 386 units to the United States dollar as it plans to resume weekly forex sales to Bureau de Change operators from August 31. In a circular signed by O.S. Nnaji, director of trade and exchange department, the apex bank said its decision to resume FX sales to BDCs is to enhance accessibility to forex “particularly to travellers” since the resumption date for international…PDP flags off Ondo Council Of State Pardons Ex-Gov Ambrose Alli, Three Others The Council of State has ratified the presidential pardon extended to late former Bendel State Governor, Prof. Ambrose Alli and three others. The meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday also ratified the pardon granted to Col Moses Effiong, Major E.J Olarenwaju and…PDP flags off Ondo PDP flags off Ondo Blasphemy: I Will Not Hesitate To Sign Death Warrant If Yahya Sharif Fails To Appeal, Says Ganduje Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has said he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant passed on Kano-based singer, Yahya Aminu Sharif if he fails to appeal the judgment. This was just as governor Ganduje said the state government has accepted the judgement passed on Sharif and is ready to abide by it. However, the Nigerian constitution gives the right of appeal to Shariff…PDP flags off Ondo PDP flags off Ondo