Former Emir of Kano, His Royal Highness, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II has said Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna state was the first person to show up whenever he was in need of friends and the whole world knows. The former Emir who made this known when he paid a courtesy call on the governor at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House on Sunday, explained that he had decided that el-Rufai will be the first person he will visit when he steps out of Lagos. Sanusi II said that he was in the Government House Kaduna, to thank Governor El-Rufai for his friendship, his service to the state and the country at large. The former monarch also expressed appreciation on his appointment as Chancellor of the Kaduna State University (KASU) and Vice-Chairman of the Kaduna Invest Promotion Agency (KADIPA). According to him, Kaduna had already overtaken other states in as the leading destination for investments, so “whatever we do, will be simply supporting work that has already been done, and results that are already showing”. The former Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) assured el-Rufai that he will continue to put in his best to support the governor’s efforts to develop the state and also make his contribution to the Kaduna State University. “I am always ready to offer advice and counsel and to receive the same. As you know, I will be going to Oxford in October for a year, following your footsteps to publish a few books,’’ he said. The ex-Emir also thanked the people of Kaduna for the warm reception that they extended to him. “I was overwhelmed by the reception that I received. I did not expect the crowd that I got. “The people of Kaduna walked from the Air Force base to Government House and they are still there waiting to escort me to my residence, and I am looking forward to a fruitful seven days in Kaduna, meeting friends and relatives, and also meeting officials (of Kaduna Investment Promotion Agency)as it is more or less a working visit,’’ he added. Sanusi also prayed to God to uphold the governor, bring peace to the state and the country. Responding, Governor El-Rufai said he is delighted to welcome him to Kaduna, adding he is deeply touched that Kaduna is the first place HRH Sanusi decided to visit since his relocation to Lagos. Malam el-Rufai noted that Kaduna is lucky to have a person of His Highness’s calibre on the board of its investment agency because of his wide global network, integrity and reputation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders…Sanusi visits el-Rufai Sanusi visits el-Rufai Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis…Sanusi visits el-Rufai Sanusi visits el-Rufai ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and…Sanusi visits el-Rufai Sanusi visits el-Rufai LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN