Afenifere, the Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, their counterparts, Pan Niger Delta Forum(Pandef), Ohaneze Ndigbo and Middle forum leaders, on Saturday, stormed Kaduna to condole with the victims of Southern Kaduna attacks. The leaders described as shameful, the killings in the area and called on security operatives to put more efforts in bringing the crisis to an end. The leaders also visited some internally displaced persons, IDPs, camps also presented some relief materials to the victims, mostly women and children. The National Chairman of PANDEF, Air Commodore ldengesit Nkanga (rtd), spoke on behalf of other August visitors which included the National President of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Chief (sir) Ben Churchill Aniekwena, the spokesman of Afenifere, Mr Yinka Odumakin and president of Middle Belt respectively, where they restated their call for restructuring of the country. Addressing IDPs, the leaders respectively stated that they were in the state to condoled with the victims of the attacks as well as to support them in this grievous period. According to them, it’s shameful that the southern Kaduna crisis is going on unabated. They alleged how could Nigeria security watch the genocide against southern Kaduna and could not bring any of culprits to book. Accordingly, the leaders, when they came they were told that southern Kaduna Killings were revenge, ‘we began to ask who are those people, who spoke to them, where are they coming from, who did they complain to. The people who are saying such a thing knows where the killers are coming from. “Today southern Kaduna people are in IDP camps because their houses are being destroyed and burnt and their villages occupied by Fulanis. “That’s why we’ve been crying for restructuring in the country. If there were native police in your area will they allowed the killers to kill you? The answer is capital No. Speaking at the camp in Gonin Gora, president of SOKAPU Hon. Jonathan Asake sincerely thanked the leaders especially Edwin Clark for the visit. He also thanked the Afenifere representatives for donating N2million to the IDPs.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did Zulum Celebrate Salah With Borno’s ‘Poorest’?
A viral message, which emanated from Whatsapp and was later posted on the Facebook page of a national newspaper, claimed that Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, celebrated Sallah with the poor citizens in the state…Southern Kaduna Why The Colour Of #RevolutionNow Was Not Arab Spring-Red
THEY all happened almost simultaneously, as if in a choreography. On February 9, 2011, a huge crowd of protesters had gathered at the Tahir Square in Cairo, Egypt. Unruly, eyes dilating like pellets of ice immersed in mug-full Campari liquor, it was obvious that this was a crowd determined to change the status quo. They shouted anti-government slogans, calling for an end to oppression, economic adversities and collapse of the Arabian spirit in the Arab world…Southern Kaduna The Marlian Gang: Lifestyles Of Youths Who Claim To Be Lawless, Lack Manners And Home Training
MUSIC and musicians through the ages have demonstrated the tendency to influence not only the present generation, but also the future generation. No wonder, decades after they might have gone, generations later are still inspired by them…Southern Kaduna We Are Worried, Disappointed Over Edo Politics — US
THE United States on Friday said it was concerned with reports of the deteriorating political climate in Edo State. The US Mission in Nigeria, in a statement on its social media platforms, also said that it was disappointed with the role of some political actors in the state. The statement reads: “As long-time friends of Nigeria, we continue to follow political developments ahead of off-cycle elections in the country. The United States supports a democratic process where the will of the Nigerian people is reflected in the results, and does not favour any party or candidate…Southern Kaduna Ize-Iyamu’s Corruption Case: PDP Guilty With Govs Fintiri, Mohammed Nominations ― Presidency
The Presidency has pushed back on the assertion by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that President Muhammadu Buhari’s endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu who is facing corruption charges as the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo State governorship election encourages corruption…Southern Kaduna Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.