A survivor of the boat accident on Badagry waterways in Lagos State, has given details of how greed by the boat operators led to the drowning of 16 passengers during the journey. Sixteen passengers drowned while only the survivor was rescued during the tragedy that happened at the Badagry waterways around 6.00 p.m. on Wednesday, July 29. Both the boat driver and his assistant swam into safety. But giving details of what happened on the day to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the survivor, Moruf Ajibola Kelani, blamed the incident on greed and insistence on the boat operators to collect the fares before getting to their destination. Kelani who described himself as self employed and living in Badagry on his Facebook wall, said: “Normally, we don’t pay fares until we get to our destination, but that day, the boatman insisted on collecting the money. “The boatman thought that it would be difficult to collect N1,500 from passengers when they arrive Badagry instead of the normal N1200, so he started collecting the fares at the point of departure,” he said. “Instead of the assistant boatman to start the boat engine, he was supervising the boatman that was collecting fares until they reached the high sea without starting the engine. “We realised that the high current was pushing the boat near the parked barge around Kirikiri, we shouted at him to start the engine. “Alas! All efforts made by him to start the engine was in vain, the strong current pushed the boat under the parked barge at Kirikiri. “At this critical time, two small boats were sailing along, so the passengers shouted for help and they came to rescue us. “Unfortunately, only three passengers were able to jump into the small boats before our boat capsized,” he said. “LASWA did not rescue anybody because they came two hours after the boat had capsized to remove dead bodies of the passengers inside the waterways. “When the boat capsized, the boatman and his assistant swam out of the waters because they were experts. “Then, out of the 17 passengers that went down after the boat accident, God saved me. “The rest 16 passengers, including my friend and business partner, Benjamin Ojerinola, drowned inside the deep sea due to greed of the boatman,” the survivor said. On how he survived the tragedy, Kelani said only God saved his life. According to him: “When the boat capsized, I found myself deep down inside the waterways, struggling to survive. “As I was coming up from the sea struggling to survive, trying to reach the top, my hand touched the boat because the boat sank with us. “Then, suddenly, God gave me an instinct to hold on to the boat that it will float because it was made of fiber. “I held onto it with one of my fingers till we reached the top. I can’t see anything and I can’t swim. “After the boat had floated out, I hung my leg around the boat and my head on somewhere on the boat for about 30 minutes with hope that before the boat got to Liverpool jetty, a saviour would come. “My head was outside and I was able to breath as the high current from the sea was carrying the boat from one place to other,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… School Reopening: JAMB Meets Heads Of Tertiary Institutions On New Admission Date THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) is considering a new date for the commencement of the 2020 admissions processes from the earlier announced date of 22nd August 2020. The Board would accordingly meet all the tertiary institutions on Monday, 10th August 2020, to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting… MONDAY LINES: Let’s Close Schools Forever This one that COVID death is killing kings and their horsemen, big men dropping in droves, what do you think will happen if coronavirus stays put till 2023? Will there be elections?” “Why won’t there be elections? Life is for the living. We will hold rallies. We will campaign, we will sing, dance and thoroughly abuse our opponents… The 9Cs Of Success Success is the dream of everyone but the reality of a few. While it is possible for everyone to be successful, it is only those who are willing to put into practise the principles that engender success that prime themselves for success. Here are some of the success-enabling principles, all of which start with… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.