THE lawyer representing the embattled former acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has stated that the Justice Ayo Salami panel investigating activities of the anti-corruption commission under his client cannot submit any interim report without hearing from him [Magu]. The lawyer, Wahab Shittu, in a press release he signed and made available to the Nigerian Tribune on Sunday, was reacting to a report (not in the Tribune titles,) claiming that the panel has commended the sack and prosecution of Magu. According to Shittu, the story was “a false story being orchestrated in the public space, contrary to the stage of ongoing proceedings before the panel. “We wish to state with a high sense of responsibility that our client is yet to formally present his defence. Proceedings are ongoing and witnesses are still lined up for next week beginning from Monday  [today].” Shittu stated that in spite of repeated demands, Magu had not been served with copies of allegations against him,  adding that the instrument embodying the terms of reference was not served on his client until August 8, 35 days after proceedings had commenced. He stated further that the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Mr Abubakar Malami, “whose memo triggered the proceedings”, is yet to be summoned to testify to support the allegations against Magu,  adding that: “He who asserts must prove.” According to Shittu, Magu was excluded from the initial stages of the proceedings by the panel with several witnesses testifying in his absence, adding that he (Shittu) was not allowed to cross-examine many of the witnesses who had  testified until recently. “Our client is yet to be granted access to petitions/ presentations, case files and exhibits admitted in the proceedings. Please note that we have written to the panel to that effect. “Our client was accosted on the street and compulsorily requested to appear ‘immediately’ before the panel without the opportunity to access documents to adequately prepare his defence. “That our client was subsequently detained for 10 days after appearing before the panel in unpleasant circumstances. This detention is not covered by the terms of reference arising from the instrument constituting the judicial commission of inquiry. “That our client, owing to his suspension from office, is unable to have access to official documents and other information necessary for his defence. “That cases pending before superior courts of records such as the Federal High  Court, Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court is being reviewed in the proceedings. We believe that this development is subjudice and unhealthy for our jurisprudence. “That witness appearing before the panel was not sworn an oath before giving evidence as stipulated under the Tribunals of Inquiry Act, 2004 on whose authority the instrument setting up the Judicial Commission of Inquiry is derived,” Magu’s counsel stated. Shittu further said it was curious and worrisome that an administrative panel of the inquiry headed by Justice Salami,  having sat and taken evidence, both oral and documentary, in the past one month, suddenly metamorphosed into a  judicial commission of inquiry. He submitted: “How this comes within the contemplation of a commission of the Tribunal of Inquiry Act, 2004 is very  questionable.” Shittu then objected to what he termed “piecemeal release of the so-called interim the report in the social media,” particularly an online medium which claimed to have seen it. According to the lawyer, “It is instructive to state that the the online medium went ahead to recklessly engaged in the libellous publication where it listed individuals and companies being investigated for corruption by the EFCC, allegedly paid bribes to my client. We are shocked about such a libellous publication against my client without hearing from him.” Shittu declared that the entirety of the publication in the online platform was “first-class falsehood from the pit of hell,” adding that none of the issues contained in the report arose from the proceedings of the Salami panel. “I recall Pastor Omale appearing before the panel to confirm openly that none of the transfers into the church’s accounts emanated from Magu and that Magu never donated to his personal or church account. “It is also instructive to note that no character by the name Shanono ever appeared before the judicial commission of inquiry. The purveyors of this fake news may assume they are destroying the sterling image of Magu, but I have news for them. Majority of Nigerians cannot be fooled,” he stated. He confirmed that the proceedings are still ongoing and that Magu is yet to present his defence, adding that the issue of an interim report submitted to President Muhammadu Buhari did not arise.  “We urge those bent on prejudicing the proceedings of the panel by planting false stories in the public space to think of the interest of our country and not prejudge our the client whose commitment all along is service to the country,” he said, adding that the only thing keeping Magu going was the conviction of his innocence.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…