The Ondo State deputy governor, Hon. Agboola Ajayi, on Monday officially resigned his membership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) This was contained in a statement signed by his Media Adviser, Allen Sowore, who said Ajayi’s next line of action would be made known soon to the public. He said Ajayi’s decision to dump PDP was as a result of the call on him by his supporters across the state to give hope to the hopeless and provide credible and purposeful leadership. According to Sowore, “the deputy governor appreciates the National Leadership and members of the party for their warm reception and acceptance in the short period he rejoined the party. ALSO READ: Centre calls for renewed commitment to anti-corruption fight “This decision is as a result of the call on the deputy governor by a majority of the good people of Ondo State to give hope to the hopeless, provide credible and purposeful leadership in our dear state. “He wishes to reassure his teeming supporters to remain focused and committed as he will be announcing his next line of action shortly” Sowore, however, said the chairman of the PDP in Apoi Ward II of Ese-Odo Local Government Area, Festus Oboro has acknowledged the receipt of Ajayi’s resignation letter on 9th of August, 2020. It will be recalled that the Ajayi rejoined the PDP on June 21st, 2020, at his home town, Kiribo and contested as the governorship candidate of the party in the party’s primary election held on 22nd of July, 2020.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE N2.5trn Voted For Federal Roads In 20 Years THE Federal Government has in the last 20 years allocated the sum of N2.542 trillion to construction and rehabilitation of federal roads, Tribune Online findings at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, have revealed. The allocation was made during the administrations of four former leaders of the country; General Abdulsalami Abubakar (1999), Chief Olusegun Obasanjo (1999-2007), Alhaji Umaru Yar’ Adua (2007-2010) and Dr Goodluck Jonathan (2010-2015) and the current… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,  Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. BRAND NEW SOLUTION!!! - Click Here Now To Enlarge Your Manhood Size By An Extra 3.7 Inches In Just 28 Days From Now, Get An Iron Rock-Hard Erection Today, And Last Over 39 Minutes Per Round,In Bed With A Woman Tonight.