An Afro-Pop Artiste, Sokan Oreoluwa popularly known as YungAce has explained that the sound of the reigning artiste, Oxlade necessitated his appearance in the song “Fall”. Also known as Orin, YungAce made this disclosure in an interview with Tribune Online on Saturday in Lagos. Oreoluwa, who recently dropped the hit “Fall” which has put him in the limelight, said Oxlade liked his freestyle; hence, the magical result of Fall. “Oxlade’s sound is so amazing. Immediately I made the song, I knew I wanted his sound on the song. I actually made the freestyle at first and posted it on my page; So, he saw it and liked it. We linked up and the result was magical,” he said. Meanwhile, Orin said that his songs are more often than not about his life and things happening around him. “Most times, I love to sing about my life and things that happen around me. My last single ‘ACT A FOOL’ was basically about my ex-girlfriend (laughs). “I stumbled on a particular girl’s page on Instagram and she caught my attention and the vibes started rolling in. Funnily, I never got to message her at all,” YungAce said. While touching on his uniqueness and what makes him different, Oreoluwa pointed at his love for playing with words and the need to feel personal to the listeners. He added that he loves harmonies and playing around with back up voices. “I love to play with words in my songs, love to make it feel more personal to everyone listening. I also love harmonies and playing around back up vocals. Basically, I would say my sound,” Oreoluwa stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE North May Back Atiku In 2023 — Yakassai •Says APC should pick Southerner as presidential candidate •‘Tinubu better than Buhari who has no plan’ IF former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, contests for the presidency in the next general election in 2023, the majority of the votes from the North will go to him, elder statesman and politician, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, has said. Yakassai, a former Liaison Officer to former President Shehu Shagari, described both Abubakar and former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Tinubu, as potential 2023 presidential contenders… Buhari Suspends Babalakin As UNILAG Pro-Chancellor, Sacks Acting Vice-Chancellor President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG), Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN and the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, over the lingering crisis… ‘I Lived As A Beggar. I Begged To Eat, I Begged To Wear Clothes, I Even Begged To Put My Head Under A Roof’ EMMANUELLA Udeh had just finished peeling melon inside the one-storey building she lives in when Saturday Tribune called. Surrounded by a calm environment in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State, the 39-year-old paraplegic recounted her experience since she was disengaged as a beneficiary of N-Power, a scheme set up by the Federal Government to address the issues of youth unemployment and… We Pay N250,000 Bribe Per Trip, Lagos Truck Owners Cry Out On Monday last week, the Lagos State government staved off a planned strike by the Petroleum Tanker Drivers Association (PTDA) in the state over alleged extortion of its members by security operatives and hoodlums in the course of conducting their lawful business… It’s Sad That Public Servants Depreciate Immediately After Retirement —Osun Ex-HoS, Akinwusi I must tell you that I am one of the saddest people around because having served the government for a good part of one’s life, 35 years, and retiring with nothing to take home is disheartening. Even when such people were still in the active service, their monthly earnings were not sufficient for them. Before I became the HoS, I was always challenged when I saw people retire and discovered that the quality of their lives depreciated… El-Rufai’s Humiliation And Mamman Daura’s Curious London Trip The rescission of the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai to speak at the annual conference of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) as a consequence of sustained social media pressures from people who are discomfited by his history of intolerance and verbal terrorism against his own people will inflict tremendous violence on the governor’s psychic wellbeing…