As part of efforts geared to stem the tide of rape, teenage pregnancy and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in the country, medical experts have harped on the need for proper and continuous sex education. Speaking at a book launch in Abeokuta, the Ogun State chairman of the National Association Of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives (NANNM), Roseline Solarin and a medical doctor at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OOUTH) Isolation centre, Dr Opeyemi Adeyemi said that it is high time everyone takes a part in the eradication of the rape culture in Nigeria. Concerned by the rape culture in the country, NANNM chairperson, Solarin said there is the need for parents to ensure their children and wards have sufficient knowledge of sex and its peculiarities as they grow up, adding that the education will not allow children get involved in an early sexual relationship which may lead to teenage pregnancy. “When there is proper sex education, it will help in reducing unplanned pregnancies and there will be a drastic decrease in sexually transmitted diseases,” Solarin said. ALSO READ: AfDB to help Africa recover projected $409.8bn COVID-19 loses ― Adesina Adeyemi, the author of the book titled “Sex Education Made Easy” said the 120-page book will serve as a guide for parents on how to teach their children about sex at different stages and would help discover a possible child molester or rapist and how to help such person with behavioural change. The author said: “I have had the first-hand experience with some secondary school students and what I discovered made me decided that I need to write a book that will serve as a guide for parents on how to teach their children about sex irrespective of their age group. “This is a book which has been reviewed and updated based on my qualifications as a medical doctor and my experience on the field as a sexual and reproductive health educator. I am an advocate for home-based sex education, I believe that parents are primary companions of their children, and are the ones who watch them grow. “I also believe that the earlier sex education is given at home, the earlier your child will be able to establish the adequate concept of sex sexual and reproductive health, make well-informed decisions and will less likely be a victim of sexual abuse and violence.” Those present at the event include the representative of the Ogun State Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, Funmi Efuwape and the special adviser to Ogun State Governor on Primary and Secondary Education, Ronke Soyombo.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE I Hereby Express Regret, Withdraw My Statement: Fani-Kayode Apologises For Calling Journalist ‘Stupid’ Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised to the Daily Trust journalist for using derogatory words on him during an interview session. A video went viral on Tuesday where Fani-Kayode poured vituperation on the journalist for asking him a question over his various tours of the South-South region… Fani-Kayode’s Attack On Daily Trust Reporter: Our Stand The management of Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust and other titles, condemn the reprehensible actions of Femi Fani-Kayode, who in a video clip now gone viral, verbally assaulted – repeatedly – our reporter, Eyo Charles in the course of doing his job. The encounter occurred in Calabar, Cross River State, in the morning of Thursday 20, August 2020 at a hotel, during a roundtable with invited journalists… Insecurity: Foreigners Paying For Illegal Gold With Arms In Zamfara ― Matawalle Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has revealed that some foreigners come into the state to obtain illegally mined gold by paying for it with arms. According to him, this development is fueling insecurity in the state. The governor, who met with President Muhammadu Buhari in his official… POWER PROJECT: FG To Deliver 300MW To Every State, Secures $6.1bn Funding THE Federal Government (FG), on Tuesday, said it planned to deliver a minimum of 300MW to every state in Nigeria through a partnership with Data Analytics and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman while highlighting his achievements in the last one year. He said, “We have averaged high energy generation and transmission peaks… Why I Resigned From NIPSS — Mailafia The FORMER deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Dr Obadiah Mailafia, has stated that he tendered his resignation as the Chief Operating Officer of the newly-established Centre for Financial Economics at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, in Plateau State out of moral conscience over the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the North… LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN