Members of the House of Representatives on Wednesday expressed concerns over the security lapses at the Nnamdi Azikwe Airport, Abuja; Murtala Muhammad Airport, Lagos and other airports across the country. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Akin Alabi, who frowned at the level of disregard for extant regulations which prohibit possession of liquid above 100ml beyond the checkpoints. While stressing the need for the operatives of the Aviation Security (AVSEC) to improve the training and orientation of its security personnel, the lawmaker In his lead debate, Hon. Alabi said: “One of the regulations of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) provides that liquids above 100ml are prohibited beyond the checkpoints. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Sanwo-Olu recieves Lafarge’s management team “The House also notes that despite this clear regulation, passengers are still allowed to carry drinks, water etc, into planes, even after having supposedly been checked by the security operatives. “The House is cognizant that the rules and regulations were put in place to secure the lives of airline passengers and their breaches pointedly indicate lapses in the work ethics of the airports security operatives. “The House is aware that some security officers at the airports are overwhelmed by the overbearing attitudes of some elites or public office holders, who by reason of their status and/or positions refuse to comply with basic rules and regulations. “The House regrets that those unruly behaviours by certain individuals are accommodated by some security personnel who in a bid to obtain favour(s) forget that no one is above the laws and in the process risk endangering the lives of passengers. “The House is concerned that those lapses in security are the probable causes of security incidences which have now become major concerns in the airports across the nation,” he lamented. While urging Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) to ensure that equipment necessary for effective and efficient screening of passengers are provided and are in proper working conditions, the House mandated its Committee on Aviation to ensure compliance.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS