China has launched the clinical trials for its first coronavirus vaccine, which is developed by the country’s top military bio-warfare expert and her team. Chen Wei, the lead researcher, announced last night that Beijing has granted permission to start the tests. ‘Vaccine is the strongest scientific weapon to end the coronavirus,’ the bio-warfare expert told state broadcaster CCTV. ‘If China is the first country to invent such weapons and have our own patents, it shows the progress of our science and the image of a giant country.’ The research team has also prepared for large-scale production of the vaccine, Chen added. The Recombinant Novel Coronavirus Vaccine was successfully developed following more than a month of research, including the study of the vaccines for Ebola. ALSO READ: Retailers close stores around globe to curb coronavirus spread Chen, also a leading specialist in genetic engineering vaccines in China, developed a medical spray during the SARS outbreak in 2003. The product prevented around 14,000 medical workers from contracting the virus, said another state-media report. She is also known in the country as the ‘terminator of Ebola’ for leading a team to create a vaccine against the fatal illness. Speaking of fighting the novel coronavirus, Chen said: ‘The epidemic is like a military situation. The epicentre equals to the battlefield.’ The 54-year-old expert, also a Major General of the People’s Army, has been working on the coronavirus vaccine since arriving in Wuhan on January 26, according to the press. Chen and her team were already developing a quicker way to screen the COVID-19 coronavirus from a tent in the epicentre on January 30, according to an official report from China. The news comes as Beijing reported just one new domestic case today in comparison to 15,152 just five weeks ago while the number of deaths and infections in Europe continue to soar. The single case in Wuhan will boost China’s view that it has ‘basically curbed’ the spread of the pathogen which emerged in the city last December. But the country is now concerned about an influx of cases from abroad, with an average of 20,000 people flying into China every day. In a reversal of roles, Beijing is now requiring almost all international arrivals to go into 14-day quarantine in designated hotels. (Dailymail) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!