The proposed emergency meeting of Nigeria Governor’s Forum (NGF) earlier scheduled for tomorrow Wednesday in Abuja, has been postponed till further notice. This came on the heel of the spread of coronavirus across the country. Recall that the Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed has gone into self-isolation sequel to his contact with the son of the former Vice President Atiku Abubakar while on-board Aero Airline last week. ALSO READ: Reps to pass emergency economic stimulus bill Governor Mohammed also attended the NGF’s monthly meeting held last Wednesday at the NGF secretariat, Maitama Abuja where he exchanged pleasantries with his contemporaries. In response to an inquiry on the possibility of holding the scheduled meeting, the NGF secretariat confirmed that the meeting has been postponed indefinitely. The Forum had during the last meeting resolved to partner with Federal Ministry of Health in the bid to establish isolation and testing in all the 36 States of the Federation. On his Twitter handle, Borno state Governor; Governor Zulum confirmed the unveiling of an ultra model testing and isolation centre in the state. Meanwhile, Niger State Government has become the first State to impose 8 am to 8 pm curfew across the state as part of measures to contain the spread of COVID-19. After the declaration of the curfew, many residents of Suleja and Abuja metropolis thronged en-masse to the Babangida market to stock food items. Tribune Online Correspondent also who visited some of the large Pharmacies across Suleja also gathered that the ‘Nose mask’ and Sanitizer are no longer in stock. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!