Gov Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State, on Monday, called on the people to cooperate with the state government to win the war against the spread of Coronavirus currently ravaging the whole world. Oyetola made the assertion while addressing the people of Osun in a statewide broadcast on the measures put in place to contain the spread of Coronavirus. The governor said there was the need for the state residents and Nigerians as a whole to unite to fight the virus. According to him, the virus is threatening our lives, our economy and all we labour and stand for as people. He urged the people of the state to cooperate with the government and endure the temporary hardships, saying “no sacrifice is too much for our lives and those of our loved ones”. Oyetola declared that there was no confirmed cases of the virus in the state, urging residents to remain calm and not panic. He also appealed to people to rather obey the government’s simple instructions, directives and follow simple hygiene. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Gombe shuts down schools, restricts social, religious gatherings “As part of the immediate measures to prevent an outbreak, the state government has constituted three committees to decisively deal with the situation. “The committees are: Technical Response Committee; Economic Impact Committee and the Communication Committee,” he said. The governor said that the committees, which consist of experts in the respective fields, would report directly to him. He said that the holding centres to isolate and treat possible reported cases had been created as well as emergency hotline. Oyetola said, in case of outbreak of the virus, people should call 293, 08035025692, 08033908772 and 08056456250. The governor appealed to residents to strictly observe a high level of personal hygiene and avoid non-residential travels within the country. Oyetola said he had mandated a Monitoring Team to enforce the ban on public gatherings in the state to further ensure that everyone was safe. “Do Not Panic! But obey government’s simple instructions and directives. “Follow simple hygiene; and together, we shall win the war against Coronavirus and keep our state safe and secure,” the governor assured residents. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!