The Immediate past Chief Medical Director (CMD), University College Hospital, Ibadan (UCH), Professor Temitope Alonge, has hailed the Oyo State government readiness to combat the pandemic coronavirus in the state. Alonge, while speaking with Tribune Online, on Sunday at the Oyo State Infectious Disease Isolation Centre, Olodo formerly Ajimobi maternal and paediatric centre, said he has gotten the mandate from the Oyo State government to assist the state’s Ministry of Health Management Board in setting up the Infectious Disease Isolation Centre. He noted that the Oyo State government under the leadership of Seyi Makinde is leaving no stone unturned in its fight against coronavirus in the state, noting that it would be unfair to say the government is not ready to curb the spread of the pandemic disease. “It is not true that the government is doing nothing to fight coronavirus. “It is not fair on the Executive Governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde who is the chairperson of the task force that has been set up in the fight against this virus. “He is chairing it with everything he has, he is in control and he has taken sound advice from experts,” he said. He also said the government has put in place everything needed to contain the surge in the virus. “As it stands, the requirements for the take-off of a bigger surge is in place, the Agbami centre has a ten-bed space, which is why this centre has been created and it will be ready in the next five days. “We only need to put in some finishing touches, like Oxygen, running water and Solar panel system. We also have a small mortuary because not everyone will survive but we don’t pray for anyone to die. In a setting like this, people are bound to die and we have to provide them with decent storage,” he said. Also speaking, the Director, Planning, Resources and Statistics, Oyo State Ministry of Health, Dr Abass Gbolahan, said the government is working with UCH to curb the virus. “UCH has been a partner in the management of pandemics in the state, we have an isolation centre there too. “The Executive Governor has also supported UCH in creating a testing centre, so we don’t have to take samples all the way from here to Lagos,” he said. Also, Ronke Adepetu said in combat of this COVID-19, Alonge is ready to form a team of medical practitioners, virologist, medical lab scientists to train healthy volunteer in safety and emergency beforehand. According to her, she said the volunteers are to help the medical practitioners who are likely to be overwhelmed in the fight of the pandemic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: UCH CMD Tests Positive For Coronavirus The Chief Medical doctor, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the CMD… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Immigration CG, Babandede, Tests Positive For Coronavirus • He is responding to treatment ― Immigration spokesperson The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Mr Muhammed Babandede, on Sunday confirmed he has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). He had gone into self-isolation after taken ill on his return from a trip to the United Kingdom, with a Deputy Comptroller General overseeing the administration of the service… Read full story Fear Of Coronavirus Hits EFCC The coronavirus pandemic has grounded the operations of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) to a halt. According to findings, the acting chairman of the Commission, Ibrahim Magu has ordered that some measures be put in place to ensure that the virus is contained in the commission’s facility across the country… Read full story COVID-19: Osun Announces Total Lockdown Of State As Oyetola Discloses Second Confirmed Case The Osun State Government has announced the total lockdown of the state, on Tuesday, following the confirmation of the second case of COVID-19. The Government reaffirmed the commitment to shut down all the land boundaries effective from midnight, Sunday, March 29, 2020… Read full story Nigerians Brace For Tough Times As Food Prices Shoot Up With coronavirus ravaging the country and governments announcing closure of markets and malls, prices of foodstuffs and other essential items have begun to shoot up across the country.  And while many Nigerians are reeling under the yoke of tough economic times and unemployment, state governments have started to… Read full article Ondo Explosion: I Prayed Against Death As Church Collapsed On Us –Church Founder I was in the church around midnight when suddenly I heard a loud sound and before I knew what was happening, the whole church had collapsed on me. I started praying, calling for help from the Holy Spirit to save me and others in the church. I started praying against the death of any of the church members under the rubble … Read full interview We Are Working On Palliatives, Makinde Tells Oyo People OYO State Governor, Seyi Makinde, on Saturday, informed residents of the state that his government is already working on palliatives to ease the pressure on them  following the partial shutdown of activities as part of the precautionary measures to curtail the spread of COVID-19… Read full story Victims Count Losses As Explosion Destroys 70 Buildings, Injures 13 In Ondo No fewer than 70 houses were on Saturday destroyed in Eleyowo/Iluabo communities on the Akure–Owo Expressway in Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State when objects suspected to be explosives exploded in the area. The blast, which occurred around 12:57a.m., left about 13 people injured… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE