Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri of Adamawa State has directed all workers from level 01 to 14 in public and private sectors in the state to work from home. A statement signed by the press secretary to the governor, Humwashi Wonosikou, said the directive is part of measures to ensure the safety of the people against the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. “This category of staff are to work from home for a period of two weeks in the first instance subject to review, but with exception of those on essential services such as health workers, water board, fire service, the board of internal revenue, security men, abbatoir and media workers.” He said that the governor said the decision became necessary based on the fact that 51 cases and one death had been recorded in the country. “Governor Ahmadu Fintiri reassured people of the state of his administration’s resolve to protect them against any form of challenges and urged them to cooperate with government towards better service delivery. “The governor reiterated the need for all concerned to observe basic hygiene practices like ensuring hand washing and social distancing,” Wonosikou said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!