AIRTEL Nigeria has announced the launch of a new cash token reward scheme tagged, ‘ AirtelThanks’ programme to appreciate its subscribers. The Chief Commercial Officer, Airtel Nigeria, Mr Dinesh Balsingh, said in a statement that subscribers stood a chance of getting up to N100 million cash reward with the launch of ‘AirtelThanks.’ Balsingh said the cash token reward scheme was aimed at giving Airtel subscribers the opportunity to earn cash back rather than just airtime and data bonus. “AirtelThanks rewards customers with multiple tiered service benefits which include invites to special events, like birthday appreciation gifts, priority service access, personalised relationship management, among other benefits. “Customers are now eligible for cash tokens that can be used to buy airtime and data as well as make purchases across 300 merchants. “Each Cash Token offered means guaranteed cash-back and automatic qualification for the national cash token draw with a chance to win from N5000 to N100 million weekly. “The weekly draws are televised every Saturday at 9.30 pm on AIT on the National CashToken Draw show,” he said. Balsingh said that the company would continue to go the extra mile to reward, appreciate and delight its customers. He said that with the cash token rewards, every customer could win cash with each purchase of data and airtime.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  Defection: You Are An Ungrateful Soul, APC Replies Segun Oni The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has declared it was not surprised with the imminent defection of the former governor of the state, Chief Segun Oni from the party to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).  Oni, a former deputy national chairman of the APC while speaking in an exclusive chat with… Read full story  APC Crisis: Confusion Persists As Oshiomhole Gives Notice Of NWC Meeting Despite the reprieve granted the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole by the Court of Appeal on Monday, the confusion in the ruling persisted. A  Federal Capital Territory(FCT) High Court, Abuja has on Monday granted an interim order to allow the acting national secretary… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Coronavirus: Jehovah’s Witnesses Cancel Historical Evangelism In UK With the apparent failure of the western powers to contain a further spread of the contagious coronavirus, a religious organisation, the Jehovah’s Witnesses (JW), has cancelled its historical mode of evangelism across the United Kingdom. For fear of the disease, the Christian religious organisation, for the first time in the history of its existence, announced the cancellation of its evangelism activities, including house-to-house, street and literature cart witnessing in the entire UK… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story  APC Crisis: We’ll Quarantine Oshiomhole’s Enemies –Tinubu • 2023 ambition causing corona-like virus, he adds Barely 24 hours to the meeting of the National Executive Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to decide the fate of its ousted national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, former Lagos State governor and national leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has finally taken a position on the crisis… Read full story  BREAKING: Court Sacks New Kano Emirs, Dissolves Four Emirates A Kano High Court on Thursday nullified the creation of four new Emirate Councils in the state by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje. While also sacking the Emirs appointed over those Emirates, the court described the appointments as illegal. It would be recalled that the state governor created four Emirate Councils of Bichi, Karaye, Gaya and Rano… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!