ATQ News has released the list of nominees for the 2020 Balafon Awards to be recognised at the 6th Accra Weizo, the West African tourism and travel fair, scheduled to hold in June. However, online voting has commenced on ATQNews.com, while nominations for the ‘Award of the Decade’ should be sent to atqnewsawards@gmail.com promptly as nominations and voting will close on May 11, 2020. The Balafon Award of excellence has been received by several deserving individuals and corporate bodies in West Africa. Past winners include the Director-General of the National Council for Arts & Culture, Chief Olusegun Runsewe (2019 Tourism Man of the Year), Captain Solomon Quainoo (2019 Aviation Man of the Year), and Stella Fubara of Dubai Tourism (2018 Travel Personality of the Year). Past corporate winners include: Carnival Calabar, Air Peace, Kotoka International Airport, Kempinski Gold Coast Hotel, Accra and many more. This year, in addition to the usual annual awards, several worthy individuals and leading corporate entities in the industry will be honoured with awards of the decade. The winners of the 2020 Balafon Awards will be published on ATQNews.com before the 6th Accra Weizo takes place. With the theme ‘seamless travel in West Africa, Accra Weizo is a regional travel and tourism expo that brings industry professionals together across West Africa. Initiated in 2014 by ATQ News, Accra Weizo West African travel expo which is hosted annually in Accra, Ghana will celebrate its sixth edition honouring 2019 Balafon Award winner. Captain Solomon Quianoo, the first Ghanaian to fly the world’s biggest passenger aircraft, A380 has been confirmed as the guest speaker. West African travel awards nominees (Balafon Award): Award of the Decade (2010 – 2020), Award of the Year (2019/2020), Tourism Personality of the Decade, Travel Personality of the Decade, Aviation Personality of the Decade, Hotel GM of the Decade, Tour Operator of the Decade, Travel Agent of the Decade, Hotel Personality of the Decade, Hotel of the Decade, Boutique Hotel of the Decade, Business Hotel of the Decade, Budget Hotel of the Decade etc. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!