President Muhammadu Buhari has denied involvement in the dethronement of Mallam Sanusi Lamido Sanusi as the Emir of Kano. Presidency spokesman, Garba Shehu, distanced the president from the action taken, on Monday, by Kano state government, saying that Buhari does not interfere in state governments’ matters. His denial followed the claim made by former Kano governor, Rabiu Kwankwaso, who had alleged in a BBC Hausa Service interview that the president was behind Sanusi’s ouster. But in a statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday, the presidential spokesman denied the allegation. He said: “President Muhammadu Buhari has no involvement whatsoever in the dethronement of HRH Muhammadu Sanusi II from the position of Emir of Kano. All such insinuations are untrue, malicious and politically motivated. ALSO READ: BREAKING: El-Rufai gives Sanusi another appointment, makes him Chancellor of Kaduna Varsity “The President does not have a history of intervening in the affairs of any state in the country, unless the issue at hand is of national consequence. On such matters which impinge on national security, he has a duty of involvement as the law stipulates. “As outlined in the Constitution, the appointment or removal of emirs and other traditional leaders is strictly within the jurisdiction of state governments. It is unfair and disingenuous of opposition politicians to try to link the situation in Kano State to the Federal Government and the Nigerian President. “Although a retired General and former Military Head of State, President Buhari clearly understands that under the current democratic dispensation, the government at the centre cannot read instructions or twist the arms of all or any of the 36 state governments making up the federation. They all have their powers specified under the Constitution. “President Buhari commends the people of Kano for keeping calm in the past few days of the dethronement announcement. He prays that the will of Allah will be done at all times and that the emirate/state and its people continue to experience progress irrespective of who is on the throne.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS