As the spread of COVID-19 continues to escalate across Nigeria, the Chief Judge of Bayelsa State, Justice Kate Abiri, has given an order for the immediate suspension of court sittings across the state. The order, contained in a press statement signed and issued to newsmen in Yenagoa by the Head of Media and Information of the Bayelsa Judiciary, Mr Julius Nyananyo, explained that the suspension takes effect from Tuesday, March 24, 2020, and would last for two weeks. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Ganduje directs Kano civil servants to stay at home The statement read: “the suspension is in line with the directive from the office of the Chief Justice of the Federation, Justice Ibrahim Tanko-Muhammad, as measures taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria.” According to the Chief Judge, in order to take further preventive steps in tackling the reality of coronavirus in the country, all Judges, Magistrates, Chairmen of Customary Courts are advised to adhere to all government directives. Explaining further, Justice Abiri said the directive is aimed at protecting Judges, Magistrates and other staff of the courts and litigants from contracting the disease. She, however, said the courts will only be open to matters that are urgent, essential or time-bound according to the extant laws and calls for understanding from the litigating public. The Chief Judge, therefore, called on the general public to take cognisance of the consequences of the disease and appealed that the decision is in the best interest of the public health of court users. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story  FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!