The National Universities Commission (NUC) has given full accreditation to six academic programmes at the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN). The programmes are Accounting, Banking and Finance, Business Administration, Marketing, Public Administration, and Hotel and Catering Management. Director, Media and Publicity of the University, Ibrahim Sheme, who confirmed this in a statement on Monday in Abuja said the implication of this status was that NOUN now has the mandate to run these programmes for five years. ALSO READ: Gov Oyetola says winning war against coronavirus, collective responsibility He said the approval was conveyed to the Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor Abdalla Uba Adamu, in a letter dated 19th March 2020 and signed by Maryam Sali, the NUC Director of Accreditation, on behalf of the Executive Secretary. NUC has the statutory mandate to accredit academic programmes in all Nigerian universities. Certificates issued to students admitted into unaccredited programmes are not recognised. Scheme noted that the latest approval given to NOUN was a sequel to the result of a NUC-organised accreditation visitation to the university in Abuja in October/November 2019. He added that the result of the visitation showed an impressive score for each of the six programmes, ranging from 78.7 per cent to 97.4 per cent. “The VC, Professor Adamu, expressed delight with the approval, saying this shows the readiness of NOUN to fulfil its obligations as a centre of excellence in the Open and Distant Learning (ODL) mode of education,” he said.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus
One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing
AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!