Civil servants in Bauchi State between grade levels 1-12 have been directed to stay at home until further notice but will continue to work from home. The directive was contained in a statement signed by Umar Saidu on behalf of the Head of Civil Service and made available to newsmen in Bauchi on Tuesday evening. The HoS, however, directed that those on levels above 12 are expected to continue going to the office and all essential public servants such as health and security. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Kwara to use more measures to curb spread “In an effort to curtail the spread of the killer disease, His Excellency, Sen Bala Mohammed, the Executive Governor of Bauchi State, has directed that all non-essential public servants on grade level 1-12 stay and work from their home with effect from Wednesday, March 25, 2020, until further notice,” the statement contains. It stated further that, “While non-essential officers from grade level 13 and above including all essential public servants such as health, security, etc should continuously come to work to sustain coordination of effective service delivery.” The statement then urged citizens in the state to always observe necessary precautions during their interactions through minimal contacts amongst others. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!