The Peoples Democratic Party has called on the Federal Government to immediately set up an inter-agency panel of inquiry to investigate the explosion that rocked a suburb of Akure, Ondo State Capital with catastrophic consequences. The explosion injured many and destroyed property in its wake on Saturday. PDP said the investigation should focus on the remote and immediate cause of the explosion and source of the reported explosives and, the purpose they were meant to serve. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kaduna govt arrests two clerics for conducting Jumat service This was part of a statement issued and signed by the National Publicity Secretary of Peoples Democratic Party, Kola Ologbodiyan The leading opposition party said it was apprehensive and shocked over the strange explosion that rocked a suburb of Akure, Ondo state, injuring many compatriots and destroying numerous houses on Saturday morning. “The PDP insisted that a forensic investigation is imperative given the spate of such explosions in various parts of our country in recent time. “The PDP also demands that the Federal Government should immediately provide palliatives to the victims as well as the communities affected by the blast. “The party called on the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to immediately move in and commence the handling of emergency issues in the area, as well as ensuring adherence to health safety directives, particularly as the nation is still battling with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. “The PDP commiserates with the victims of the blast while urging Nigerians to continue to be vigilant and prayerful for the safety of lives in our country,” the party stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE By and read digital replicas of your tribune tittles by subscribing through: E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE