Efforts towards improving secondary education in Nigeria has received a boost as the Skool Media Nigeria Limited has partnered the Federal Government towards digitalising the unity colleges in the country. By this development with implementation already ongoing, both the students and teachers of unity colleges are being exposed and equipped with requisite knowledge and skills that could help them to perform more effectively their respective duties using information and communication technology education. They are also able to access a rich variety of multimedia learning contents and engage in coding and digital research, the general use of a computer, among others. ALSO READ: BREAKING: More trouble for house owners as FG moves to reclaim Abule Ado The Chairman of the Advisory Board of the company, Dr Macjohn Nwaobiala, gave this hint at a press briefing and inauguration of a newly constituted Advisory Board of the company in Lagos, last week. He said Skool Media is tasked, by the partnership, to building a 21st Century students’ and teachers’ technology hub across the federal government-owned colleges nationwide. While disclosing that the company is already doing that starting with 75 out of the total 104 unity schools nationwide and with up to 377 digital classrooms been provided, he noted that additional eight schools would be added soon and the implementation would continue to cover others later, this with the aim of preparing Nigerian students for the future world of work. According to him, education is key to national development and therefore must not be left only in the hand of the government, hence the reason Nigeria should not lag behind in encouraging the public-private partnership initiative in driving the sector with ICT to meet the best global practice and make the country economically prosperous. “We cannot as a country afford to continue to produce just any graduate, but graduate who will be able to add values and innovative in solving societal problems,” he noted. He, however, urged the government across tiers to take education from primary to tertiary levels more seriously. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!