Director General of the Progressive Governors Forum, the platform of governors on the platform of All Progressives Congress, Salihu Lukman, has advised the stakeholders in the party to initiate a process that would produce an acting chairman. Lukman in a statement made available to newsmen said the court injunction and counter injunction have stripped Comrade Adams Oshiomhole of the legitimacy to lead the party. He said:” The most important political question, however, has to do with implications of the unfolding events to our party, All Progressives Congress (APC) and our leaders, especially regarding the status of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. ”With all that is going on, is he (Comrade Oshiomhole) still the National Chairman? If he is, will he be able to respond to all these challenges in a way that restores his legitimacy to continue to preside over affairs of the party? How will all these affect the electoral fortunes of the party especially given the question of his membership credential of the party? On the other hand, if it turns out that he is no longer the National Chairman, who succeed him and how can we ensure that such a transition come with increased electoral advantages for our party? What could be the determining requirement for that to be guaranteed?” APC crisis: Plot to announce Ajimobi acting chairman… Bloomberg rating: Buhari leading Nigeria to promised land ―… Linguistics graduate turned food vendor wins Princewill… Coronavirus: It is irresponsible to seek political gains… Admitting the fact that only the embattled chairman of the party who was ordered by Justice Dalami Senchi of the Federal Capital Territory High Court to vacate his seat could convene a meeting of the national caucus and National Executive Committee, Lukman argued that provisions of 17 (vi) of the APC 2010 Constitution (as amended) should be invoked to bring on board an acting chairman ahead of a meeting of the highest organ of the party, the national convention. ALSO READ: Alleged assault: Court grants application compelling Oluwo to appear in court ”How can we get all these started? First, pending the settlement of all the cases around Comrade Oshiomhole’s membership, we need to invoke provisions of Article 17 (vi) which provides that in the event of a vacancy, “the relevant Party organ shall appoint another person to act in his place pending ratification by the National Convention or Congress. ” The relevant party organ, in this case, may have to be the National Executive Committee (NEC). Given all the vacancies about six so far, National Chairman, Deputy National Chairman (South), Deputy National Chairman (North), National Vice Chairman (North West), National Secretary and National Auditor, who convene the NEC? This is where the organising, consultation and negotiating capacity of our leaders will be tested. Combinations of a majority of the remaining members of the NWC in consultation with President Buhari, Governors, other party leaders who are leading members of the National Caucus can resolve all these issues and convene the NEC to appoint an Acting National Chairman.’ ”With the appointment of an Acting National Chairman, the next would be to seek to invoke provisions of Article 25 A(i) of the APC constitution, which stipulate that the “National Convention of the Party shall be held once in Two (2) years at a date, venue and time to be recommended by the National Working Committee and approved by the National Executive Committee subject to the giving of statutory notice to Independent National Electoral Commission and at least fourteen (14) days notice given to members eligible to attend.” Already, this is the second year since the last Convention in 2018 where Comrade Oshiomhole-led NWC was elected. What this means is that with or without our current challenges we are actually due for a National Convention.” The DG, PGF absolved President Muhammadu Buhari of blame over the leadership tussle rocking the party. He said President Buhari was walking his talks not to interfere in the administration of the party to promote its supremacy. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN