Many times, the most important things in life are simple and free and there is always the tendency to take them for granted. Each day we breathe in and out because air is free. The importance of air becomes obvious when a sick person has to be assisted to be alive by the intake of oxygen from an oxygen tank. Time is the most important resource in life and it’s free – everyone is handed an allocation of twenty four hours daily and in many cases time is also taken for granted. Many people erroneously try to kill time but they don’t know time is actually killing them. Time lost can never be regained. Time is one product that cannot be recycled. One other very common and easily taken for granted matter are words. Words are one of the most potent of forces on the earth and everyone who is not dumb can speak. Words are spoken freely everyday and everywhere in the world. Words are very critical to human operations on the earth. Words are containers that carry our thoughts, intentions, ideas and desires. Words are spoken thoughts and thoughts are unspoken words. Except our thoughts are verbalized, they become unknown and of no effect to people around us. It is when we translate our thoughts into words that our thoughts can have the necessary or intended impact. “If you can’t communicate and talk to other people and get across your ideas, you’re giving up your potential.”Warren Buffet The world is governed by and operates on words. Wars are started by words. Love is expressed greatly through words. Words are channels to express appreciation and hate. Words can build or destroy. “Words have incredible power. They can make people’s hearts soar, or they can make people’s hearts sore.” Dr. Mardy Grothe Words are very important and for our lives to count, we must learn to maximize the power of words. We must work towards making our words worth listening to. We must make our words to be longed for. We must make our words memorable. Dominion in life is impossible without mastering the use of words. To walk in dominion our words must be worth listening to and this will demand our words must be relevant and have rich content. The expression of content is the attracting force that makes people want to listen to anybody. Nobody wants to waste his time listening to a person who is brandishing foolishness by his speech. To have content, we must consciously go all out to feed our minds with the right materials. Our speech will always be a reflection of what we have fed our minds with. Like they say- garbage in, garbage out. We must be readers of good quality books. We must be hungry to learn the right things from the right source. We must be open to new ideas. TO BE CONTINUED  For enquiries and comments please send email to charismokola@yahoo.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!