The Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH) has confirmed 10 new cases of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Nigeria. The ministry made the announcement via a release signed by the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire. According to the ministry, there are three new cases in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and seven new cases in Lagos State. This brings the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria to 22. According to the release, “All 10 new cases are Nigerian nationals; nine of them have travel history to the Canada, France, Netherlands, Spain and United Kingdom. They returned to the country in the past one week. The tenth case is a close contact of a previously confirmed case. “The three cases in the FCT are being treated at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital (UATH), Gwagwalada while the 7 (seven) new cases in Lagos are being treated at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH), Yaba. All 10 (ten) new cases have mild to moderate symptoms and are currently receiving treatment. “As of the 21st of March 2020, 22 cases have been confirmed, two cases have been discharged and there has been no death from COVID-19 in Nigeria. “The Federal Government of Nigeria remains committed to working with states to provide optimal care for all confirmed COVID-19 cases in the country. “Contact tracing is ongoing to identify all persons who have been in contact with the new confirmed cases. The Port Health Services of the Federal Ministry of Health has heightened screening at all air, land and sea points of entry into Nigeria and adapted the protocols to reflect the travel guidance issued by the Presidential Task Force on the Control of Coronavirus (COVID-19). ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Bayelsa govt suspends schools, religious gatherings “The National Emergency Operations Centre (EOC) led by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) supported by partners continues to coordinate response activities and strengthen preparedness capacity across states nationwide. An intensive national risk communications campaign is ongoing to inform Nigerians about COVID-19. The Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH) working closely with states and the Presidential Task Force on the Control of Coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to review response activities and institute measures to protect the health of Nigerians.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!