As a follow up to the closure of schools in Ondo State by the state government to curtail the spread of coronavirus, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu has advised that churches and mosques with large crowds to break their services. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by the state commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Donald Ojogo, who said this is to curtail excessive physical contacts to curb the spread of coronavirus in the state. The state government advised that “crowds in all Churches and Mosques across the state must be regulated until further notice. For emphasis, Churches and Mosques with large crowds are strongly advised to break into more worship syndicates(services). This is to curtail excessive physical contacts. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Jumat service fails to hold in major mosques in Osun “That people should avoid the use of common cups and chalice in the case of Churches, for drinking. In this regard, it is advised that disposable cups must suffice, if at all” He called for the indefinite postponement of the convocation ceremony of the Ondo State University of Science and Technology, Okitipupa, which was slated for Saturday, 21st March 2020. The statement stated “Where there are needs for clarifications on the closure of schools, all stakeholders and partners, including examination bodies as well as proprietors of private schools are enjoined to get in touch with the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology for such. “While the government puts structures in place to confront the coronavirus pandemic, it is pertinent that the citizenry takes more seriously, the above precautionary measures in addition to those enumerated by Mr Governor in his broadcast to the State.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story  2023: The PDP Challenge To The APC In South-West IT is an indubitable fact that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), at the height of its glory, dominated the political landscape since the advent of the current democratic dispensation, especially between 1999 and 2011. Its sphere of, though gradually waning particularly in the South-West and some parts… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!