So far 27 people in Bauchi State have been placed on compulsory self-isolation for a minimum of 14 days in order to determine their coronavirus (COVID-19) status. Nigerian Tribune reports that hose placed on the compulsory self-isolation are said to have had previous history of contact to a COVID-19 positive confirmed case as disclosed by the Disease Control Unit of Bauchi State Ministry of Health. According to the update given by Disease Control Unit on Wednesday, 4 isolation centers have been created in Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital (ATBUTH), Federal Medical Center (FMC), Azare, Specialist Hospital Bauchi and General Hospital, Toro. It also urged members of the general public to imbibe the culture of hygiene and hygienic living by always washing their hands with soap and clean water as well as apply hand sanitisers just as they are encouraged to report any symptoms of Lassa fever and COVID-19 to the nearest health facility. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FG, States, LGs Share N581.566bn February Allocation The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC) has shared a total of N581.566 billion February 2020 Federation Account revenue to the federal, states and local government areas in the country. This was announced after a rescheduled meeting of the Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) held in Abuja… Read full story  FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!