Kaduna residents on Friday kicked against the circulation of fake hand sanitisers around the state as conmen began distribution of their so-called locally made. Some of them who spoke in separate interviews following the total lockdown by the state government in Kaduna said the hand sanitizers were causing them allergy. Mrs Mary Maaji, a housewife said in spite of buying local sanitiser at a higher price, the product started peeling off her hands. “As part of measures to safeguard our health, we are now buying sanitisers that are not good for our consumption. “I think there are fake sanitisers in the market now since people are desperate to make money. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Nine suspected cases in Kano test negative “I bought the sanitiser at the rate of N1,700 but unfortunately as I started using it, it began peeling my hands.’’ Mrs Augustina Lawal, a civil servant, said her sanitiser was watery when she started using it. “When I bought the sanitiser it was like a paste and when I started using it, it became watery and I notice rashes on my hands. “I am appealing that government should checkmate the sale of the sanitisers and sanction some people so that we will not be treating other diseases instead of prevention,’’ she said. Mrs Abigail Musa, also lamented that the sanitiser she bought was fake and not original. “It is quite unfortunate, I bought the wrong sanitiser and as I am speaking to you right now, my hands are itching me.’’ Dr Ajayi Abass, while reacting to it, however, advised people to get original sanitisers at the teaching hospital. Abass said that the hospital was selling the sanitiser at a cheaper price. “If you must use sanitiser, make sure you get it in a recommended place and not patronising any store. “If you can`t access sanitiser, you can purchase methylated spirit, glycerin and hydrogen peroxide and mix with boiled water, allow it to get cold. He advised residents to avoid touching public surfaces if they had no sanitiser. Abbas said residents should clean their environment and surfaces with disinfectant and avoid people who are coughing or just arrived from areas where the infection was high. When contacted on the telephone, the Kaduna State Coordinator of National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Mr Natim Mullah-Dadi, said people should stem the problem by not patronising any product during the COVID-19 pandemic. He also advised residents to check the label, location, factory name and ingredients used to make products before purchasing any product to avoid fake and substandard products. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story  Coronavirus: Nigeria Records 14 New Cases Thursday, Total Now 65 14 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed on Thursday, bringing the total number of Nigerians with the virus to 65, as at 8.35 pm. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), 12 were Lagos cases while the remaining two were in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)… Read full story  COVID-19: Founder Of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu Donates N1 Billion To Support Nigeria’s Response To strengthen national response to COVID-19 in Nigeria, industrialist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has announced a donation of N1 billion in cash through the BUA Foundation, and has also placed an order for an additional donation of equipment and medical supplies including testing kits and… Read full story  COVID-19: Fuel Scarcity Back In Abuja, Hawkers Back To Business As the battle against the dreaded coronvirus scourge hots up nationwide, the residents of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja and its environs may have to contend with aquate shortage Petroleum products as long queues of vehicles surfaced on Thursday evening despite restriction of movements order in force… Read full story  Coronavirus: Returnee Who Allegedly Hid Self Discovered At Home In Benue The apprehension in Makurdi, the capital city of Benue State in the past few days over the presence of a returnee (names withheld) who allegedly hid has subsided after he was located by government officials… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!