Spiritual Head of One Love Family, Sat Guru Maharaj Ji, has attributed the ravaging coronavirus across the globe to wickedness, disobedience to God’s commandments by man, among others, declaring that there was an urgent need for a change of attitude to life, “if he (man) actually desires to be part of this creation.” Maharaj Ji made this declaration at the weekend while addressing newsmen at the Universal Headquarters of the non-religious group in Iju, Lagos, even as he charged the authorities on the need to look inward on how to tackle the spread of COVID-19 in the country. According to him, it is morally wrong for Nigeria to depend on countries of coronavirus origin for assistance on how to manage the scourge. This was just as he encouraged those intending to self-isolate themselves for some days for fear of contracting the disease to come down to Maharaj Ji Village on Km 10 Ibadan/Lagos in order to receive what he described as: “My Divine Knowledge, the Pump Action Gun of Life that devastates satanic forces in all ramifications within seconds, for them to realize how fortunate we are to have this Divine Grace that empowered Moses to strike the sea with his staff and got it divided into two for the Israelites to cross the Red Sea. “Today, there is mass killing all over the world. The people of Myanmar are unjustly forced to live under sub-human bondage due to racism. Some Indians are denied their citizenship rights on religious and racial grounds. Even nations, who hitherto lay unfounded claim to holiness as humanity’s spiritual fortress are worst culprits in these acts of infamy. “Again, some people have added millipedes, cockroaches, scorpions, all kinds of insects, bats, frogs and even human flesh to their menu list. Advocacy to gay marriage, transgender and oral sex, man and animal canal relationship, gender equality, single parentage, prostitution and women roaming the streets half-naked have all gained their entry and acceptance as normal way of living. “All in all, Coronavirus, Ebola, etc and yet to be known diseases of abomination created by man, out of hatred of himself, have evoked the wrath of seven elements of Creation, namely the Sun, Moon, Star, Air, Water, Fire, and Mother Earth. “They are messengers of Creator given the prerogative power to control and monitor the affairs of the Universe as dictated by situations on ground. These elements are constituents of the human body and there is no way anybody can escape from the karmic reaction arising from their anger,” Maharaj Ji said. While denouncing what he termed as panic measures taken by governments across the globe which had crippled the socio-economic, political and cultural activities, saying it was uncalled for and should be reversed, Maharaja Ji urged strongly that the Blackman should stop aping the whites, or else, get ready for tsunami, tornadoes, earthquake, landslide, etc that are currently ravaging Europe and America. “The Blackman should stop aping the whites, or else, get ready for tsunami, tornadoes, earthquake, landslide, etc that are currently ravaging Europe and America,” he declared. “The Light is here and there is the need for us to look inward on how to tackle the spread of Covid-19 in Nigeria because it is morally wrong for us to depend on countries of coronavirus origin for assistance on how to manage the scourge,” he further counselled. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: UCH CMD Tests Positive For Coronavirus The Chief Medical doctor, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the CMD… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Immigration CG, Babandede, Tests Positive For Coronavirus • He is responding to treatment ― Immigration spokesperson The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Mr Muhammed Babandede, on Sunday confirmed he has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). He had gone into self-isolation after taken ill on his return from a trip to the United Kingdom, with a Deputy Comptroller General overseeing the administration of the service… Read full story Fear Of Coronavirus Hits EFCC The coronavirus pandemic has grounded the operations of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) to a halt. According to findings, the acting chairman of the Commission, Ibrahim Magu has ordered that some measures be put in place to ensure that the virus is contained in the commission’s facility across the country… Read full story COVID-19: Osun Announces Total Lockdown Of State As Oyetola Discloses Second Confirmed Case The Osun State Government has announced the total lockdown of the state, on Tuesday, following the confirmation of the second case of COVID-19. The Government reaffirmed the commitment to shut down all the land boundaries effective from midnight, Sunday, March 29, 2020… Read full story Nigerians Brace For Tough Times As Food Prices Shoot Up With coronavirus ravaging the country and governments announcing closure of markets and malls, prices of foodstuffs and other essential items have begun to shoot up across the country.  And while many Nigerians are reeling under the yoke of tough economic times and unemployment, state governments have started to… Read full article Ondo Explosion: I Prayed Against Death As Church Collapsed On Us –Church Founder I was in the church around midnight when suddenly I heard a loud sound and before I knew what was happening, the whole church had collapsed on me. I started praying, calling for help from the Holy Spirit to save me and others in the church. I started praying against the death of any of the church members under the rubble … Read full interview We Are Working On Palliatives, Makinde Tells Oyo People OYO State Governor, Seyi Makinde, on Saturday, informed residents of the state that his government is already working on palliatives to ease the pressure on them  following the partial shutdown of activities as part of the precautionary measures to curtail the spread of COVID-19… Read full story Victims Count Losses As Explosion Destroys 70 Buildings, Injures 13 In Ondo No fewer than 70 houses were on Saturday destroyed in Eleyowo/Iluabo communities on the Akure–Owo Expressway in Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State when objects suspected to be explosives exploded in the area. The blast, which occurred around 12:57a.m., left about 13 people injured… Read full article 