Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has said that measures are in place to address the socio-economic challenges militating against the development of the state adding that the governing  All Progressives Congress, (APC) is on course in meeting the yearnings and aspirations of the electorate in line with its next level agenda. The Governor who was speaking in Kumo, headquarters of Akko Local Government Area at the flag-off of Youths and Women Empowerment Programme initiated and sponsored by the member representing Akko federal constituency, Hon Usman Bello Kumo assured that the APC led administration will not fail the people of the state. Inuwa Yahaya also said that during the last general elections, the APC pledged change and good governance in their respective capacities and therefore, owe it a duty to keep their words through programmes and projects that will improve the lives of the people they represent. He further said that all elected officials from Gombe state have resolved to adopt a common stand in line with their campaign promises to better the lives of their respective constituents. He added that in the last 10 months, the APC led government in Gombe state has put in place measures that will help address socio-economic challenges and infrastructural decay, vowing to continue to pursue people-oriented policies for the benefit of the citizenry. ALSO READ: PDP urges Nigerians to resist anti-social media bill in Senate The Governor then hailed Usman Bello Kumo for his empowerment initiative of distributing 120 each of motorcycles and sewing machines, power generation sets and a cash donation to over 400 constituents as start-up capital for small scale businesses. He noted that the items and cash grants if properly handled and utilized by the beneficiaries, will no doubt have a positive multiplier effect on their immediate communities and go a long way in improving their economy and reducing unemployment among the youths. He urged other lawmakers to borrow a leaf from Bello Kumo by initiating programmes and projects that have a direct bearing on the lives of their constituents. International Women’s Day: Gov Yahaya describes women… BREAKING: APC to determine Oshiomhole’s fate on… Reps support ease of doing business, pass CAMA bill through… UPDATE: Kano Court sets aside ruling suspending Oshiomole as… The Governor also used the occasion to appreciate President Muhammadu Buhari, National Assembly and the leadership of the All Progressives Congress for the laudable achievements recorded by the Federal government in all facets of human endeavours. Speaking earlier, the Deputy Speaker, House of Representatives, Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase said that what he witnessed in Kumo has apparently shown how satisfied the constituents in Akko Federal Constituency are with Usman Bello Kumo’ s representation at the green chamber. He expressed optimism that the APC has come to stay in the state for no reason other than the style of leadership which people are yearning for, noting that Usman Bello Kumo will be remembered in history as someone who has touched the lives of his constituents in many positive ways. ALSO READ: ICPC introduces anti-corruption clubs in 48 secondary schools In his remarks at the occasion, Usman Bello Kumo, who is also the Chairman of the House Committee on Police Affairs, said that he initiated the empowerment programme in order to support women and youths to be economically independent and self-reliant, reiterating his pledge to remain resolute to the yearnings of his people. Usman Kumo reiterated his loyalty and support to Governor Inuwa Yahaya and the All Progressives Congress. Co-Chairmen of the event, Sen. Sa’idu Umar Kumo and Alhaji Abubakar Habu Muazu commended Usman Kumo for always working in the interest of his people, calling on him to maintain the tempo. Both leaders declared their unalloyed support to the lawmaker and his future aspirations. State APC Chairman, Mr Nitte Amangal also expressed satisfaction with the representation of Usman Bello Kumo at the National Assembly, saying the lawmaker is working in tandem with the party’s ideologies. The highlight of the occasion was the presentation of empowerment items, including motorcycles, sewing machines, power generation sets and other materials as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN