The First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari has warned against allowing workers to continue to report for work while their children have been stopped from going to school over the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. She said it would make no sense to isolate the children only to expose their parents to the disease. In a tweet on Monday on her verified twitter handle, @aishambuhari, she, however, commended the move to close down schools as a way to control the outbreak of the virus. “It is commendable that state governors have closed down schools; however, this could be counterproductive if parents are still going to work. We should not isolate students and expose their parents. Let us remember that they will meet at home,” she tweeted with the hashtags, #TotalLockDown, #StayAtHome. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Submit yourself for screening ―  Abba Kyari orders House of Reps members The First Lady had last week, announced that one of her daughters had self-isolated having returned from the United Kingdom even though, according to her,  the daughter had not displayed any symptoms of the Coronavirus. She also tweeted that, on her part, she had ordered the shutdown of her office at the presidential villa, Abuja, for two weeks. The First Lady has also sympathized with former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, who announced on Sunday night that one of his sons had tested positive for COVID-19. She expressed her deep sense of concern and prayers for his quick recovery. “Your Excellency, It’s with a deep sense of concern that I extend my sincere prayers towards the quick recovery of your dear son. Allah renu en Amin,” she said in a tweet in response to Atiku’s announcement. The former Vice President had tweeted: “My son has tested positive to coronavirus. @NCDCGov has been duly informed, and he has been moved to Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for treatment and management. I will appreciate it if you have him in your prayers. Stay safe, coronavirus is real. -AA.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!