THE Chairman, Seaport Terminal Operators Association of Nigeria (STOAN), Princess Vicky Haastrup, has emphasised the need for the nation’s seaports to remain open at all times while the Federal and State Governments battle to contain the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. “As we face the global public health crisis birthed by the COVID-19, we advise government to ensure that the supply chain is not disrupted and the seaports keep running. Even if other sectors of the economy are shut down to guard against the spread of the virus, the seaports should remain open to ensure that there is no shortage of food, drugs and other essential supply to Nigerians. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE “It is imperative for the fight against COVID-19, the supply of essentials, as well as for increasing the chance of the economic recovery on the other side of the outbreak, that maritime and connected transport is allowed to continue, and that government works actively to support the sector throughout the period of the crisis. “The continued functionality of the ports and port ecosystems is imperative for securing movement of goods at scale, for prevention of shortages and thus for maintenance of public order. “Observations from China during the COVID-19 outbreak show how a top priority given by national leaders to ensure business continuity in ports can help minimise the impact of precautionary measures on the fluidity of trade and port operations. “Central actions were supplemented by local initiative from local logistics and shipping industry. While much of Chinese society was in lockdown during the height of the COVID-19 outbreak, Chinese ports continued operations with minimum disruptions. “This was not least due to the top-down instruction by the Chinese government to stay open and prioritise business continuity in all provinces across the country. “The Chinese experience is reflected in the European Union’s response to COVID-19. The EU guidelines for border management measures to protect health and ensure the availability of goods and essential services issued on March 16, 2020, advised countries to ensure that their control measures did not undermine the continuity of economic activity and should preserve the operation of supply chains.” The STOAN Chairman assured that to guard against the virus’ transmission through the ports, terminal operators are working with the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) to ensure that ships arriving the country report crew list and their health status before being allowed to berth. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!