The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Kaduna Zonal Office has secured the conviction of one Abdulkadir Mohammed Salihu, a former sales assistant of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Kaduna Depot. He was arraigned on three count charges bordering on fraud to the tune of N6 billion, before Justice Z. B Abubakar of the Federal High Court in Kaduna. In a statement signed by the Acting Head, Media and Publicity, Tony Orilade and made available to journalists in Kaduna on Thursday Tony Orilade disclosed that Salihu who was in charge of loading manifest at the Kaduna Depot of the NNPC was arrested on 29th October 2019 and arraigned today, Wednesday, March 25, 2020. He pleaded guilty to the three count charges when it was read to him, paving way for EFCC prosecution lawyer, Deborah Ademu-Eteh to ask for sentencing accordingly. Nigerian Tribune reports that trouble began for the convict when several petitions against him were submitted to the Kaduna Zonal office of the EFCC and upon investigation, it was discovered that he conspired with other marketers to lift petroleum products without payment at NNPC deport, Kaduna State worth over N6 billion. The investigation further revealed that he was part of the cartel behind multiple loading of petroleum products and he committed the fraud between 2009 to 2017 at Kaduna Deport without corresponding payments. Following his guilty plea, Justice Abubakar sentenced the suspect to a term of three years imprisonment with an option of fine to the tune of one million Naira. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Security agents disperse traders in Osun popular market The accused, according to the Judge, will also forfeit the following items: One unit of a three-bedroom apartment and one unit of a two-bedroom boy’s quarter situated at 2 Kpak close, off College Road, Kurmin Mashin, Kaduna; one-storey building containing four bedrooms and one bedroom self-contain with its appurtenances situated at 4 Kpak close, off College Road, Kurmin Mashin, Kaduna; One unit of a three-bedroom apartment with two parlours and one self-contain bedroom situated at 6 Kpak close, off College Road, Kurmin Mashin, Kaduna; a water factory known as Ummus Water and Drinks Ltd, situated at Birnin Yero, Igabi Local Government in Kaduna; one fuel station with four pumps with the name: Aminu and Salihu Ltd, situated at Sabon Gayan, Panturawa, along Saminaka, Jos Road, Kaduna. Other properties forfeited to the Federal Government were five vehicles including one Odyssey Space Bus, one Toyota Tacoma pick-up van, one Toyota RAV 4 Jeep, one Lexus 350 Jeep and one Mitsubishi Petroleum Tanker. The judge also ordered the defendant to forfeit his gratuity and 30% of his monthly pension to the Federal Republic of Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!