Health authorities have begun the fumigation of the presidential villa, Abuja to get rid of coronavirus (COVID-19) that may exist there. This followed the recent positive test for the virus returned by the Chief of Staff (CoS) to the president, Mallam Abba Kyari. Fully kitted officials were seen in the premises on Thursday spraying unknown disinfectant on different entrances, hallways and the president’s office as well as the immediate environment. ALSO READ:COVID-19: Kano shuts borders,to avoid inter-state movement from Friday Even though Julius Berger, the regular maintenance company of the villa had already done some sanitizing of the Aso Chambers, which hosts large meetings involving the president since Kyari’s status was disclosed, the personnel that was sighted on Thursday were thought to have been brought into the villa from a yet to be ascertained outside government agency. The CoS has continued to attend meetings and intermingled with the president, state governors and other top government officials following his return from Europe where he had ostensibly contracted the virus. The presidential has now gone into a partial shutdown as a way to curtail the spread of the virus. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!