There was palpable tension in Kaduna Correction Centre (prison) following a protest by inmates as a result of alleged coronavirus outbreak. However, there were conflicting accounts as to what was responsible for the protest. One account alleged that one of the inmates was sick and they had no inkling whether he was positive for coronavirus or not. Another account was that the inmates were afraid of coronavirus because of the congestion in the cells. It will be recalled that the controller of the Correctional Service, Sanusi Danmusa had in a press conference last week said visitation to the prison had been suspended because of the spread of the coronavirus. However, eyewitness told the Nigerian Tribune that today (Tuesday) the inmates stormed the main gate trying to open it but the warders resisted the attempt by the inmates. According to source, a combined force of military personnel and armed mobile policemen were later drafted to the scene to provide security at the centre. When contacted the Zonal Head of the Correctional Service in charge of Kaduna, Katsina, Jigawa and Kano, Muhammad Babangida Rabiu, confirmed the incident. However, he was quick to add that it was an internal problem which made the inmates to protest, saying, the problem had since been addressed. Rabiu also dispelled the insinuation that the inmates protested because of coronavirus, insisting, it was just a figment of people’s imagination. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Appoints Osinbajo As Chairman, Economic Sustainability Committee President Muhammadu Buhari has set up an Economic Sustainability Committee with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as chairman. He has also okayed financial services providers to operate during the restriction on movements and activities that he imposed on Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States to curtail the spread of coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Governor Makinde Tests Positive, Explains How He Got Infected •Says I remain in self-isolation •Oyo State releases index case after treatment Oyo State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde on Monday confirmed he has tested positive to the rampaging coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19. The governor who tweeted via his personal handle @seyiamakinde on Monday, said that he was asymptomatic and would remain in isolation... Read full story Buhari Signs COVID-19 Regulation, 2020 President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday signed the COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, which declared COVID-19 an infectious disease. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja explained that this is in the exercise of the powers conferred on the president by… Read full story TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: Yet Another Loss From Boko Haram Ambush LAST week, the military high command confirmed the attack on troops by Boko Haram terrorists which led to the death of 47 soldiers in Gorgi, Yobe State. Blaming the massacre on residents of the area, the Coordinator of the Directorate of Defence Media Operations (DDMO), Major-General John Enenche, stated that the slain… Read full article OPINION: Of Coronavirus, Fake News And Charity THE coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, that started in Wuhan, China, late last year has spread to many countries of the world. Coronavirus cases have crossed 330,000, while more than 14,000 deaths have been reported across the world as Europe becomes the new omphalos of coronavirus… Read full article Ondo Blast Victims: How We Escaped Death, Lost Properties A loud explosion that shook houses in the wee hours of Saturday, and violently roused the people of Akure and its environs, left about 70 houses and vehicles badly damaged, while 13 people sustained injuries… Read full story 33-Year-Old Okeho General Hospital Becoming Economic Waste The Okeho General Hospital in Kajola Local Government Area of Oyo State is one of the oldest in the state. It was designed to meet not only the primary but also the secondary health needs of people in Okeho town and environs. However, like most government hospitals across the country and despite the attention… Read full story Eight Strains Of Coronavirus Are Circling The World, Scientists Say At least eight strains of the coronavirus are making their way around the globe, creating a trail of death and disease that scientists around the world are tracking by their genetic footprints… Read full article