The Governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has commended former president, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye for their contributions towards the fight against novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Abiodun on his Facebook handle Prince Dapo Abiodun MFR, also appreciated the founder of FATE Foundation, Mr Fola Adeola and Alhaji Abdulsamad Rabiu, for responding to the state government call for support from individuals, corporate organisations and religious bodies, to contain the disease in the state. The governor noted that both Obasanjo and Adeola donated their property in Abeokuta, the state capital, for isolation centres, while Adeboye donated medical equipment, including Intensive Care Unit (ICU) beds and ventilators. ALSO READ:COVID-19: Ministers donate 50% of March salary to support curbing efforts He added that Rabiu, who is the chairman of BUA, donated a sum of N100 million, and equally pledged medical equipments and supplies to the State Covid -19 Pandemic Support Fund. The governor said,  “I want to personally assure the entire citizenry of Ogun State that I will ensure the judicious use of these donations of funds and property towards the containment of the COVID-19 pandemic. “We are hopeful that, as these appreciated donations contribute significantly to the fight against COVID-19, other well-meaning Nigerians would follow their lead and noble example. “This pandemic poses a collective challenge and together, we must join hands in fighting it. We will confront it. We will slow it down. We will defeat it.” Abiodun added that the State is evaluating its level of preparedness and also deliberating on the steps to take in slowing down the spread of the disease in the state. The governor stated this on Friday when he met with his deputy, Engr. Noimot Salako-Oyedele, the Secretary to the State Government, Mr Tokunbo Talabi and the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Hon. Shuaib Salisu. He said the government is planning relief packages and economic stimulus for the people of the state, as part of measure to flatten the curve of spread. “At this critical time, our people should be rest assured that we will do everything within our reach to ensure their health, safety and overall wellbeing from this unpleasant development,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story Fans Blast Naira Marley, Zlatan Ibile Over Comments On Coronavirus Nigerian rapper, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley and his counterpart, Zlatan Ibile, received some serious bashing from twitter users on Monday when Naira Marley made a comment on the coronavirus pandemic on his twitter handle, which did not go down well with many of his followers. Coronavirus And Sex I want to know if I can catch the Coronavirus from sex. I am a sex worker and isolating myself will make… Read full story Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Nigerian Afrobeats star, David Adeleke, also known as, Davido, has announced that his fiancee, Chioma, has tested positive for coronavirus. Chioma, according to Davido, recently returned from the… Read full story 30 Minutes Of Music A Day May Reduce Post-Heart Attack Problems New research has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day significantly reduces the risk of further heart health problems after a heart attack. A study has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day can… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Gov Imposes Curfew, Bans Inter-State Movement From Sunday Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has imposed a dusk to dawn curfew on the state following the confirmation of two new cases of covid-19 in the state. The governor also announced the suspension of all… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE