Against the backdrop of the COVID-19 (coronavirus) global health threat and the subsequent social restriction orders imposed by governments, at all levels, to enable its containment, the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu Abubakar, on Sunday, ordered all Zonal Assistant Inspectors-General of Police and Commissioners of Police nationwide to ensure that all legitimate orders given in pursuant to the containment efforts were strictly enforced within their areas of jurisdiction. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen, in Abuja, by the Force Public Relations Officer, FPRO, DCP Frank Mba. According to the statement, “the IGP, while urging officers to observe personal safety measures, further directs the Zonal AIGs and Command CPs to ensure that cases of unnecessary arrests and detention of suspects are not condoned.” ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Eko Hotels shuts down major operations The IGP directed that detention of suspects must be reduced to the barest minimum and that only very serious cases such as terrorism, armed robbery, homicide and other non-bailable offences should warrant detention while adequate measures be emplaced to screen persons to be committed into police custody. He enjoined citizens to avoid social visits to police stations and other police offices and minimize official visits, except where absolutely necessary. The statement further added that the IGP had ordered Command CPs to immediately publicise phone numbers of their Command Control Rooms, Area Commanders and Divisional Police Officers (DPOs) and other Tactical Commanders using the conventional and non- conventional media in order to facilitate alternative interacting and reporting options between the Public and the Police According to the statement, in compliance with the Federal Government’s directive that all tertiary institutions be shut, the IGP has ordered the immediate closure of the Nigeria Police Academy as well as all Police Primary and Secondary Schools nationwide. Thee Force Medical Services had also been empowered and directed to step up sensitisation programmes across Commands, Formations and Barracks in the country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!