In a move to bring succour to children of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) particularly in the area of education, two blocks of three classrooms have been constructed at the Comprehensive Day Secondary School Gombe. The construction of the classroom was undertaken by an NGO, ‘The Victim Support Fund (VSF) Nigerian Foundation’  for the support of victims of terrorism who are taking refuge in Gombe State. Technical Officer of VSF, Peter Mathew who handed over the facility to the Commissioner of Education, Dr Habu Dahiru on Tuesday stated that the NGO is concerned about the living situation of children of IDPs in the state. ALSO READ: Man bags four months imprisonment over N1.8m fraud He further said that the decision to embark on the project was informed by the number of Internally Displaced Persons ( IDPs) which is Increasing daily in the state. He explained that two blocks of three classrooms, an Administrative bock with staff room, VIP toilets as well as fencing the school for protection and safety of the school children. Peter Mathew added that two printers and 5.5 KVA generator was equally provided for the school pointing out that most of the IDPs are from Adamawa, Borno and Yobe States taking refuge in Gombe State hosted at various communities because they do not have IDPs camp in the state. The VSF Technical Officer also said that as a result of their integration into the host communities, schools, hospitals and other social amenities were overstretched necessitating the need for more structure. He then commended the contractor that handled the project for completing it within the time frame and doing a quality job that can stand the test of time. While Receiving the facilities on behalf of the state government, the Commissioner of Education, Dr Habu Dahiru thanked VSF for the intervention which he described as timely, considering the daily influx of IDPs into Gombe State. The Commissioner also said that the classrooms constructed will go a long way in alleviating the difficulties a large number of pupils and students are facing in most of the schools across the state. Habu Dahiru then assured the VSF that the facilities provided would be properly utilised and safeguarded appealing to other well-meaning individuals and organisations to emulate what was done in order to improve the standard of education in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS