President Muhammadu Buhari has assured that his administration would take necessary measures to isolate Nigerians from the consequences of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak on the economy. He said the country had foreseen the economic problems that may come in the wake of the pandemic, “and will explore all alternatives to protect her people.” The President spoke Tuesday at State House, Abuja, during a briefing session by the Presidential Economic Advisory Council (PEAC) led by Professor Doyin Salami. He noted that with oil prices oscillating between $29 and 30 in recent times, as opposed to the $57 benchmark for the year 2020 Budget, many variables, including production cost and political impact, determine oil prices, “and we will see how to survive fallen prices, as we already envisaged the problem.” He explained that protecting the people from vagaries of international economic fortunes, and associated fallen prices of oil, is a priority of the government, “and we will do our best to do so.” Stressing the importance of education and healthcare, the President submitted that if people were adequately educated, “they won’t accept any form of mismanagement by leadership, nor would they allow themselves to be manipulated by those promoting ethnic and religious sentiments.” ALSO READ: Ex-Green Eagles defender Idowu Otubusen, known as ‘Slow Poison’, clocks 75 He promised that inputs in agriculture, education and healthcare would continue as much as practicable. According to a statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity), in his briefing, Professor Salami, leading a team of PEAC members, painted sobering scenarios of what could happen to the Nigerian economy, if the Covid-19 pandemic lasted for too long. According to the statement these include; slower growth, as the supply and demand sides of the global economy would be affected, uncertainty, which would erode confidence, governments acting unilaterally instead of cooperatively, further drop in oil prices, and lockdowns gaining grounds around the world. It said there would also be oil glut, trade imbalance, drop in foreign reserves, and rise in unemployment. Noting that many countries around the world may go into economic recession, the PEAC advocated hard work for Nigeria to keep its head above the waters. Recommending, among others, a possible revision of the 2020 Budget, with priority spending on healthcare, reprioritization of expenditure on infrastructure to focus on projects nearing completion with pro-poor effects, curtailing recurrent expenditure, mobilising the private sector to strengthen health sector infrastructure, and boosting of government revenue, the PEAC stressed that the projections may seem dire, but the worst may be avoided with hard work and scrupulous implementation of policies, the statement said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!