The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has suspended regular activities of the commission including monitoring the conventions, congresses, conferences or meetings of political parties until further notice. National Commissioner and Chairman, Information & Voter Education Committee, Barrister Festus Okoye made the disclosure in a statement on Monday. Nigerian Tribune reports that activities to be suspended effective from Tuesday, include non-essential activities, quarterly meetings with political parties, civil society organisations and the media. Okoye said the electoral body took the decision as a preventive measure to fight the deadly scourge, coronavirus. It, however, restated its commitment to September 19 and October 10 for the conduct of Edo and Ondo states governorship elections. The statement read in part: “In view of the coronavirus Pandemic and the preventive and containment measures put in place by the Federal and State Governments and in line with the advisory on social distancing from the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has taken the following additional measures to protect its staff, visitors and the general public. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Osun House of Assembly suspends plenary for 16 days “Effective from Tuesday 24th March 2020, all regular and non-essential activities will be suspended in its headquarters and offices nationwide for 14 days in the first instance. “The regular quarterly meetings with stakeholders, namely: political parties, civil society organisations, the media, security agencies and all other meetings, have been suspended until such a time when normalcy returns. “In addition, the commission will no longer monitor the conventions, congresses, conferences or meetings of political parties until further notice. “The commission reiterates its commitment to openness, consultation and continued communication with its stakeholders and expects all to understand the emergency situation that informed the suspension of contact engagements. The health and wellbeing of all our staff, officials and the general public are of paramount importance to us. “Notwithstanding the measures outlined above, the commission will continue to meet via non-physical contact channels while communication between the commission and its stakeholders will remain open. “For emphasis, the new measures taken do not affect the activities for Edo and Ondo governorship elections scheduled for 19th September and 10th October 2020 respectively. “We will continue to keep the public abreast of developments as they concern our electoral process.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!