The management of the First Technical University, Ibadan, has announced the closure of the institution till after Easter in April. A statement signed by the registrar of the university, Mrs Olayinka Balogun, released on Monday, indicated that the closure was in compliance with government’s directive that academic institutions should shut down to check the spread of coronavirus. The management, however, said lectures would continue via the institution’s online platforms. ALSO READ: NUC approves six programmes for NOUN Balogun said in the statement: “The vice-chancellor, on behalf of the Senate, has approved the closure of the First Technical University (Tech-U), Ibadan, with effect from Monday, 23 March 2020 till after the Easter break in April 2020. “The closure is in compliance with the directive of the Oyo State Government that all private and public schools in the state should shut down to prevent, curtail, control and contain the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in Nigeria in general and Oyo State in particular. “All students are, therefore, expected to vacate the halls of residence latest by the evening of Monday, 23 March 2020. However, the University, being at the edge of technology, will deploy her Learning Management System to continue to deliver lectures and assignments online to students even while they are off-campus. “Meanwhile, both staff and students of the First Technical University are hereby enjoined to adhere strictly to social distancing and other preventive, precautionary and safety measures to curtail further spread of the virus.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!