Co-Chair, Kano State Task Force on COVID-19, Prof. Abdul Razak Habib, has debunked a suspected case of COVID-19 in Kano on Tuesday morning at the Malam Aminu Kano International Airport, (MAKIA). However, it was revealed that the patient flew into Kano with Air Peace Airline and landed at MAKIA at about 8.04 am on Tuesday. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Senate adjourns for two weeks to resume on the 7th of April 2020 A source, who preferred anonymity disclosed that the pilot of the plane before landing notified the airport of a sick passenger on board. However,  upon landing the patient was said to have vomited and was later rushed to hospital by the medical team at the airport. While reacting to the situation Co-Chair, Kano State Task Force on COVID-19, Prof. Abdul Razak Habib said the patient is not a suspected case as all test run on the patient test negative and he does not have the symptoms of COVID-19. His words, ‘’The case is a young man of 17-years old and a first-timer boarding aircraft. Hence the boy boarded the aircraft for the first time and developed phobia.’ NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!