The Nigerian Navy says it will commence the online registration for its 2020 Recruitment on Wednesday, March 11 and closes on April 21. Navy Director of Information, Commodore Suleman Dahun, who announced this in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja, said interested candidates were to apply online at www.joinnigeriannavy.com. He advised applicants to apply once as multiple application/registration would be disqualified. “On submission, applicants are to print out copies of the completed application Forms together with Applicant’s Declaration and Certification by Parent/Guardian Form, local Government Area Certification form, Police Certification Form and Guarantor Form. “Applicants are to come to the designated examination and recruitment centers with copies of their online completed Forms. Application is free of charge,” he said. Dahun said applicants must possess a minimum of 5 credits in not more than 2 sittings in WASCE/SSCE/GCE/NECO/NABTEB (English and Mathematics inclusive). He said applicants must be between the ages 18 and 22 Years or 18 and 26 Years for those with ND, NCE, Nurses and Motor Transport Department (MTD) respectively. “Applicants with qualifications higher than those specified in the guidelines should not apply. ALSO READ: Critics mischievous, my govt following through 102-page Oyo development plan ― Makinde “Applicants must be single and of Nigerian by birth, must not be less than 1.69m tall for males and 1.65m for females. Applicants must read the detailed instructions at www.navy.mil.ng. “The recruitment exercise will commence with the screening of applicant’s credentials and an aptitude test at designated centers nationwide on a date to be announced later. “Applicants are advised in their own interest not to submit multiple online applications. Any applicant with multiple submissions will be disqualified,” he said. Dahun further advised applicants not to give any form of gratification or inducement to any person or group of persons to assist them in the recruitment exercise. “Any applicant who falsifies or forges his/her documents and is discovered at any time will be handed over to the appropriate law enforcement agency for prosecution,” he said. NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS