As a measure to curtail the spread of the COVID-19 infection, Gombe State Government has announced the closure of all entry points to the state just as it has earmarked the sum of N524m for the procurement of consumables needed to fight the infection. The announcement was made by the State Governor, Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya while addressing a press conference Friday afternoon saying that the State Government had so far spent the sum of N524 million for activities aimed at containing the coronavirus in the State. The Governor explained that, on Monday, he ordered the release of the sum of N28 million while N296 million was released to the State Taskforce Committee on COVID-19 for the procurement of all necessities in containing the virus as well as N200 million to Local Government authorities for the same purpose. He further explained that due to the non-compliance with his earlier directives on the closure of all schools in the State and limiting of social gatherings, the administration took some measures which include, suspension of all interstate travels with effect from midnight on Sunday, 29th March 2020. According to him, the border closure, public gathering, travel for both public and private and clubbing stands suspended till further notice while assuring that security personnel will supervise to ensure adherence. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NSCDC deploys 250 personnel in Sokoto Also, Civil servants from grade levels 1 – 12 have been asked to work from home for the next two weeks while only those on essential services like security men, health workers, power and water workers and the likes are allowed movement. The Governor also promised to reach the people through some palliatives to cushion the effects of the restrictions saying, “we will reach the people through a means, we don’t want to make a pronouncement now but we will definitely reach the people with palliatives”. While preaching social distancing and clean hygiene as one of the known preventive measures, Governor Inuwa appealed to the people of the State that fighting the coronavirus is a collective responsibility. He then called on traditional, religious and community leaders to support Government by ensuring that people comply with the latest directives after which he went into a closed session with the head of security operatives in the State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story  Coronavirus: Nigeria Records 14 New Cases Thursday, Total Now 65 14 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed on Thursday, bringing the total number of Nigerians with the virus to 65, as at 8.35 pm. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), 12 were Lagos cases while the remaining two were in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)… Read full story  COVID-19: Founder Of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu Donates N1 Billion To Support Nigeria’s Response To strengthen national response to COVID-19 in Nigeria, industrialist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has announced a donation of N1 billion in cash through the BUA Foundation, and has also placed an order for an additional donation of equipment and medical supplies including testing kits and… Read full story  COVID-19: Fuel Scarcity Back In Abuja, Hawkers Back To Business As the battle against the dreaded coronvirus scourge hots up nationwide, the residents of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja and its environs may have to contend with aquate shortage Petroleum products as long queues of vehicles surfaced on Thursday evening despite restriction of movements order in force… Read full story  Coronavirus: Returnee Who Allegedly Hid Self Discovered At Home In Benue The apprehension in Makurdi, the capital city of Benue State in the past few days over the presence of a returnee (names withheld) who allegedly hid has subsided after he was located by government officials… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!