How have you been able to sustain your career over the years? I always thank God for this because it has not been easy. I have been able to sustain this through God, hard work, support from my family, friends, media, and my fans and of course the music industry. Like it or not, you cannot succeed without all these.  Is the music industry better than you met it? Oh yes, the, industry is a way better. It has been growing both locally and internationally, it might be slow but it is surely improving.  What changes have happened and how were they possible? For example, it is easier for our music to crossover now and we have a lot of international breakouts and recognitions. You see a lot of international deals which weren’t the case before. Now this can happen and it has. Technology played a major role in this and our ability as Nigerians to adapt and embrace new stuffs also made it possible.  When do we expect a new single or album from you? It is an album year (that is, I will be putting out a new album this year). But before then I have a new single that just dropped on 28 February. It is entitled, Fantasy featuring legendary Femi Kuti.  It is still rare to have female artistes feature each other in songs, why is this a problem? How many people have you seen me feature? I don’t feature for the sake of featuring. I record a song, we sit down to listen and determine if it needs a feature or not. If it does then we go for it and if it doesn’t we don’t bother. And so you know I have done a song with Seyi Shay, but you won’t know that because you guys like to make it look like the females have issues.  Your dance hall energy is one way you have carved a niche for yourself, how do you keep up with the tempo as you are getting older too? Please ask Angelique Kidjo first, then come back to me.  PDP set to cut staff strength by 50% Nigeria cannot survive without fundamental restructuring ―… Coronavirus: Lagos discharges 3 suspected patients from… No price too much to pay for security in Nigeria  —Ex AGF,… What impacts have you made with your brand outside singing? I have a NGO called Adopt-A-Child’s-Education. I have students under scholarship there for the past 5 years where I give out books, sport equipment, examination forms (WAEC, JAMB etc); I renovate certain parts of the school. So, in case you are wondering what Niniola does with her money, that’s a part of it.  We read it in the news you were almost featured in the Lion King album, could you clear the air? Hmm, very wrong. Okay, let me inform you; I was credited as a songwriter/composer on the album for the track “Find Your Way Back” and recently got my first cheque. And you know the album got nominated for the Grammys which makes me a Grammy nominee for my participation on the project.  Is there a collaboration your fans should expect from you and your sister Teniola anytime soon? You will know someday.  What’s your relationship status? Everyone knows the answer to this question.  Where do you see yourself in a couple years from now? I really see myself doing a lot more, God has been leading and I just follow. For example, I never thought by now I would have been nominated for a BET Award, SAMAs, and the Grammy etc but I was. So, I go with God.  What words do you have to share to encourage younger ones? Same thing I have always said which is to put God first in all you do. Never stop believing; never let anyone say you can’t do it. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN