The coronavirus is said to be be killing city residents in New York City at the rate of more than one person per hour. According to the New York Post, between the hours of 10 a.m and 6 p.m, about 14 people in New York City have died from the coronavirus, making the total number of deaths in New York City 43. Before Friday, the death was just about 29. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: JNI calls for total border closure New York City Health Commissioner, Dr Oxiris Barbot, has, however, warned that the number of death has more chance of increasing, rather than decreasing, at least for a while. Her words; “I wouldn’t be surprised if we get to a day when we have double-digits new people dying every day,” During that eight-hour period Friday, the city’s positive cases also climbed from 5,151 to 5,683. At 1,750 Brooklyn has the most coronavirus cases followed by 1,514 in Queens, 1,402 in Manhattan, 736 in the Bronx, and 285 in Staten Island. Authorities attribute at least part of the jump to increased testing capacity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story  Edmund Obilo, Popular Ibadan Broadcast Journalist, Quarantined At UCH Over Coronavirus Popular Ibadan-based broadcast journalist, Edmund Obilo, is currently on admission at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, quarantined on suspicion of being a coronavirus case. A source close to Edmund Obilo told Tribune Online that the journalist was admitted on Thursday evening following… Read full story  Five Out Of Six South-West States Backed Ajimobi As APC Deputy National Chairman, Says Oshiomhole The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshionhole, has dismissed the protest of the Ekiti State chapter of the party over the appointment of former Oyo State governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, as the Deputy National Chairman (South), saying that the majority of the… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!