Dignitaries, including Wife of Lagos State governor, Dr Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu; Minister of Youth and Sports, Mr Sunday Dare; former spokesperson of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Mr Ayo Opadokun, among others on Saturday were at the breakfast luncheon to raise money for the development and expansion of premises of 56-year-old Ikate Baptist Church, Surulere, Lagos. Others, who also graced the occasion, include Eniola Akintunde of Cancer Foundation, Chairman, Lagos Mainland, Hon. Kayode Omiyale; Jide Modele, Abayomi Amosun, Toba Daramola, and others. The governor’s wife, Dr Sanwo-Olu, who was represented by was represented by Mrs Cecelia Salako, promised to continue to hold religion and the church in high esteem, noting the key role played by them in the society. The governor’s wife, however, enjoined members to obey the rules of hygiene to prevent the spread of Coronavirus, which is currently ravaging countries of the world. Speaking at the event, Opadokun, who is the chairman of the ‘Expansion Committee, said the project became necessary due to insufficient parking space and a church extension for children and teenagers. ALSO READ: It is worrisome Nigerians take delight in negative stories about Buhari ― Ekiti senator Opadokun likened the expansion project to the expansion of God’s Kingdom on earth, recalling that the 56-year-old was founded in 1964 while its founding fathers had all gone to the great beyond. According to him, the church currently has no parking space, saying such situation had occasioned vehicles of members parked outside the premises being vandalised during vigils, adding that the children also needed a space for spiritual meetings. “We want to do what Nehemiah did in the history of Jews. When the building is acquired, surveyors, architects and engineers will reconfigure the space so that we can have a parking lodge,” Opadokun said. The church minister, Rev. Jide Adetutu, in his remark, urged members and well-meaning Nigerians to partner with God with their resources for church development. A church elder, Deacon Oyelakin Arogundade, in his welcome address, reminded the congregation of the theme for the year, ‘Running The Race,’ urging them to run a good race on earth to win the ultimate crown. The cleric assured that the church, which is affiliated with the Baptist Convention, would remain devoted to evangelism. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!