The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), International Oil Companies (IOCs) as well as Independent Oil Companies in the Upstream and Downstream Sectors, have donated N11billion to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) as part of its support to combat the Coronavirus pandemic in the Country. Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Mallam Mele Kyari, made this disclosure during a press briefing at the NNPC Towers in Abuja on Friday, according to a release by the Corporation’s Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru. Mallam Kyari said in recognition of the impact of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on the Nigerian population and the economy, the Nigeria Oil and Gas Industry embarked on an Industry-wide collaborative initiative to support the effort to combat the pandemic and its attendant impact. “The intervention initiative is in alignment with the ongoing Federal Government’s efforts and in collaboration with the NCDC to curb the pandemic. It is aimed at supporting our national healthcare delivery facilities and covers three key thematic areas: Provision of medical consumables; Deployment of logistics and in-patient support system; and Delivery of medical infrastructure. The three thematic support initiatives amount to $30million (N11bilion naira) and will be delivered in phases, starting today,” Mallam Kyari informed. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Kwara considers palliative measures for poor residents He noted that the increasing demand for medical services, medical consumables covering testing kits, medical protective suits and ambulances to the highly impacted areas across the federation informed the intervention of the Oil Industry. The NNPC helmsman added that as a responsive and responsible Industry, the Oil and Gas Industry is taking this action to strengthen the collective national resolve to stem the pandemic. He stated that the effort was a collaboration between the NNPC and its partners in the Upstream and Downstream Sector of the nation’s oil and gas value chain. The NNPC GMD stressed that as a National Oil Company, the corporation on its own, would equip the intensive care unit of the University of Abuja Teaching hospital with 16 beds; provide ventilators and a dedicated laboratory, declaring that the medical infrastructure would be made available to the hospital immediately. Mallam Kyari said Nigeria needed the Oil and Gas Industry now and always, saying the Industry was prepared to make further contributions to the fight against COVID-19 pandemic. Some of the medical items to be donated to the NCDC include 200 ambulances, 86 ventilators, 2,000 test kits, over 4,000 coveralls and laboratory equipment. Other items include one diagnostic centre and several medical equipments. The Coronavirus pandemic has ravaged the world in recent times, infecting the high and the low around the globe. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE