Founder of Christ for All Peoples Church, Ojoo, Lagos State, Prophet Samuel Oyadara, has urged Nigerians to pray now that God should send a David quickly to deliver the country from the grip of those he described as evil leaders. Oyadara made the call in a short statement made available to TribuneChurch, disclosing that God was searching for a David that would rescue Nigeria from the hands of those evil leaders. The cleric, while saying that his daily prayer is that God should send this David before all those evil leaders pass on, added that he also looked to the day that the properties illegally acquired by  those leaders “will become government’s own.” “God is searching for David that will deliver Nigeria from the hand of the evil leaders. “I am looking forward to the day that the property of those evil leaders would become government’s own. “My prayer everyday is that God should send this David before all those evil leaders die. Nigeria pray now that God should send us David quickly,” Oyadara said.  US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!