The Ondo State Independent Electoral Commission (ODIEC), on Friday said the State local government elections scheduled to hold on April 18, 2020 has been postponed indefinitely over the spread of COVID-19. The Chairman of Commission, Prof. Yomi Dinakin, who disclosed this in Akure, Ondo State capital, said the postponement became necessary in order to prevent the spread of the deadly Coronavirus. Dinakin who had last week insisted that the council polls would hold despite the threat of the spread of COVID-19 made a u-turn on Friday saying this is to ensure the safety of the electorates. He disclosed that the 10 political parties participating in the local government election in the state have agreed to the postponement because they could not hold any campaign rallies. The ODIEC boss said the political parties had to comply with the directives of the Ondo state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu on the ban on political rallies and gatherings to curb the spread of Coronavirus. ALSO READ: Matawalle’s mandate God-given ― Secondus Dinakin however, noted that the preparedness of the commission might be jeopardised by unforeseen circumstances during the conduct of the election and the need to put the election on hold. According to him, it might be difficult to control the crowd on election day and this will be against the rules against ensuring the safety of the people in contacting the virus. Dinakin however, said the commission would monitor development on the COVID-19 and get in touch with all the political parties to announce a new date for the Ondo LG election. He expressed optimism that the federal government would also postpone the implementation of its policy that all local councils in the country must have elected officials by May this year. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story  Coronavirus: Nigeria Records 14 New Cases Thursday, Total Now 65 14 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed on Thursday, bringing the total number of Nigerians with the virus to 65, as at 8.35 pm. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), 12 were Lagos cases while the remaining two were in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)… Read full story  COVID-19: Founder Of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu Donates N1 Billion To Support Nigeria’s Response To strengthen national response to COVID-19 in Nigeria, industrialist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has announced a donation of N1 billion in cash through the BUA Foundation, and has also placed an order for an additional donation of equipment and medical supplies including testing kits and… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!