Plateau State Government has condemned flagrant disregard by some groups and individuals to the preventive measures put in place to avoid the spread of coronavirus into the state and threatened that henceforth, anyone who violates the directive will be sanctioned accordingly. It would be recalled that Plateau State Government met with critical stakeholders like traditional rulers, religious leaders, the political class and others last week to workout preventive measures against Coronavirus. Among the decisions taken were the suspension of anniversaries, cultural festivals, restriction of wedding and burial ceremony to family members of not more than 50 members, a spacing of 2 meters in all places of worship among other measures. But when Nigerian Tribune visited some of the places of worship in Jos on Sunday, these directives were not adhered to, the sitting arrangements were still clumsy while many allowed worshippers into their churches without applying hand sanitizer and washing of hands. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bauchi orders immediate closure of schools across state Worried by the flagrant disregard to the directives, the State Government in a statement signed by State Commissioner of Information and Communication, Mr. Dan Manjang threatened that it would henceforth sanction anyone or group who violated the directives. “Of particular note is the non-compliance of the outright suspension of anniversaries and cultural festivals. It is in this light, therefore, that government frowns at this attitude” It, therefore, called on such groups and individuals to desist from disrespect to constituted authority and comply forthwith threatened that failure to do so will attract appropriate sanctions by government. He said: “Though Government is aware of the rights of people to assemble, such rights may not be exercised in view of the danger it poses to the generality of the people and even organizers of such events. Let us think Plateau and act Plateau.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  APC Crisis: Oshiomhole And The Tortuous Road To Edo, Ondo Governorship Race The plot to oust the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, has turned out to be an anticlimax. Meetings of the strategic organs of the party, the national caucus and the National Executive Committee (NEC), were shelved following the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story  Coalition: Makinde, Lanlehin, Alli, Ayorinde In 4-Hr Reconciliation Meeting TOWARDS straightening out wrinkles in the coalition that birthed the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) government of Governor.  Seyi Makinde in Oyo State, leaders of the coalition met behind closed-door in Ibadan, the state capital, on Friday night… Read full story  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story  Five Out Of Six South-West States Backed Ajimobi As APC Deputy National Chairman, Says Oshiomhole The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshionhole, has dismissed the protest of the Ekiti State chapter of the party over the appointment of former Oyo State governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, as the Deputy National Chairman (South), saying that the majority of the… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!