NASRUL-LAHI-L-FATIH SOCIETY (NASFAT) has condoled with victims of the gas pipeline explosion at Abule Ado in Amuwo Odofin Local Government Area of Lagos State. In a statement signed by its publicity secretary, Akeem Yusuf, NASFAT sympathised with the families whose loved ones were killed or injured and those who lost property to the disaster. While commending all emergency response agencies for their swift response, the organisation commiserated with the Lagos State government over the incident. “We commiserate with the Lagos State government and commend all emergency response agencies that work to put the explosion under control. We pray to Almighty Allah for His protection over the country. May He comfort all those who are affected,” it said. NASFAT also called on government at all levels and all relevant agencies to ensure diligence to forestall a recurrence.     NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Senator Shuaibu Returns To APC Secretariat Says I’m Not Sure Oshiomhole Will Heed My Advice Estranged deputy national chairman, North of the All Progressives Congress, Senator Lawan Shuaibu returned to the party national secretariat on Wednesday. Recall that the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole announced the reversal of the suspension of Senator Shuaibu and the… Read full story  Covid-19: Lagos Govt To Shut Down Schools From Monday Lagos State government said it is closing down all public and private schools in the state from Monday, 23rd March 2020 as part of the preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The State Commissioner for Education, Mrs. Folashade Adefisayo, disclosed this in a statement made available to… Read full story  FG Reduces Petrol Price To N130 From N145 The Federal Government may have directed the reduction in the petrol price from N145 per litre to about N130. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, had last week said the government was in consultation with relevant stakeholders on the possibility of reducing the petrol price following the crash… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!