THE Federal Government has decried the daily theft of about 400,000 barrels of Nigeria’s crude oil. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, lamented exposure of Nigeria’s oil infrastructure to oil thieves, as he revealed that the nation is losing about 400,000 barrels of crude oil daily to crude oil theft. Gbajabiamila, who said this at a public hearing on crude oil theft; explained that money from crude oil stolen from the country would have been appropriated and used to improve the nation’s educational and health care system. COVID-19: Stay At Home, FG Advises Senior Citizens • May consider travel ban, large gathering restrictions He drew the attention of the public hearing to similar investigations carried out in the past; but lamented that the practice has continued unabated leading to huge financial loss to the country. Gbajabiamila, however, expressed confidence that the present investigation will go a long way to address the challenge in the sector. The Chairman of the Adhoc Committee and Deputy Leader of the House, Peter Akpatason, said the house delayed the investigation as a result of the reluctance of some stakeholders to make available relevant information to aid the work of the committee.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES COVID-19: Stay At Home, FG Advises Senior Citizens • May consider travel ban, large gathering restrictions There is a strong indication that the Federal Government may consider travel ban and place restrictions on large gathering; as the country confirmed a new case of COVID-19 in Lagos. The Federal Government has, however, advised the senior citizens and those with existing underlying medical conditions to stay at home… Read full story  US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  Defection: You Are An Ungrateful Soul, APC Replies Segun Oni The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has declared it was not surprised with the imminent defection of the former governor of the state, Chief Segun Oni from the party to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).  Oni, a former deputy national chairman of the APC while speaking in an exclusive chat with… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!