A Wuse Zone 6 Magistrates’ Court, sitting in Abuja, on Monday sentenced a 39-year-old man, Abba Tukur, to 14 days imprisonment for insulting the Divisional Police Officer of Wuse Police Station. Tukur of IBA Harnna street, Wuye Abuja was charged with a one-count charge of intentional insult. Tukur pleaded guilty to the charge and begged the court for forgiveness. In his ruling, Magistrate Ahmed Ndajiwo sentenced Tukur to 14 days imprisonment, after he pleaded guilty and begged the court for leniency. The Judge, however, gave the convict an option to pay N5, 000 as fine and cautioned him to be a responsible citizen and desist from breaking the law. Earlier, the Prosecutor, ASP Peter Ejike, FCT Command, told the court that on March 18, at about 9.30 pm, Whisky 6 Patrol team attached to Wuse Zone 3 Police Station, were out on patrol. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Kaduna orders workers below level 12 to stay at home, to impose curfew if… The Prosecutor explained that the patrol team which was headed by Insp. Ozioma Edank while on patrol arrested Tukur with a motorcycle around Wuse Zone 3, Abuja. Ejike said the convict who was arrested and taken to the police station for his disobedience, walked into the DPO’s office and began to insult him intentionally. He stressed that during police investigation, Tukur admitted to have committed the crime. He said that the offence contravened the provisions of Section 399 of the Penal Code Law. NAN Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story  Man With Coronavirus Stayed In Ibadan For Two Weeks Undetected ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government announced Wednesday evening that a man who tested positive for coronavirus stayed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital for two weeks before moving to Ekiti State where his status was confirmed. The disclosure created apprehension across Ibadan and Ekiti state where the extensive trace of… Read story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!