A Bishop from Adamawa State who was the executive secretary of the state’s Christian pilgrims welfare board has been jailed five years for pocketing money meant for Christian pilgrimage to Israel. The Bishop, Jingi Mayo, was on Monday, March 23, sentenced by Justice Nathan Musa of the Adamawa State High Court following his arraignment by the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) for corruption. ALSO READ: Kano debunks suspected COVID-19 case at airport Bishop Mayo was the executive secretary of the board between 2016 and 2017 and was sentenced to prison after he was found guilty of a 3-count charge contrary to the provisions of sections 16, 19 and 25(1)(a) of ICPC Act. The convict was charged to court on January 30, 2019, for diverting and furnishing of false return in respect of the sum of N69,198,600 which was meant for the 2016 Christian Pilgrims operation to Israel and diverted the amount for personal use. “The convict was sentenced to five years imprisonment by Adamawa High Court presided by Justice Nathan Musa, for diverting government money and making  false statement to the officer of the commission,” a statement from the ICPC read in part. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!