Feminist movement have campaigned and continued to campaign for women’s right including the right to vote, hold public office, work for equal pay, right to education, have maternity leave and equal rights within marriage. The nature of feminism that women are agitating in this generation has moved from a contest of seeking superiority to the perspective of equity and equality. Feminism is the belief that men and women should have equal right and opportunities; this means that women should have every right a man has not that they should be superior to men like the one we see women agitating for. Some scholars consider feminist campaigns to be a force behind major historical societal changes for women’s right but the question is do female of this generation know that feminism preaches justice, impartiality and not power tussle nor superiority? This version of feminism cause more damages to the camp of women, the struggle of power with men can’t be achieved easily. The woman out there should prepare for bad days because nature won’t be fair all days The today movement is of quantity than quality which makes it difficult for women to come to the front stage of the politics, let women prepare themselves intellectually, financially and most importantly morally in order for the entire world to trust them with power.  Oluwaseun Felix Ajayi oluwaseunfelixajayi@gmail.com  Man With Coronavirus Stayed In Ibadan For Two Weeks Undetected ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government announced Wednesday evening that a man who tested positive for coronavirus stayed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital for two weeks before moving to Ekiti State where his status was confirmed. The disclosure created apprehension across Ibadan and Ekiti state where the extensive trace of… Read story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!