Sokoto State Governor, Rt. Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal has urged the newly sworn-in members of National Youth Service Corps(NYSC) to be patriotic and security conscious during the one year compulsory of their national service. The governor stated this at Wamakko, Sokoto State permanent orientation camp on Thursday during the swearing-in of Batch A stream 1, 2020 corps members posted to the state. Tambuwal, who was represented by Head of Service Dr Buhari Bello Kware, enjoined the corps members to be patient and receptive to all instructions that would launch them into a unique process of patriotic service to the nation. He further assured them of guaranteed security just like any other indigene and residents of the state. The Governor advised them to take the skills acquisitions program during the orientation course seriously in order to be well equipped for self-employment after service. “On our part as a government we will leverage to give maximum support to the scheme,” he said. In her remarks, the chairperson of NYSC governing board in the state and acting permanent secretary ministry of Youth, Sports and Development Hajia Luba Usman thanked the governor for his continuous support to the scheme. She enjoined the corps members to reciprocate the gesture by putting all their best in rendering service to the people of the state. ALSO READ: ATBU ASUU joins two weeks warning strike over IPPIS She intimated the newly sworn-in corps members that Sokoto is one of the states that is regular in the payment of state allowance to corps members. Speaking earlier, the state coordinator of the NYSC, Mr Philip Enatonme Enaberue, while welcoming the corps members to the state, stressing that Sokoto is the most peaceful state in the country. Enaberue added that “camp life has not been designed to make you comfortable and enjoyable rather, it is regimented and deliberately designed to introduce you to the ideas of national service”. He implored the corps members to understand the people of the state and their cultures and enjoined them to brace up for the challenges ahead. “There are rules and regulations guiding your stay on camp I enjoin you to observe them he added. The coordinator divulged that as part of been alerted to the coronavirus epidemic 13 medical personnel from Sokoto specialist hospital were on the ground for surveillance ranging from medical doctors, pharmacists, nurses and laboratory scientists. The chief judge of Sokoto state justice Muhammad Sa’idu Sifawa represented by justice Aminu Garba Sifawa administered oath on the 1840 corps members comprising 893 males and 947 females. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!