An earthquake has rocked Croatia’s capital Zagreb, damaging buildings and leaving cars crushed by falling chunks of masonry. A teenager is in a critical condition after a roof collapsed, local media say. The spire of the city’s cathedral also snapped off. After Sunday’s tremor, Zagreb’s mayor urged people to return to their homes given fears about the coronavirus. The 5.3-magnitude quake is the largest to affect the city in 140 years. Panicked residents ran out into the streets when it struck around 06:00 local time and were initially told to stay out by authorities. “Keep your distance. Don’t gather together. We are facing two serious crises, the earthquake and the epidemic,” Interior Minister Davor Bozinovic said. However, Mayor Milan Bandic later said they should return home. “Eighty per cent of Zagreb residents live in structures that have reinforced concrete structures,” he said. ALSO READ: Germany to issue ban on contact between more than two people The BBC’s Guy Delauney in the region says the earthquake acted as a cue for some residents to head for their holiday homes on the coast. But by early afternoon police had closed motorway toll booths and set up control points to prevent people from entering coastal districts, our correspondent reports. Croatia has more than 200 infections of the new coronavirus. Several buildings were damaged, including the parliament. People in southern Austria and Slovenia also felt the tremor. (BBC) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  APC Crisis: Oshiomhole And The Tortuous Road To Edo, Ondo Governorship Race The plot to oust the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, has turned out to be an anticlimax. Meetings of the strategic organs of the party, the national caucus and the National Executive Committee (NEC), were shelved following the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story  Coalition: Makinde, Lanlehin, Alli, Ayorinde In 4-Hr Reconciliation Meeting TOWARDS straightening out wrinkles in the coalition that birthed the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) government of Governor.  Seyi Makinde in Oyo State, leaders of the coalition met behind closed-door in Ibadan, the state capital, on Friday night… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!