The wife of Anambra State Governor, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano, has urged residents in the state to inculcate the habit of using the global prescribed sanitizers and other preventive measures to fight against the trending coronavirus in the country. Mrs. Obiano, who made the call at the 2020 world water day campaign held in Awka, on Saturday, also said that this Year’s World water Day was to draw the attention of the people on the major issues affecting the accessibility of water and sanitation facilities in the state such as the sustainability of water and sanitation projects. The governor’s wife, represented by the Managing Director, Transport Company of Anambra State (TRACAS) Mrs. Ify Madukasi, stressed the importance of the 179 communities to take ownership of their water facilities by ensuring that they set aside funds towards the operation and maintenance of their water facility in their various areas. She, however, enjoined all community members in the state to provide adequate security for their facilities against theft, adding that despite government’s effort, water may become inaccessible to communities when components of water facility are stolen. She noted that the state government in collaboration with coalition of Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs), operating in the state is working towards providing safe water in the state while emphasizing that this year’s awareness is being created on the importance environmental sanitation and hygiene. With Theme; Water And Climate Change. ALSO READ: Group laments spate of violence in Igala land She added that improved hygiene campaign will bring about the intention to change hygiene behavior in our environment. In his part, the lawmaker, representing Ihiala one state constituency in Anambra state House of Assembly and the chairman, house committee on Water Utility, Hon. Chidi Udemadu, tasked all institutions to ensure the provision of safe water supply in their communities as contaminated water will put them at the risk of water-borne diseases. According to him, there is a need for all relevant stakeholders to play active parts in the management of the water and sanitation facilities, especially now that the World is battling the scourged of coronavirus. He urged the public to follow the preventive measures given by the federal government in order not to be a victim of the virus. Speaking also at the event, the Senior Special Assistance to Governor Obiano, on Donors Agencies, Mrs. Mary Ogugua, educated the participants on the existing policy and law in the water and sanitation sector which provided for water facilities in different settlement in the State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!