EMIRATES has announced that it was providing customers more flexibility, choice and value through its newly introduced waiver policy for all booked tickets issued on or from March 7 to 31, 2020, allowing customers across its network the choice of changing their travel dates without charge and re-issuance fees. The move according to the airline, “provides Emirates customers with peace of mind should they decide to change their travel plans due to the evolving COVID-19 situation. Customers can change their booking to any date for travel within an 11 month date range in the same booking class without change penalties. Difference in fare, if applicable, applies. The policy covers all existing destinations across the Emirates network.” According to the Chief Commercial Officer, Emirates Airline, Adnan Kazim: “We want our customers to feel fully supported, comfortable and confident when making travel plans, while offering them the best fares, without incurring change fees should they decide to delay or adjust dates. The situation remains dynamic and we will continue to look at ways to provide flexibility, convenience and peace of mind for our customers. “Emirates Skywards will also be providing more flexibility to its members who have been impacted by the outbreak of the coronavirus through imposed travel restrictions and flight reductions. Skywards Platinum, Gold and Silver members can maintain their current status by fulfilling 80 per cent of their tier travel requirements between March 31 andJune 30, 2020. In addition, Skywards members booked to travel betweenMarch 1 and June 30, 2020, will be able to benefit from an additional 20 per cent bonus tier Miles. “For additional peace of mind, Emirates is also taking its aircraft cleaning process to the next level through additional precautionary measures of implementing enhanced disinfecting procedures after flights from destinations most affected by COVID-19.  If the airline is alerted to any suspect or confirmed cases of infectious diseases, teams will be immediately deployed for a deeper cleaning to thoroughly disinfect all cabins of that aircraft with stronger, approved chemicals.” According to the airline, customers are advised that fare differences or applicable taxes may apply if they wish to change their bookings to a different fare class while current refund and rebooking conditions for tickets issued before March 5 still apply. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!