Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) caucus in the House of Representatives on Monday resolved to meet with all the stakeholders involved in the lingering crisis including APC governors and members of the National Working Committee (NWC) and National Executive Council (NEC), over on the removal of the APC national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. Speaking after the meeting which lasted for over one hour, the majority leader, Hon. Ado Doguwa disclosed that the caucus aligned with the decision of President Muhammadu Buhari to suspend the scheduled NEC meeting slated for Tuesday. The lawmakers also described as unlawful the ruling of the FCT High Court which suspended Comrade Oshiomhole from performing his duties. Hon. Doguwa said: “When we have such issues to deliberate on, we come to this type of platform engage ourselves, interact and find way forward. Normally, we dissect issue that has to do with our legislative responsibilities and of course, some other matters. “Issues that have to do with politicking. I don’t want to call it a crisis. They are permutations, the give and take against 2023, that is going on in the party. And that is only political. ALSO READ: New funding model underway for Nigerian military ― Gbajabiamila “Members have agreed to allow stakeholders at various levels to engage. And thank God you’ve seen as things are going on, even the Judicial intervention are unfolding. “We have decided also to joining hands with the Executive Arm of government to make sure that whatever comes to the APC is addressed with all sense of due process, proceedings and procedures. All members have agreed to continue to engage themselves. “Mr President has said it, even the controversial meeting that is supposed to hold tomorrow is now shelved and adjourned. So there are some of the things we discussed,” Hon. Doguwa explained. While responding to questions bothering on the division among APC membership, the majority leader said: “There are no gaps. The APC will continue to wax stronger and stronger but as politics and politicians, we have to play politics.” Meanwhile, out of about 160 APC members in the House, over 70 members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) including some members of the Body of Principal Officers were absent at the caucus meeting held at Committee Room 034 on Monday evening. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!