President Donald Trump insisted Tuesday that he wants the coronavirus lockdown relaxed in the United States by mid-April, warning that keeping the measures in place could “destroy” the country. “A lot of people agree with me. Our country – it’s not built to shut down,” he said on Fox News. “You can destroy a country this way by closing it down.” “I would love to have the country opened up and just raring to go by Easter,” Trump said. Easter is on April 12. Social distancing and quarantine measures have been instituted across much of the United States, bringing the world’s biggest economy to an abrupt halt. Health experts have advised the measures are the only way to prevent the easily transmitted, potentially fatal illness from multiplying uncontrollably. In the chat show format interview with Fox at the White House, Trump made it clear that he thinks the shutdown has been an overreaction. ALSO READ: Brazil’s Maracana Stadium converted to open hospital to treat coronavirus patients “We lose thousands and thousands of people a year to the flu. We don’t turn the country off,” Trump argued. “We lose much more than that to automobile accidents. We didn’t call up the automobile companies to say, ‘Stop making cars. We don’t want any cars any more,'” he said. With his November reelection campaign also on hold, Trump is eager to get back into the fray. One of his main claims to a second term, prior to the coronavirus outbreak, was the strong economy and low unemployment. “We can’t lose a Boeing, we can’t lose some of these companies,” he said. “If we lose those companies we’re talking about hundreds of thousands of jobs, millions of jobs.” (AFP) FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!