Kwara State Government on Friday commended the people of the state for the excellent compliance with the partial lockdown of movement to prevent the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) to the north-central state.  Deputy Governor and Chairman of the State Technical Committee on COVID-19 Kayode Alabi told a news briefing in Ilorin that the compliance with the restrictions that began early Friday showed people’s understanding of the magnitude of the threat and appreciation of government’s efforts to enforce social distancing and protect the people. He specifically commended the traditional and religious institutions, transport unions and opinion moulders for standing with the government’s efforts. Alabi, however, clarified that fuel stations and banks have not been shut as they are in the same category with food and drug merchants which are critical for survival. He warned against arbitrary hike in the price of essential commodities, saying: “The humanity is faced with a serious threat from a virus that has infected hundreds of thousands and killed thousands other worldwide. The least we need is exploitative attitude from suppliers and merchants of essential commodities at this critical time.” The statement read: “The Committee commends the people of Kwara State for excellent compliance even as we continue to monitor developments across Nigeria and beyond. The committee commends our royal fathers, religious leaders, opinion moulders, the transport unions and other stakeholders for their huge support for the measures so far taken. We will continue to seek their maximum support and review situations as we face down this threat. “The committee wishes to state that apart from the equipment newly installed at the isolation centre, brand new ICU equipment is today being installed at the Sobi Specialist Hospital to strengthen our preparedness. Even then, we wish to state that our priority as a government is to ensure that Kwara is free from this virus through various preventive measures we have taken and are still taking. ALSO READ: Covid-19: Six sick vessel passengers visited oil rig offshore Lagos ― NPA “The Committee seriously frowns at the pocket of violations of the lockdown which are a threat to public health. The Committee warns defaulters to desist as the implementation committee has been given the mandate to enforce compliance with all measures put in place to safeguard Kwara from this deadly virus. We repeat: any violation of these measures is a threat to our existence. “The committee today met with His Royal Highness the Emir of Ilorin and Chairman of the Traditional Council Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari who not only commended the government’s measures but also expressed unreserved support of the council for all the measures adopted by the committee, especially the partial lockdown which is meant to enforce social distancing and protect all of us. His Royal Highness assured the government that the council and opinion moulders would continue to tell the public of the need to stay at home and be safe. This is because this virus is no respecter of anybody. The government is very grateful to His Royal Highness and the entire members of his council. “Committee hereby clarifies that fuel stations and banks are considered essential and they have not been asked to shut down. The government urges petroleum marketers to dispense fuel as there is no basis for any scarcity. The government appeals to people to avoid creating artificial scarcity. “The committee seriously frowns at reports of hike in the price of commodities, especially food and other essentials. Humanity is faced with a serious threat from a virus that has infected hundreds of thousands and kills NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story  Coronavirus: Nigeria Records 14 New Cases Thursday, Total Now 65 14 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed on Thursday, bringing the total number of Nigerians with the virus to 65, as at 8.35 pm. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), 12 were Lagos cases while the remaining two were in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)… Read full story  COVID-19: Founder Of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu Donates N1 Billion To Support Nigeria’s Response To strengthen national response to COVID-19 in Nigeria, industrialist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has announced a donation of N1 billion in cash through the BUA Foundation, and has also placed an order for an additional donation of equipment and medical supplies including testing kits and… Read full story  COVID-19: Fuel Scarcity Back In Abuja, Hawkers Back To Business As the battle against the dreaded coronvirus scourge hots up nationwide, the residents of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja and its environs may have to contend with aquate shortage Petroleum products as long queues of vehicles surfaced on Thursday evening despite restriction of movements order in force… Read full story  Coronavirus: Returnee Who Allegedly Hid Self Discovered At Home In Benue The apprehension in Makurdi, the capital city of Benue State in the past few days over the presence of a returnee (names withheld) who allegedly hid has subsided after he was located by government officials… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story    SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!