Security operatives scrambled to stop an unidentified man who wanted to jump at President Muhammadu Buhari during a photo session in Argungu, Kebbi State on Thursday. A video of the incident trended online Thursday night The man had approached the president who posed with other dignitaries and attempted to reach him but was quickly wrestled down by the security cordon around the president. Oshiomhole’s camp jittery as Obaseki convenes South-South… His mission was not clear, but presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, explained later that the man was simply over-excited without knowing the security implications of his manner of approach. “The man had approached the president who posed with other dignitaries and attempted to reach him but was quickly wrestled down by the security cordon around the president..” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES We Won’t Devalue Naira, Foreign Reserves Adequate ― CBN Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Thursday night said it had enough foreign exchange reserves to maintain the current value of the naira. In a statement, the apex bank said it had set security agencies on the track of currency speculators who were causing panic in the market… READ FULL Sanusi’s Dethronement: Soyinka Berates Ganduje Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, on Thursday, berated Kano State governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, over his removal of Emir Muhammadu Sanusi II from the throne, describing him as the most notorious public face of disorder… READ FULL Coronavirus: Uganda Restricts Travel From 16 Countries Including UK And US Uganda has restricted visitors from some countries with what it terms high cases of coronavirus, including China, France, Germany, Iran, Italy, South Korea, and Spain. “Government has decided to ask travellers from the affected countries not to come to Uganda because the high cases they are reporting can easily be imported into the country,” the country’s health minister Jane Ruth Aceng said in a statement earlier this week… READ FULL NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!