In line with the directives of both the Federal Government and the National Universities Commission (NUC) to close all Tertiary Institutions in the country, the management of KolaDaisi University, Ibadan (KDU-I) has approved a month inter-semester break for its students with effect from Monday, 23 March 2020. This was contained in memorandum co-signed by the vice-chancellor and registrar of KolaDaisi university, Professor Luke Kolade Ayorinde, and Mrs Omotayo, to all students. All other students, as stated in the memo were expected to vacate the campus latest by Monday, 23 March 2020; with the exception of the Stream B students. It stated also that the Stream B students would vacate the campus on Saturday, 28 March 2020, after the completion of their lectures. ALSO READ: Britain seeking 250,000 volunteers to help health service Meanwhile, all the Stream B Students are to make themselves available at the University Health Centre for their temperature check. The students were advised to maintain social-distances while at home by avoiding large gatherings like parties, clubbing, movies, galleries, among others. The three hundred level students who are involved in the SIWES and Industrial Training orientation programmes were also enjoined to wait till Tuesday, 24 March, 2020, before leaving on the campus Wednesday, 25 March, 2020. The proactive measure according to the management was in the best interest of students as they were implored to keep in touch with updates on the university website or reach the Students’ Affairs Unit. Also in another memorandum circulated in the institution (KolaDaisi), titled ‘Management of Corona Virus disease, COVID-19,’all members of staff were charged to adhere to the recommendations and directives from the World Health Organisation (WHO) and other Health related bodies on personal hygiene; keeping away from large gathering of people such as parties, clubbing and so forth. “The University on its part will make sanitizers available and regular temperature checks at the gate and in offices of staff would be embarked on. All members of staff are expected to please cooperate with the security guards at the gate. “Please note that the closure of the university affects only the students, while all members of staff are expected to be at their duty posts,” the memo stated. In the same vein, the authorities of the Lead City University, Ibadan have announced the closure of the institution for one month, commencing from Monday, 23 March, 2020 as part of the measure to contain and prevent the spread of COVID-19. In another development, the management of The Polytechnic, Ibadan has closed down the institution till further notice. According to the management, “students will be communicated of re-opening as soon as possible. All students are therefore requested to vacate the Halls of residence immediately.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!