The Lagos State government has promised to organise live subject teaching programmes on television and radio stations during this period that students are at home over coronavirus pandemic. The government has also advised the parents not to send their children to any tutorial centres for an extra lesson at this period, rather hook on to the live teaching programmes when started. The state’s Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, gave the promise while meeting the Private Schools Association at Alausa Secretariat on Friday. ALSO READ: Lagos explosion: Governors forum donates N2bn to Lagos State She said the state’s government-sponsored teaching programme would have teachers who are specialised in eight core subjects including Mathematics, English language, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Economics, Literature in English and Financial Accounting as anchors to take on the students on various topics. Adefisayo in a statement made available to newsmen by the Head of Public Affairs Unit of the ministry, Mr Kayode Abayomi, further disclosed that the teachings would be recorded and circulated on various social media platforms for easy accessibility and stressed that the media teachings are targeted mostly at the students in preparation for their West Africa Examination Council (WAEC), Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) and other examinations. She, however, enjoined all students to observe all the basic guidelines including personal hygiene to prevent the spread of coronavirus in the country.h NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Husband Cheats On Wife, Catches Coronavirus From Lover A cheating husband who caught coronavirus on a secret break to Italy with his mistress is now in isolation in the UK with his wife who has no idea how he caught it. The woman has no idea how her partner caught Covid-19 but the man confessed to medical coordinators in the north of England… Read full story  US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!