All the 16 suspended local government chairmen in Kwara State have officially decamped from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. The chairman of the state’s chapter of the Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), Joshua Omokanye, announced this at APC by-election campaign rally in Patigi on Tuesday. Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq and the state chairman of the APC, Alhaji Bashir Bolarinwa, jointly led the APC campaign for the Saturday’s by-election in Patigi constituency. The seat of the Patigi Constituency in the state House of Assembly became vacant following the death of the former occupant of the seat, Hon Saidu Rufai, on December 3, last year. Consequently, the Independent National Electoral Commissioner fixed the by-election to fill the vacant seat for Saturday, this week. ALSO READ: Ogun shuts 12 companies over environmental pollution The governor and the party’s chairman, as well as other APC stalwarts, who were on the campaign train to Patigi, held a closed-door meeting in the house of the Special Assistant (Youth) to the governor, Attahiru Ibrahim. Abdulrazaq and Bolarinwa later moved to the palace of Etsu Patigi, Alhaji Ibrahim Bologi, to pay the royal father a homage. At the campaign ground, the APC chairman after his opening speech humbly invited Governor Abdulrazaq to present the party’s candidate for the by-election, Ahmed Adamu Rufai to the people of Patigi. Speaking at the campaign ground, Abdulrazaq said: “We are working very hard and steadily to address the challenges in this area. We are aware of the challenges you faced as a result of the overflow of River Niger. I have spoken with the Governor of Niger State and we are making efforts to ensure that the dredging of the River Niger is captured in the 2021 budget.” “We are also launching our Social Investment Programme this month to begin School Feeding Programme, support our market men and women, artisans to jump-start their businesses and enterprises,” he said. “We are happy to be here. We are not visitors to this palace anymore. Let me once again thank you for the overwhelming support the party got in this area in the last general elections. We seek your support for our candidate, Adam Ahmed Rufai, in Saturday’s election.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS