Although yet to join the league of states infected with coronavirus in the country, the Delta State government has acquired 19 medical ventilators for use in the event of a confirmed case. Governor Ifeanyi Okowa made this known in a state broadcast on the coronavirus pandemic in Asaba, on Wednesday. He announced the shutdown of schools for 30 days while the state civil servants from Grade Level one to 12 were advised to stay at home with effect from Thursday 26 of March. Okowa further mentioned the activation of a State Emergency Operation Center and the setting up of a Coronavirus Preparedness Group led by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control in collaboration with the state health authorities. He observed that he has approved the acquisition of personal protective equipment and other incentives for health workers who would manage the COVID-19 response in the state. The governor, however, implored chairmen of the 25 local government areas in the state to liaise with traditional leaders at the grassroots to enable compliance on measures taken to curtail the spread of the pandemic. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FG, States, LGs Share N581.566bn February Allocation The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC) has shared a total of N581.566 billion February 2020 Federation Account revenue to the federal, states and local government areas in the country. This was announced after a rescheduled meeting of the Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) held in Abuja… Read full story  FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!