An empty KLM flight is being expected to land at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport from Amsterdam, Netherlands to evacuate some of its nationals stranded in Nigeria following the ban on international flights into the country based on the outbreak and spread of CORONAVIRUS around the world. According to information gathered, barring any change in the arrangement, the KLM flight is expected to land at the Lagos airport by 2.00 pm today. ALSO READ: Emir of Bauchi commends journalists for promoting public health issues The special arrangement was said to have been made possible after the airline got approval from the Nigerian government to carry out the rescue flight operations. Under the special arrangement, it has been agreed that the pilot and crew of the KLM flight will not be allowed to disembark while after the profiling, the nationals will be escorted to the waiting aircraft to board and depart. The approval letter to carry out these flights which emanated from the Ministry of Aviation, dated March 24th, 2020,  was signed by MR. M.S Naibi, Director, Air Transport Management on behalf of the Minister of aviation, and addressed to: The General Manager, Air France-KLM, Nigeria & Ghana, Sapetro Tower, Adeola Odeku Street, Victoria Island, Lagos entitled: ‘Re: Request to operate essential flights on Air France from Lagos to Paris on 26th, March, 02, April and 09, April, 2020. The three-paragraph letter partly read: “I am directed to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 23rd, March 2020 on the above subject and to convey the Minister of Aviation’s approval for your airline to operate Essential Flights from Lagos to Paris. The letter quoted the flight number which is to originate from Cotonou but with no traffic right to be: COO0745 LOS 0820 and LOS 0950 CDG 162 The letter further read: “I am further directed to inform you to undertake the operation strictly based on the protocol guiding this kind of operation under COVID-19 as issued by the Nigerian Aeronautical Authorities, most especially the All Operators Letter issued by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) with Ref: NCAA/DG/Air/11/16/108 dated 23rd March 2020. Please accept the assurances of the Honourable Minister’s warm regards.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!