In accordance with the Commandant General’s directive, the Sokoto State Command of the NSCDC is set to deploy 250 personnel across the state as part of preparations to reduce the speed spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state. This is contained in a statement signed by the command public relations officer, Hamza Adamu Illeila, on behalf of state commandant and released to journalists in the state on Friday. ALSO READ: Alohka laid down her life for children she loved, says Buhari The statement reiterates that the NSCDC personnel will be drawn from the Crisis Management Department which includes Disaster and Medical Units respectively and will work pari passu with National Center for Disease Control (NCDC) and Humanitarian Task Force for the purpose of surveillance, enforcement and response. He further said, “the NSCDC deployment will cover all the 23 Local Governments in the state and the 250 personnel will be part of the 9,500  sourced nationwide as each state command will provide same. The State Commandant CC Umar Musa Bala has enjoined the general public to heed to the advice and directives of the Federal Ministry of Health and Sokoto State Government taskforce as regards social distancing, washing of hands with soap and water or use of hand sanitizers in order to curb the spread of the virus. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!