Park Vega, a member of International Association of Amusements & Attractions (IAAPA) and World Waterparks Association (WWA) is set to open the largest water fun park in Nigeria, and West Africa. Nearing completion, the Park Vega which is of international standard boasts of multiple water slides for adults and kids, splash pads and the largest pool in West Africa; the Wave Pool. Sitting on 1,500m2 and containing close to half a million gallons of water, the Wave Pool is automated to give an ocean-like waves by pneumatically producing waves up to 1.1m height. It is the most up to date technology in the international market and the centerpiece of the waterpark, offering hours of splashing fun for all ages and swimming levels. Park Vega’s adult slides come in different features which include space-hole slide, free-fall slide, multi-surf slide and black hole-wave combo slide. These slides offer different experiences to rider. The space hole slide is probably a favourite slide to many because of the twists and turns before being thrown into a jumbo bowl where centrifugal forces keep guest riders high on the wall for several rotations, then they are plunged into a slash pool. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work The multi-surf slide takes riders on an electrifying head-to-head competition over a series of gut-wrenching bumps propelling guest riders to the finish line to see the fastest. The children will experience a very colourful Aqua tower and Splash pad fitted with over 50 interactive elements such as tipping bucket, bubbler jets, slides, umbrella jets, water guns, water wheels, the pipe falls, net bridge, net climber etc. The kid’s pools have very shallow depth and are finished with anti-slip tiles for all-day safe play. In addition to all these, Park Vega has a swim-up bar that offers cocktails and mocktails. This park is an exciting and healthy way for families and friends to bond and create unforgettable memories. With Park Vega, Nigerians need not travel out of the country to experience world-class water park facilities. Park Vega is located in Agbor, Delta State, Nigeria, a transit town that connects South Western to South Eastern, Nigeria. It is close to Benin, Asaba and Warri airports.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!