The Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma, on Sunday, expressed concern over the rising insecurity across the country which he said is not peculiar to Nigeria alone. He also warned against politicising the security situation in the country insisting that the government can’t do it alone. Uzodinma stated this in an interview with journalists, on Sunday in Abuja, during the First Plenary Meeting of the Catholic Bishops Conference of 2020 with the theme: “The word of God: A Lamp to my feet and a light to my path.” Uzodinma said: “Insecurity is all over the world. Terrorism is something that has been around for some time, starting from the attack of America 9/11, up to the incidence in Syria and up to that of Chad and now, North East. “Before this time, it was a strange kind of crime, it was not here in the country. My advice is that we should not politicise the issue of insecurity; rather, we should buckle up, come together and synergise and attack this incidence, so that at the end of the day, we will create a conducive environment that will allow men and women to go about their businesses without molestation. ALSO READ: Lalong partners NURTW for effective transportation system “We all condemn this insecurity, we all condemn the unnecessary attacks in maiming and killing of people. It is strange in our society, we were not brought up to see these kinds of crimes. But now that it is here, we need to wear our thinking caps, we need to plan together and collaborate with government. Bayelsa: Lyon concedes defeat, urges supporters to work with… End insecurity, Bishop Kukah tasks Nigerian govt Olu-Adegboruwa lauds apex court ruling, asks litigants to… UPDATE: Supreme Court dismisses Lyon, APC’s application for… “Government alone cannot solve the problem of insecurity. It is a combination of the efforts of government and its citizens, with proper understanding, that we will bring a permanent solution to the problem of insecurity.” On the review of Supreme Court judgement, which brought him in and sacked the former Governor Emeka Ihedioha, he said: “I am not a member of the appeal panel, but we pray to God and tomorrow will take care of itself.” Furthermore, he said: “Well, I just settled down. I came prepared and I have a vision that I am going to drive the state to be a model state. In the next 12 months, you will do the assessment yourself.” On the alleged installation of Emir in Imo, the Governor denied the allegation, saying he is governor for both Christians and Muslims. He said: “Contrary to that, the courtesy visit by the Muslim community in Imo State to me, was a welcomed one. The new Imam, is a native of Mbaise, not a Northerner. He is a relation of Emeka Ihedioha. I am a governor of both Christians and Muslims. “So, we should shun everything that will bring division in the society. There are more people from the East that are also Muslims and some Muslims were born in the East and do not know any other place apart from the East. So, it is left for government to device a means that will accommodate everybody. “Coexistence is very important, national coexistence, national integration, national cohesion is a framework on which we have to drive our society on. The project Nigeria is a project that belongs to all of us. No one man is more important than the other. Nigeria belongs to all of us, irrespective of our tribe, religion or ethnic affiliation.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN