Nigeria, we hail thee, everyone shouts. And sarcastically, I indeed hail thee, the giant of Africa where universities resume at varying dates owing to incessant strikes from all unions.  It now seems like strikes are part of the school curriculum and any undergraduate that doesn’t experience industrial action seems not to have the complete school experience. This is the pathetic conclusion of many Nigerian youths. And you can’t blame them; the status quo speaks for itself. A young girl that got admitted into the university in October 2018 after passing out of secondary school in July 2018, has had an experience that could best be described as eclectic, she was immediately welcomed by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) with an indefinite strike that lasted for months. This was closely followed by another strike by the Non Academic Staff Union (NASU) which was even worse. What was supposed to be few months became an unpredictable school calendar with another NASU strike. To make matters worse, ASUU has started a two-week warning strike to compel the government to toe its path on a particular policy. Not again. This is the cry of many Nigerian youths. It is high time Nigerian government woke up from its slumber. It should do the needful so that lecturers would stop hindering our path to attaining our academic dreams. They call us the future of Nigeria, but with the incessant strikes here and there, won’t our future as leaders become a mirage? Wuraola Olagoke, nifemiolagoke442@gmail.com  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  Defection: You Are An Ungrateful Soul, APC Replies Segun Oni The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has declared it was not surprised with the imminent defection of the former governor of the state, Chief Segun Oni from the party to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).  Oni, a former deputy national chairman of the APC while speaking in an exclusive chat with… Read full story  APC Crisis: Confusion Persists As Oshiomhole Gives Notice Of NWC Meeting Despite the reprieve granted the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole by the Court of Appeal on Monday, the confusion in the ruling persisted. A  Federal Capital Territory(FCT) High Court, Abuja has on Monday granted an interim order to allow the acting national secretary… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Coronavirus: Jehovah’s Witnesses Cancel Historical Evangelism In UK With the apparent failure of the western powers to contain a further spread of the contagious coronavirus, a religious organisation, the Jehovah’s Witnesses (JW), has cancelled its historical mode of evangelism across the United Kingdom. For fear of the disease, the Christian religious organisation, for the first time in the history of its existence, announced the cancellation of its evangelism activities, including house-to-house, street and literature cart witnessing in the entire UK… Read full story   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!