Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has inaugurated the Kogi State Independent Electoral Commission (SIEC) and charged them to conduct free, fair and credible Local Government Elections without fear or bias. The Governor also promised not to interfere with the activities of the electoral commission noting that Kogi electorates would be given the free hand to choose those who would represent them. The Governor also inaugurated the State’s Judicial Service Commission and the Kogi State Hajj commission while he urged them to undertake their respective task committed to them diligently and ensure cooperation with everyone. Addressing the members of the SIEC, he mentioned that the country was operating a multi-party system hence they must ensure that they were devoid of any forms of political interference. ALSO READ: About 7 million Nigerians will be in food crisis between June, August ― FAO Governor Bello explained that inadequate funds and certain political exigencies crippled the conduct of the LGA polls in the first term, necessitating the appointment of Local Government Administrators to oversee the affairs of the 21 LGAs He mentioned that although there was still a paucity of funds it had become expedient that the state conducted Local Government election as soon as possible as governance disallows vacuum. The Governor pointed out that those who have made as chairmen, Secretaries and members of the inaugurated commission were selected based on track record and good conduct although they were only selected few of the many who were qualified for the same positions. He asked the electoral commission to promptly bring out the time table and ensure that the LGA polls were conducted within the shortest reasonable time. Speaking, the newly inaugurated chairman of the State Independent Electoral Commission, Mr. Mamman Nda Eri assured the State Government, political parties as well as the electorates of conducting credible and fair LGA polls. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!