THE Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) finally unravelled recently in Ogun State long after its much-touted reforms. An operative of the outfit allegedly murdered Tiamiyu Kazeem, a player with the second division outfit, Remo Stars Football Club, by pushing him from a moving vehicle into his death. It was a most painful and horrendous death resulting from the absolutely callous and wicked antics of an operative assumed to have been properly trained by the NPF. As expected, there were protests against the killing and while quelling the ensuing riots, the police increased the number of victims: three more innocent lives were lost through stray bullets. In 2016, there was a comprehensive campaign for the abrogation of SARS (#EndSars), which led to the announcement of reforms by the Presidency. It is, however, regrettable that the ostensibly reformed SARS has not bettered the outfit it sought to replace in terms of the propensity for anti-life activities conducted with extreme morbidity. It is sad that some members of the NPF are gradually evolving into a terror gang capable of any and every kind of imaginable horror to the human lives that they are statutorily paid to protect. Tiamiyu Kazeem was cut down during an encounter with a SARS operative in Ogun State and in the immediate aftermath, the state police command lied about the events that led to his unwarranted killing. But the truth came to light when the Force Headquarters was forced to address the issue. The operative who was fingered in this killing has since been adjudged to be most unprofessional in the course of duty and was not even expected to be at the scene where he perpetrated the ghastly infamy. Experts charge youths to be more value-driven Makinde’s wife tasks women on breast examination, medical… Oyo govt gives commercial vehicle operators 14-days… Restructuring: Obasanjo should stop beating drums of war ―… It is both unfortunate and dangerous for the country to have a security agency that places little or no premium on human lives. The reform that SARS underwent was certainly a wasted effort with putative results for the country. Though the police, in the aftermath of the latest crisis, had reportedly wound down the activities of the outfit in Ogun State, the Nigerian people aren’t convinced that this is enough to mitigate the misfortune which SARS wrought. Still it is certainly good news that apart from his dismissal from the services of the NPF, the operative at the centre of the latest tragedy is going to be prosecuted for the murder of Tiamiyu Kazeem. In addition, we have come to the conclusion that SARS has to be wound down if improvements in the conduct of its personnel cannot be guaranteed. Most Nigerians find this outfit to be disadvantageous to them in all ramifications. It is a fact that SARS has continued to contribute significantly to the low life expectancy in the country. Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, amply demonstrated the Nigerian people’s anguish and disgust when he roundly condemned SARS for the killing of Tiamiyu Kazeem. It was certainly one killing too many. It was heinous and absolutely unwarranted. We think that personnel of the outfit need to undergo psychiatric tests to determine their mental stability and fitness. Their regular viciousness is disconcerting to the average person with whom they come into contact. How can anyone justify the response of the SARS personnel to the botched negotiation over gratification in the instant case, and in a place where the operative was not expected to be? The truth is that many of the SARS personnel are predisposed to such behaviour as was demonstrated in the current case and the earlier they are summarily wound down, the better for the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN