Despite the positive market breadth of 20 gainers against 7 losers, the equities market of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) closed red with a marginal decline of 0.05 per cent on Wednesday. This is amid the remote trading of brokers on the floor of the local bourse, being the measure taken by the NSE management to contain the spread of COVID-19. The reversal of previous day gains followed profit-taking on MTN Nigeria, Total and five other stocks as gains in Banking, Consumer and Industrial goods sectors failed to sustain yesterday’s gain. Consequently, the year to date loss of the NSE All-Share Index (ASI) increased to 19.05 per cent as predicted by analysts that the bullish activity would be short-lived amid increases in COVID-19 cases and sustained low crude oil prices. In summary, the All-Share Index (ASI) decreased by 11.68 absolute points, representing a dip of 0.05 per cent to close at 21,729.48 points. Similarly, the overall Market Capitalisation size shed N6.09 billion, representing a dip of 0.05 per cent to close at N11.32 trillion. ALSO READ: Equities: Banking stocks gain rebounds market by 0.13 per cent The downturn was impacted by loses recorded in large and medium capitalised stocks, amongst which are; Total (-10.00%), Africam Prudential (-9.87%), FCMB (-3.85%) and MTN Nigeria (-2.91%). Market activity was weak as volume and value of stocks traded tanked by 29.27 per cent and 37.25 per cent to 0.23 billion units and N2.24 billion respectively. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!