University of Ibadan, through the Department of Adult Education, is fully prepared to commence the American Anti-Corruption Institute (AACI)’s certificate training in Nigeria. The vice chancellor, Professor Idowu Olayinka, said the university signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the U uted States-based institute few years ago to introduce anticorruption education to Nigerian students. While welcoming the president of the institute, Mr Burke L. File, and his entourage to the campus during the official launch of the initiative recently, Professor Olayinka stated that anticorruption education for students had become inevitable given the consequences of corruption on the economic growth and development of Nigeria. According to him, no sustainable development goals can be achieved in a country plagued with corrupt practices. He commended the institute for bringing the programme to Nigeria, and pledged to provide a conducive environment for the course to thrive in the university. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Speaking in the same vein, the president of the institute, Mr File, and a senior director in the institute for the Middle East and Africa, Mr Mike Mosoud, said it was high time the knowledge of anticorruption education was imparted to students for the future of the nation. “For good governance, transparency and accountability assurance, anticorruption education, a professional programme is essential for African students to produce a better nation and transform their world. “It is expected of Nigerian students to pass through the professional training programme for their character building process,” File said. Also speaking on the occasion, the strategic partner for the institute in Nigeria, Dr Oluwole Fagbayide, declared that the process is ongoing to organise a five-day review course and examination for the award of Certified Anti-Corruption Manager (CACM) by the institute, in collaboration with the Department of Adult Education, University of Ibadan for the lecturers in the institution. After this, he said, the CACM will join the institute to train the students and other participants for another Certified Anti-Corruption Fellow (CACF). “These professional certificates will be issued by the institute in the United States of America. The examination will be through a distance learning programme, and the certificate is tenable globally,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!