Lagos State Judiciary has directed it, essential workers, on level 13 and above to work within a period of 10 am and 2 pm on a daily basis. The Chief Judge of the state, Justice Kazeem Alogba, made the review sequel to the earlier directives by the governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, which relief non-essential workers from work. Justice Alogba also directed that any worker’s who feel unwell or have contact with any oversea returning in the past fourteen days should stay at home and ensure to inform the Chief Registrar. ALSO READ: Rilwan Adesoji Akanbi Foundation joins Oyo’s fight against coronavirus He also stated that the judiciary would only attend to litigants who have urgent transaction between 10 am and 1 pm. The Chief Judge had earlier directed the court security not to allow anyone into the court premises without cogent reasons and the wearing of a facemask. Justice Kazeem Alogba reiterated that physical distance and hygiene measures must be adhered to strictly. Our correspondent reported that most of the courts visited in the state are like a graveyard. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!