The Kogi State Ministry of Information and Communication has said it is ready to launch a campaign that will drive up investments in the state. The Commissioner for Information and Communication, Hon Kingsley Fanwo, made this known during an interaction with pressmen in Lokoja on Friday, informing investors of the abundant opportunities in the State. “We have succeeded in putting together areas of opportunities for potential investors,’ he said. “The state government has reformed the Land Administration System to make it more credible and transparent. Security has also been at the apex of government plans to boost the confidence of investors and safeguard their investments in Kogi State. We have laws that assure all of our excellent tax administration. “With the location of numerous mineral resources in vast quantities in the State, coupled with the tourism potentials here, there is no State in Nigeria that is more viable than Kogi State when we talk investments. “With the hundreds of millions of dollars the government is planning to inject into the Alape Crops Processing Zone as well as Agricultural Mechanization, our economy is poised to grow into a purse of billions of dollars. “Apart from pushing back poverty, the current efforts of the government will create thousands of jobs and create wealth.” Fanwo said a consortium of Turkish investors are currently understudying the state’s agricultural potentials with a view to bringing foreign direct investment to the state that already boasts of the second-largest rice processing mill in Northern Nigeria. ALSO READ: Police arrest two armed robbers terrorising Adamawa communities “No State Government takes security as seriously as Kogi,” Hon. Fanwo said, assuring the investors. He further added, “The Ministry is currently in discussions with global television networks to explore the possibility of showcasing the potentials of the state. A lot of investors around the world are not aware of these potentials. While the Internet is filled with less than savoury news about us, it has not got nearly enough information about what makes us so blessed with resources so much that we are home to the largest cement factory in Africa and home of Nigeria’s single biggest investment outside of oil, the Ajaokuta Steel Company. “We cannot be sitting on gold and still be talking of federal allocations to develop our state. We need to market our State for what it is: the most culturally-diverse and potentially economic dynamic state in Nigeria. “Ours is the only state bordered by ten other states including the Federal Capital Territory. Eighty-two per cent of trans-national road traffic passes through our State at one point or the other. We have the potentials to be the manufacturing, transportation and logistics hub of Nigeria as our Youth are largely educated and ready to work. “Our Confluence, our water bodies, our mineral resources, our location and our resourceful and enterprising population are great assets that will soon be transforming the state to the economic hub of Nigeria. “When you match that with the efforts of the Federal Government at resuscitating the Ajaokuta Steel Company, you will see that Kogi is ready to take its place at the top of Nigeria’s economic table. Governor Yahaya Bello is totally focussed on securing the future of our dear State.” The Commissioner called on well-meaning Kogites to join in the campaign by promoting positive vibes and shun negativity in all forms. “Kogi is all we have. Its greatness will benefit all of us, even children, yet unborn. We must do all in our power to make it the pride of Nigeria. It is in our hands,” Hon Fanwo said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!