It has been declared that all the 21 pending samples of suspected coronavirus cases in Bauchi State have tested negative. The declaration was made by the State Commissioner for Health, Dr Aliyu Maigoro Mohammed while briefing newsmen in Bauchi on Sunday. He added that the ongoing campaign against the spread of coronavirus in the state is actually yielding positive results. The commissioner said that the Special Task Force set up against coronavirus has again taken another 23 samples for test and further investigation by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC). Aliyu Maigoro added that no one has tested positive apart from the two confirmed cases. He solicited for more support from critical stakeholders so as to consolidate on the government’s fight against the coronavirus pandemic in the state. He, however, said that so far a total of 93 contact samples have been taken and tested in line with the guidelines of the NCDC. He assured that efforts will continue until all those who had contact with the two confirmed positive indexes were identified and tested to know their status. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: UCH CMD Tests Positive For Coronavirus The Chief Medical doctor, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the CMD… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Immigration CG, Babandede, Tests Positive For Coronavirus • He is responding to treatment ― Immigration spokesperson The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Mr Muhammed Babandede, on Sunday confirmed he has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). He had gone into self-isolation after taken ill on his return from a trip to the United Kingdom, with a Deputy Comptroller General overseeing the administration of the service… Read full story Fear Of Coronavirus Hits EFCC The coronavirus pandemic has grounded the operations of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) to a halt. According to findings, the acting chairman of the Commission, Ibrahim Magu has ordered that some measures be put in place to ensure that the virus is contained in the commission’s facility across the country… Read full story COVID-19: Osun Announces Total Lockdown Of State As Oyetola Discloses Second Confirmed Case The Osun State Government has announced the total lockdown of the state, on Tuesday, following the confirmation of the second case of COVID-19. The Government reaffirmed the commitment to shut down all the land boundaries effective from midnight, Sunday, March 29, 2020… Read full story