There are indications that the Federal Capital Territory may have recorded three suspected cases of COVID-19. According to unofficial sources, the three were part of other suspected cases but which were just moved to the isolation centre in Gwagwalada. A medical source who pleaded not to be named because he was not authorized to speak on the issue told Tribune Online, “I am just telling you in confidence that it is true but I am sure those in charge will soon issue a statement.” Health authorities within the FCT has commenced contact tracing and other protocols. Sources at the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) told our correspondent that one of its staff who works in the department of Finance and Administration has been told to self-quarantine since his fiancé arrived from the United Kingdom on the same flight that the 30-year-old lady who was discovered to be down with the disease arrived from. “As at Thursday, all biometric sign-in devices at the FIRS headquarters in Abuja have been disabled”, a staff of the Service told Trinuneonline. Of the three cases, the first was said to be a 53-year-old military officer who returned to Nigeria on March 14 from the United Kingdom through the British Airways. He is in self-isolation. The second case according to records available to this medium is a 31-year-old male businessman who returned to the country on March 17 from visits to United Arab Emirates (UAE), Switzerland and France. ALSO READ: Falling reserves: CBN devalues naira? He returned through Emirates Airline but was freely associating since without going into isolation. The third case involved a 20-year old female student who arrived on March 18 from the United Kingdom through Lufthansa Airline and had also been freely associating before being suspected of having the disease. An official statement is currently being awaited from Nigeria Centre for Disease Control. …Details later SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!