Jennifer and Louis have become the third couple in Love Pad to check out from the reality TV show. The couple who had the lowest scores and were up for possible check out with four other couples were evicted from the show on Sunday, March 15, 2020. During the live eviction show which was held in Lagos and hosted by Dakore Akande and Oluwaseun, guests were thrilled to nice music from the in-house live band, ‘High Definition’.  Thereafter Oluwaseun announced the name Jelo as the couple with the least votes to be checked out from the love pad. This meant their time in the Love Pad had come to an end. As usual, the couple spoke about their time in the house. For Louis, meeting Jenny Koko was his major highlight in the house. When asked how she felt about leaving the house, Jenny Koko said she was excited because she gets to see the outside world after spending weeks in the house. The couple went home with one hundred thousand naira after playing the portmanteau game. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Senator Shuaibu Returns To APC Secretariat Says I’m Not Sure Oshiomhole Will Heed My Advice Estranged deputy national chairman, North of the All Progressives Congress, Senator Lawan Shuaibu returned to the party national secretariat on Wednesday. Recall that the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole announced the reversal of the suspension of Senator Shuaibu and the… Read full story  Covid-19: Lagos Govt To Shut Down Schools From Monday Lagos State government said it is closing down all public and private schools in the state from Monday, 23rd March 2020 as part of the preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The State Commissioner for Education, Mrs. Folashade Adefisayo, disclosed this in a statement made available to… Read full story  FG Reduces Petrol Price To N130 From N145 The Federal Government may have directed the reduction in the petrol price from N145 per litre to about N130. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, had last week said the government was in consultation with relevant stakeholders on the possibility of reducing the petrol price following the crash… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!