Following the growing cases of Coronavirus in Nigeria, Plateau State Commissioner of Police CP Isaac Akinmoyede has directed all Area Commanders, Divisional Police Officers (DPOs) and Head of Departments (HODs) to ensure that all legitimate orders given to the contain coronavirus are strictly enforced within their areas of responsibilities and also tasked them to lecture their officers and men on the subject. The State Police Command in a statement signed by the Police Public Relations Officer ASP Ubah Gabriel warned Officers and men of the command against unnecessary arrest and detention of suspects. CP Akinmoyede enjoined citizens of Plateau State to voluntarily adhere to the social restriction orders imposed by governments and the Inspector General of Police IGP to enable it to contain the dreaded disease. The Commissioner of Police reiterated that detention of suspects must be reduced to the barest minimum adding that only very serious cases such as terrorism, rape/defilement, armed robbery, homicide, kidnapping, and other non-bailable offenses should warrant detention. ALSO READ: Germany loses six million coronavirus face masks in Kenya He assured that adequate measures have been placed to screen persons to be committed into police custody. The Commissioner of Police also ordered immediate closure of all Primary Schools, Secondary and Tertiary Institutions within the State in compliance with the federal government directive that all tertiary institutions should be closed down. He equally empowered and ordered the Nigeria Police Medical Services (NPMS) of the Command to step up the sensitization program and ensure that hand sanitizers and body temperature gauge be placed at all points of entry across Area Commands, Divisions, Formations and Barracks in the State. The Commissioner of Police enjoined citizens of the state to observe social distances, avoid social visits to police offices and to minimize official visits except where absolutely necessary. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!