Kwara State chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has suspended all activities to mark this year’s Easter festivities because of the coronavirus pandemic. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Tuesday, the chairman of the association, Most Reverend Paul Adegboyega Olawoore, said that the Palm Sunday rally scheduled for Sunday, April 5 and Easter Monday Galilee get-together planned for Monday, April 13, 2020, has been suspended. Reverend Olawoore, who frowned at the attitude of some church leaders in the country over refusal to obey the government’s directive on the prevention of the COVID-19 pandemic, described them as ignorant. “Some of us are acting out of ignorance as some act with our faith so high that we say it’s not a reality. But except one just wants to jeopardize one’s life or his churchgoers, when a pastor would start preaching it doesn’t matter. For instance, we know the population of a Catholic Church anywhere. I’ve already issued out a statement that there’s no provision for more than 25 church members according to directives of the state government. Talking as a CAN chairman, I expect every church leader in Kwara state to abide by the directive. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Ivory Coast, Senegal declare emergencies, impose curfews So, I think the government is in the position to mete out punishment to any church leader that flouts the directive,” he said. The CAN chairman called on government to enforce quarantine law in the state to restrict needless movement of residents. He also said that church leaders alone would hold special prayers against the deadly disease, adding that, “calling for special prayer with a church congregation in attendance will be violating government’s directive”. The Christian body advised the state government to make available hand sanitizers, test kits, and other useful medical supplies to people to curtail the spread of the virus, saying that sensitization jingles on COVID-19 pandemic should also be in local languages in mass media of communication. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!