The Anambra State police command has arrested a 75-year-old man, Mr. Raphael Mbanyereude alias (papa Okoye), for allegedly defiling a two-year-old girl and her sister, aged four years at Okija in Ihiala local government area of the state. According to the command spokesperson, SP Haruna Mohammed, who disclosed this in a statement in Awka, onFriday, said the incident happened on the 17/3/2020 at about 11:am, following a formal complaint which prompted the Police operatives attached to Okija Division, where the alleged culprit was arrested. He said the suspect allegedly had unlawful carnal knowledge with two minors all females, aged 2 and four years(Children of the same parent) respectively. The dastardly act was discovered by the Children’s mother when she saw her children crying and holding their private parts. She then became curious and checked only to discover water coming out and their private parts became reddish as well. ALSO READ: Glo opens another outlet in Edo Meanwhile, victims were taken to the hospital for medical examination where laceration of their hymen was confirmed as the suspect voluntarily confessed to the crime. Consequently, the Commissioner of Police Mr. John Abang has ordered for immediate transfer of the case to the State CID for discreet investigation after which suspect would be charged to Court for prosecution. The CP equally enjoined parents to strictly monitor their children in order to avert similar ugly incidents.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!