Determined to checkmate the spread of the coronavirus, the Edo State Government has directed the security agencies to enforce full compliance of stay at home order. Coming on the heels of the Speaker of the Edo State House of Assembly, Mr Frank Okiye who tested positive for the deadly pandemic and results of the coronavirus test of Governor Godwin Obaseki which proved negative, the deputy governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu, said the partial compliance to the order to lock up stores that do not sell essential commodities was not acceptable to the government. Shaibu who spoke with journalists in Benin yesterday charged security agencies to move swiftly to ensure full compliance while all the roads and streets will be fumigated by the government. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Returnee who allegedly hid self discovered at home in Benue The deputy governor disclosed that the state COVID-19 Response Committee met with the executive of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) to direct their members to maintain social distancing policy by ensuring that no seat takes more than two passengers at a time with the front seat taking only one passenger. According to him, all transport operators are mandated to ensure correct information on manifest of travellers which must be made available on request by government officials for contract tracing Shaibu remarked that the committee also addressed hoteliers, urging them to all safety precautions while dealing with clients who will be asked to state details of their travel history. “We also asked medical practitioners to always prepared to respond to emergencies while private Medical practitioners are to support government’s efforts just as the state government and private medical centres would work together to develop a uniform protocol to attend to patients The Special Adviser to the Governor on Media and Communication Strategy, Mr Crusoe Osagie said Governor Obaseki who tested negative for coronavirus has however decided to remain in self-isolation. He said: “I can confirm that the governor tested negative for coronavirus when he ran the rapid diagnostic test for the virus. However, we are currently awaiting the result of a more conclusive PCR test.” “In the meantime, the governor has decided to continue to work in self-solation and he is asymptomatic.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  Health workers who attended to Ogun coronavirus case asked to go on isolation Health workers who attended to the second case of coronavirus in Ogun State have been asked to go… Read full story  FG Slashes Oil Benchmark To $30 To Save Economy • Lists incentives to health, private sector to retain workers Minister of finance, Zainab Ahmed has said the Federal Government was considering a new benchmark…  Read full story  COVID-19: Oyo shuts down civil service for two weeks The Oyo State government has said it will shut down its civil service effective…  Read full story  COVID-19: NLC Calls For Total Lockdown Of The Country The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Wednesday, called for a broad, total and national lockdown of… *Read full story:* https://tribuneonlineng.com/covid-19-nlc-calls-for-total-lockdown-of-the-country/  Two Men Arrested With 679 Bottles Of Codeine Syrups, 2,000 Sachets Of Tramadol Worth N2.3 Million Two men were among other suspected criminals arrested by the Katsina State Police Command for being…  Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!