The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has approved Chloroquine production for a clinical trial to tackle the coronavirus. Mojisola Adeyeye, the Director-General of NAFDAC made the announcement on Friday at the NAFDAC headquarters, while stating that the use of Chloroquine is for clinical trials only in a bid to find treatment for the coronavirus. She, however, stated that Choloquine has not been approved by NAFDAC for the treatment of the coronavirus. ALSO READ: Gombe gov hails emergence of Murtala Aliyu as ACF Secretary-General According to the DG, NAFDAC: “In the case of Chloroquine, it has been demonstrated in the literature and with clinical research which is still ongoing, that Chloroquine is superior to the Placebo. “NAFDAC is not approving Chloroquine as a product that has can be used for coronavirus because there is no submission to us for registration but because it is under clinical trials, NAFDAC approves medicines meant for clinical trials. “Therefore the medicine is being approved just for the clinical trials,” She, therefore, called on experts and researchers that are interested in doing a clinical trial on Chloroquine to approach approved outlets, adding that a drug company has been given an approval to produce chloroquine in batches. “Right now, we have asked one company to make a batch of Chloroquine for the purpose of the clinical trial,” Adeyeye added. Nigerians have also been urged by the NAFDAC DG to stop the use of chloroquine as an anti-malaria drug. She stated that:  “Nobody should use chloroquine as anti-malaria because of the resistance that has been proven to develop in the past after the use of chloroquine in the population.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!