Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has directed for the closure of all markets throughout the state beginning from Thursday, March 26. A statement by the Senior Special Assistant on Media to the Governor, Muktar Gidado, contained that the directive is in line with the earlier decision of the state government which had restricted any gathering that is more than 59 persons to minimise social interaction over the coronavirus pandemic. The statement, however, exempted pharmaceutical shops, sellers of food items, supermarkets selling essential products, filing stations and bakeries are to remain open but should adhere strictly to the instructions given on environmental cleanliness and hygiene to reduce the spread of the virus. ALSO READ: COVID-19: FG to release N10 billion to Lagos, N1 billion to pharmaceutical companies “Similarly, officials of the state chapter of the National Union of Roads Transport Workers (NURTW) are advised to direct their members to observe the rules on passengers conveyance to, not more than three persons per vehicle and to provide hand sanitisers to their passengers and to comply with the new policy of self-distancing. The statement concluded that “the state government assures citizens of the state of its readiness and determination to strengthen the quality and capacity of its medical personnel to deal with the emergency. We call on all to support and provide any useful information to the state outbreak response committee on Lassa fever and COVID-19.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  Lagos Markets To Shut Down On Friday Lagos markets, offices, showrooms, and warehouses operating under the umbrella of Market Leaders and Traders Association of Nigeria, Lagos Chapter, will shut down, on Friday, over the raging coronavirus epidemic. In a statement issued this morning and signed by Comrade Christopher Okpala and Comrade… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!