At last, Alhaji Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, has been dethroned by the governor of Kano State, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje, after former Head of State, General Abdusalami Abubakar, made it known that all efforts to reconcile Sanusi and Ganduje were wasted. Sanusi is known as a critic of Ganduje. All the messages of Sanusi to the governor are to govern the state as expected. Sanusi is fond of saying the truth openly to those in positions of authority without minding whose ox is gored. Governor Ganduje was said to have accuse Sanusi of working against his second term re-election bid. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Does Emir Sanusi have a right to speak out his mind to power? Sanusi has a constitutional right as a Nigerian citizen to speak his mind. It is well stated in Section 39(1) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as Amended 2020 that every person shall be entitled to freedom of expression, including freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart ideas and information without interference. It is my belief that if Sanusi didn’t challenge Ganduje, he wouldn’t have dethroned him. In Nigeria, truth is bitter. Governor Mallam Nasir El Rufai has proven to be a good childhood friend to Sanusi Lamido Sanusi considering everything he has been doing since his dethronement as Emir of Kano. He has given Sanusi two appointments and with these appointments, there is hope for Sanusi in 2023. I believe that Sanusi will bounce back beyond the position of Emir of Kano. This was not the first time Sanusi had been removed from office. Jimoh Mumin Esq. 08034435211.  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story  Five Out Of Six South-West States Backed Ajimobi As APC Deputy National Chairman, Says Oshiomhole The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshionhole, has dismissed the protest of the Ekiti State chapter of the party over the appointment of former Oyo State governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, as the Deputy National Chairman (South), saying that the majority of the… Read full story  Man With Coronavirus Stayed In Ibadan For Two Weeks Undetected ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government announced Wednesday evening that a man who tested positive for coronavirus stayed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital for two weeks before moving to Ekiti State where his status was confirmed. The disclosure created apprehension across Ibadan and Ekiti state where the extensive trace of… Read story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!