The Governor of Plateau State, Rt. Hon Simon Bako Lalong, has promised to thrill guests with a world class cultural centre during the forthcoming NAFEST 2020 slated for October 2020. Lalong who was represented by deputy governor of the state, Professor Sonni Tyoden disclosed during a courtesy visit by Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture, Chief Segun Runsewe, to the government house in Jos, Plateau State recently. The governor commended the NCAC boss for his strategic efforts at the council, saying “NCAC has witnessed lot of innovations through your dynamic, visionary and effective leadership.” He thanked the  NCAC DG for not only believing in the state’s cultural innovativeness and richness but also granting Plateau State the hosting right for NAFEST 2020. He promised to ensure that all basic requirements needed to make the event a success were put in place to host the mother of all NAFEST. Although he acknowledged that Plateau State had suffered some setback in the past, he said the national event was an avenue to reposition the state through the promotion of the state’s rich cultural activities. ALSO READ: UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The deputy governor however said that the opportunity given to the state to host NAFEST 2020 would not be taken for granted. In his remarks, the director-general of NCAC lauded the governor for even agreeing to host the event before discussing it with him, saying that he was not surprised having known Governor Lalong to be a man that wants the best for his people. “your exceptional leadership can be seen visibly in all your do,” Runsewe said. Going down memory lane, Chief Runsewe said in 1996 when the state first hosted the festival, over six African countries participated, this time around all the seventeen local governments of the states are expected and the 36 states of Nigeria. As the world anxiously looks up to Plateau come October this year, Runsewe said all golfers, business entrepreneurs are planning to come to the state during the event. Customised posters of various inscriptions promoting the festival such as biro, exercise books, calender, T-shirts were presented to the governor as a sign of early preparation in kickstarting the event.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!