US civil rights leader Reverend Joseph Lowery who used to campaign with Martin Luther King died on Friday aged 98, media reported. Lowery’s death was confirmed by Imara Canady, a board member for the Joseph & Evelyn Lowery Institute, CNN said. Born in 1921, Lowery worked closely alongside leading figures in the civil rights movement such as King and Jesse Jackson and helped found the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), the civil rights group started by King. He was chosen to speak at the inauguration of the country’s first black president Barack Obama in 2009, and was later awarded the Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award in the United States. “Rev. Joseph Lowery was a fighter for civil rights,” fellow civil rights leader Congressman John Lewis told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. “He spoke up spoke out he never gave up. He marched and he protested all across America. We mourn his passing this evening,” Lewis said. “Tonight, the great Reverend Joseph E. Lowery transitioned from earth to eternity. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family,” the King Center in Atlanta said in a tweet. ALSO READ: US coronavirus cases exceed 100,000 as doctors decry scarcity of drugs, equipment “He was a champion for civil rights, a challenger of injustice, a dear friend to the King family.” (AFP) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story Fans Blast Naira Marley, Zlatan Ibile Over Comments On Coronavirus Nigerian rapper, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley and his counterpart, Zlatan Ibile, received some serious bashing from twitter users on Monday when Naira Marley made a comment on the coronavirus pandemic on his twitter handle, which did not go down well with many of his followers. Coronavirus And Sex I want to know if I can catch the Coronavirus from sex. I am a sex worker and isolating myself will make… Read full story Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Nigerian Afrobeats star, David Adeleke, also known as, Davido, has announced that his fiancee, Chioma, has tested positive for coronavirus. Chioma, according to Davido, recently returned from the… Read full story