Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, has described as false those reports that son of former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, infected by coronavirus was present at the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) unification rally held in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. Rather, Adisa said it was a different member of the Atiku family, not Adamu, that was present at the rally. While he sympathised with the Atiku family on the incident, Adisa asked Nigerians to discountenance reports that Adamu, who was infected by the virus, was the Atiku family member at the Ibadan rally. ALSO READ: [BREAKING] COVID-19: Buhari suspends FEC meeting, orders all partially opened land borders closed for four weeks “While we sympathise with the family of former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, concerning the infection of one of his sons by Coronavirus. “We want to place on record for the notice of the general public that the information suggesting that the said son of @atiku was the same person that represented him at the South West PDP unification rally in Ibadan, Oyo State is false. “We have since confirmed that a different member of the Atiku family is the person so infected. The public should please ignore such unfounded rumour,” Adisa said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!