The management of Ondo Linyi Industrial hub, Ore, Ondo State, has debunked speculations that the site had recorded any death as a result of the coronavirus. This was contained in a statement by Chief Alex Ajipe, the Chief Executive Officer of Klick Konnect Networks International and made available to newsmen on Friday in Akure. Klick Connect Networks International supervises operations at the industrial hub. ” We would like to on behalf of our clients, the companies that make up the Ondo-Linyi Industrial Hub, state clearly and with all sense of certainty and truth that no death or Covid-19 related illnesses have been recorded at the Ondo-Linyi Industrial Hub. “About a week ago, the hub, under our management and supervision, received the staff of the Ondo State Government’s Centre for Disease Control and took them around the facilities. “We walked them through the procedures that have been put in place to ensure the health and well-being of all indigenous and expatriate staff. ” We have, even after their visit, adhered to these processes and recorded no illnesses or death and have also been in constant touch with them, and our gates remain open to receive them,” the statement said. According to the statement, the management is embarrassed by rumours that a lady, a member of staff who is of Chinese nationality has died. ALSO READ: Coronavirus real ―Lawal “This is not only false, but sad because it is a rumour that can portray our clients in a bad light, and it constitutes scare-mongering and stigmatisation. “Our clients have shown themselves to be socially responsible, and they will not put the lives of their host state and communities in danger. “Our clients reiterate that they have been in constant communication and under strict monitoring by the CDC and are contributing their quota to curtail the spread of the pandemic as socially responsible investors. “We are all in the fight against this pandemic for humanity and must stand as one,” it added. The statement, which also said that the fight against the pandemic should not be politicised, appealed to the public not to partake in the dissemination of fake news. It further urged the general public to be forthright and virtuous in the collective efforts to contain the virus. (NAN)  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story  Coronavirus: Nigeria Records 14 New Cases Thursday, Total Now 65 14 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed on Thursday, bringing the total number of Nigerians with the virus to 65, as at 8.35 pm. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), 12 were Lagos cases while the remaining two were in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)… Read full story  COVID-19: Founder Of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu Donates N1 Billion To Support Nigeria’s Response To strengthen national response to COVID-19 in Nigeria, industrialist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has announced a donation of N1 billion in cash through the BUA Foundation, and has also placed an order for an additional donation of equipment and medical supplies including testing kits and… Read full story  COVID-19: Fuel Scarcity Back In Abuja, Hawkers Back To Business As the battle against the dreaded coronvirus scourge hots up nationwide, the residents of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja and its environs may have to contend with aquate shortage Petroleum products as long queues of vehicles surfaced on Thursday evening despite restriction of movements order in force… Read full story  Coronavirus: Returnee Who Allegedly Hid Self Discovered At Home In Benue The apprehension in Makurdi, the capital city of Benue State in the past few days over the presence of a returnee (names withheld) who allegedly hid has subsided after he was located by government officials… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!