FOLLOWING the decision of Tax Appeal Tribunal (TAT), that ECO Bank Nigeria must pay at least N1,663,500,000 to the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) as Company Income Tax for the year 2016 in dispute, the lender has said it is heading to the Federal High Court for appeal against the decision. According to the bank, the dividend it declared was for income from sources which are statutorily exempt from tax by virtue of the Companies Income Tax (Exemption of Bonds and Short-Term Government Securities) Order, 2011. But the Tax Appeal Tribunal, Lagos Zone insists that the decision of ECO Bank Nigeria Limited to pay N5,545,000,000 as dividends to its shareholders in a year the bank claimed it made no taxable profit and rather declared losses from its banking operation is illegal. Eco Bank in a statement made available to newsmen, noted that the decision of the TAT was for the Bank to pay excess dividend tax on the dividend sum of N5,545,000,000 declared by the Bank from its 2015 financial accounts. Based on the decision of the TAT, the excess dividend tax liability is N1,311,673,367 and not N1.6 billion, it clarified. “Whilst the bank is always open to engagement, its position is based on the principle that income established to be exempt from companies’ income tax should not contrary to the intendment of the law, be subjected to the same tax it was intended to be exempt from. “We abide by laws and regulations and believe that this matter should be conclusively determined in line with the applicable judicial process,” the statement read in part. It should be recalled that the tribunal reached this decision in its judgement dated February 20, 2020 which it delivered in Appeal No. TAT/LZ/CIT/024/2018. Eco Bank had dragged the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) to court over the insistence of the Service that the bank must pay in full its excess dividend tax liability of N2,079,375,000, inclusive of interest and penalty for the Year of Assessment (YOA) 2016. But Eco Bank argued that the dividend it paid out was tax exempt as N4,372,244,556 out of the total sum was “profit from bonds and treasury bills”, which was not taxable based on the provisions of the Company Income Tax (Exemption of Bonds and Short-Term Government Securities) Order, 2011. Treasury bills rate to trend lower on N232.3bn OMO… Access Bank named among top 500  global banking brands Developing a success mindset The slain footballer by SARS Admitting to only making N1,172755,444 “trading profits” from other business sources, ECO Bank decided that it would only pay N351,826,663 tax to the FIRS, which it paid the Service after some months of delay. However, the FIRS “demanded for the immediate payment of the outstanding excess dividend tax liability of N1,311,673,367” from the bank, which impasse led to suit before the tax tribunal. In its argument before the court, ECO Bank presented three issues for determination, namely whether the FIRS “was correct to assess the Appellant to tax under Section 19 of CITA” when the income earned was “from Bonds, Treasury Bills and other Government Securities”; whether the FIRS “misdirected itself by failing to take account the CIT paid by the Appellant and “whether by the rules of Interpretation of Statutes, the Respondent has erred in law in its application of Section 19 of CITA. In its consideration of the three issues raised, the tax tribunal resolved them in favour of the FIRS. It held that “companies that invest in bonds will, by virtue of the tax exemption, become liable to pay excess dividend tax on their profits.” The court averred that “if the tax exemption granted by the order (Company Income Tax (Exemption of Bonds and Short-Term Government Securities) Order, 2011) creates an excess dividend situation” ECO Bank or any other company “should be liable to pay excess dividend tax on the same income that otherwise would have been exempted from tax.” The tribunal stressed that “a liability to pay excess dividend tax arises where a company that seeks to pay dividend has no taxable profit as in the instant case but has distributable profit that is higher than the taxable profit.” The tribunal also held that the FIRS properly directed itself by not failing “to take into account the sum already settled by the Appellant” (ECO Bank) in the Service’s “total assessment of N1,663,500,000.” Addressing the final issue for determination, the tax tribunal headed by Prof. A.B. Ahmed also found that the FIRS did not err “in law in its application of Section 19 of CITA,” stressing that the law was enacted to address the “mischief” which corporate entities resort to as tax avoidance schemes under which they twisted “the law to suit their own ends”, especially to “prevent shareholders from sharing dividend without payment of tax for whatever reason.” Consequently, the tribunal declared that the ECO Bank “appeal fails and is hereby dismissed,” according to a statement also signed by the Director, Communications and Liaison Department, Federal Inland Revenue Service Abdullahi Ismaila Ahmad on February 26, 2020. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN