In compliance with the directive of Osun State government banning gathering of over 50 persons in worship centres because of the coronavirus, Jumat services failed to hold on Friday in major mosques in Osogbo and other neighbouring communities, Tribune Online authoritatively gathered. A visit by our correspondent to Osogbo Central Mosque, Oja Oba and Ansalrudeen Central Mosque in Alekuwodo area indicated that Muslim faithful did not turn up for Friday Jumat service. ALSO READ: Buhari commiserates with Bruce on wife’s death The development was also a fallout of directive by the Grand Imam of Osun and President, League of Imams and Alfas, Sheikh Musa Animasahun instructing all central mosques in the state to suspend Jumaat prayers from today and until further notice. In a statement made available to journalists, the Grand Imaam observed that the step became necessary in view of the spread of the dreaded coronavirus which one prays does not get to Osun, saying precautionary measures must be taken. Animashaun also added that the directive was in line with the Osun government’s instruction that all public gatherings be suspended as a check against the coronavirus pandemic. He, therefore, enjoined all Imams of central mosques to adhere to this and inform the congregation appropriately. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story  2023: The PDP Challenge To The APC In South-West IT is an indubitable fact that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), at the height of its glory, dominated the political landscape since the advent of the current democratic dispensation, especially between 1999 and 2011. Its sphere of, though gradually waning particularly in the South-West and some parts… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!