A suspected female student of the Federal Polytechnic, Oko, Anambra State has thrown away her newborn baby girl from a storey building following successful delivery. The lady delivered in her boyfriend’s house but threw away the baby from the building into an empty space. The baby was, however, trapped by the barbed wire of a fence and was rescued by people around. The medical officer at Chukwunoso Specialist Hospital, Oko, Dr Chinonso Nwosu, confirmed that the baby girl was found hanging on the barbed wire of a fence at one of the private students’hostels for Oko polytechnic students. ALSO READ: Redouble your efforts, Osinbajo urges PEBEC Awards winners, stakeholders Dr Nwosu, who said the baby was responding to treatment, added that she only had a wound on her leg, which was trapped in the barbed wire. He said: “The baby is receiving the necessary treatment to ensure she doesn’t suffer temperature abnormality.” The doctor said the police later arrested and brought the lady suspected to be the mother of the newborn to the hospital to breastfeed her. She was brought to the hospital in handcuffs, where she is currently breastfeeding the baby,” the doctor said. While speaking, the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the polytechnic, Mr Obini Onuchukwu, said the school authorities learnt about the incident like every other person. He said that the security department of the institution had been directed to get the full details of the case. He said the incident happened in a private hostel outside the school environment and the school authorities do not have control over students’ actions there. The state’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Haruna Mohammed, said the command was already investigating the case. He assured that the police would make their findings known to members of the public upon conclusion of the investigation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!