FOLLOWING the launch of its Microsoft Azure Stack service, MDXi, MainOne’s data centre subsidiary, becomes the first service provider in Nigeria to deliver Azure consistent services from an in-country data centre. MDXi’s Stack platform provided in partnership with Microsoft and HPE operated by Selectium, will enable companies currently seeking Azure Cloud services obtain the same world-class services closer to home, significantly reducing customer-facing latency. The MDXi Azure Stack offers an enterprise-grade hosting solution that complies with local regulatory standards, enabling more businesses in Nigeria simplify their ICT implementation and reap the benefits associated with Cloud operating models. These solutions apply across all sectors ranging from e-commerce solutions where local hosting enable transactions in a few milliseconds, to crystal clear voice call centre applications among others. The Cloud services enable businesses build modern applications across hybrid environments; allowing them to migrate critical applications from legacy technology to modernised and more efficient technology without having to go offshore. MDXi has provided Cloud and value-added services, including Cloud hosting solutions, disaster recovery and managed services, to various clients in large Enterprises and SMEs, over the past 5 years with best in-class uptime performance. In 2018, during the Presidential Enabling Business Environment Council (PEBEC) Impact Awards programme, the company won an award for its contribution to improving Nigeria’s rank in the “Ease of Doing Business” index through its hosting of critical applications for the CAC’s business registration website. MDXi’s dedication to best practices and world-class delivery has been critical for the organisation’s capacity to provide quality services in the deployment, operations and management of critical ICT infrastructure including Cloud solutions, services and network management facilities for clients across West Africa. Funke Opeke, Chief Executive Officer of MainOne highlighted the importance of the company’s role in enabling the digital economy in West Africa by providing world-class internet services, local data hosting infrastructure and ICT solutions to enable holistic growth. She stated: “MainOne has tapped into global knowledge and world-class solutions platforms by partnering with Microsoft and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) operated by Selectium, to launch the first locally available Microsoft Azure Stack Cloud service which is now available in Nigeria. With the exponential increase in data use that has accompanied society’s transition into the 21st Century, we understand the need for the cost effective and efficient hosting services that Cloud provides. That is why as businesses prepare to embrace emerging Cloud services, MainOne stands ready to be their Cloud partner of choice, enabling and empowering them with the right managed services to position them as competitive players on the global market stage.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!