The Nigerian equity market closed higher with a gain of 0.13 per cent, on Thursday, following bargain hunting on Banking stock. Basically, the All-Share Index (ASI) of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) increased by 27.99 absolute points, representing a growth of 0.13 per cent to close at 21,757.47 points. Similarly, the overall Market Capitalisation size gained N15.20 billion, representing a growth of 0.13 per cent to close at N11.34 trillion. Consequently, the Year to Date loss of the ASI moderated to 18.94 per cent. Market breadth closed positive with 24 gainers against eight losers even as the share prices of Guaranty Trust Bank (GTB), Union Bank of Nigeria, Access Bank and United Bank for Africa rose by 5.26 per cent, 10.00 per cent, 9.82 per cent and 7.29 per cent respectively thus, lifting the NSE Banking index by 5.99 per cent. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lagos Judiciary adjusts working hours of senior staff However, real sector companies did not enjoy investor’s favour today as the NSE Consumer Goods, NSE Oil/Gas and NSE Industrial declined by 4.61 per cent, 0.21 per cent and 0.16 per cent respectively. As against market breadth, market activity was weak as volume and value of stocks traded fell further by 26.26 per cent and 15.73 per cent to 0.17 billion units and N1.89 billion respectively. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!