Media professionals and communications scholars have described fake news as one of the biggest challenges confronting society, urging students and youths to be wary of information they circulate through social media. The professionals and scholars made the call while speaking at the 2020 edition of the Student-Veteran Interaction, organised by the Association of Mass Communication Students (AMCOS), University of Ilorin. The event was graced by Associate Professor, Dr. A.L Azeez; the Deputy Dean, Faculty of Communication and Information Sciences, Dr. Patrick Udende; Dr. Saudat Abdulbaqi, Dr. Rasak Adisa, Dr. Oba La’aro, Dr. Abdulgafar Arikewuyo, Mrs. Maryam Mustapha-Lambe, among others. They, however, enjoined the students to positively use social media to develop their skills rather than turning themselves into purveyors of fake news. Head of Mass Communication Department of the university, Dr. Mustapha Kayode Lambe, urged the students to uphold professionalism through their conduct while making use of the new media. He explained that the essence of the Students-Veteran Interaction, which is the first of its kind in any school of communications studies, was to sensitize the students on what obtains after the classroom as well to enable them to make informed decision on what aspect of Mass Communication to they want to specialize. Lambe said the university had made free Wi-Fi available for students to enable them to carry out research and add value to themselves, adding that the department would continue to trailblaze innovations that would distinguish its graduates from other universities in Nigeria and globally. Speaking on the theme of the event entitled: “Challenges of New Media in the Communication Industry”, Lagos State Governor’s Office Correspondent for New Telegraph, Mr. Muritala Ayinla, said that infiltration of fake news appeared to be the fastest-growing menace posing challenges in the communication industry. Kogi agency to spend N220m on community projects BREAKING: We will respect court judgment suspending… Venezuelan President urges women to have six children Oshiomhole suspension: Confusion as party spokesman, evade… He said that purveyors of hoax news don’t seem to be perturbed by the level of damage or the implications of the report on the people involved and the society at large. ”Unarguably, one of the biggest challenges in the communication industry today is the incursion of fake news which, in most cases, is threatening the authenticity of real news. Its spread is likened to a virus intruding into and destroying every fabric of the society, threatening the nation’s unity. ALSO READ: BREAKING: We will respect court judgment suspending Oshiomhole ― APC ”Like the dreaded coronavirus and other pandemics, the threat of fake news knows no boundaries: race, religion, status and other variables. Its consequences are felt by the high and the low; its dangerous trend has tainted the image of the mighty and the weak,” Ayinla said. Proffering solution to the scourge, he tasked the trained journalists and students of school of communication to dominate the social media with timely dissemination of factual account of events and ensure fact-checking of every bit of information at one’s disposal before publishing or spreading such information. Ayinla, who also cited the fake news on President Muhammadu Buhari’s alleged second wife and the case of a Nigerian, Dauda Onoruoiza, said to be involved in the Boeing 737-800 Ukrainian Airlines crash in January 8, 2020, enjoined media professionals to embark on due diligence before rushing to publish their reports. Also speaking, Mr. Emmanuel Nwachkwu of PR Redline, tasked the students to embrace the positive use of the new media instead of just posing for pictures or engaging in other mundane activities on it. He likened the new media to a market where all manner of distractions take place, adding that to actively use the technology, one must focus on the goal one intends to achieve. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN