German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been quarantined after a doctor who gave her a vaccine tested positive for coronavirus. Ms Merkel was informed about the doctor’s test shortly after holding a news conference Sunday about new measures to curb the spread of the virus, her spokesman Steffen Seibert said. In a statement, Mr Seibert said the chancellor had received a precautionary vaccine Friday against pneumococcal infection. He added the 65-year-old would work from home for the time being and undergo “regular tests” for COVID-19 in the coming days. It comes as US Senator Rand Paul posted on twitter that he has tested positive for the illness- the first US senator to say they have caught it. In the conference Ms Merkel held shortly before being told about the doctor’s diagnosis, she announced a nationwide ban on public meetings of more than two people outside of work. ALSO READ: Pope calls for world prayer to stop coronavirus She said the ban would be in place for at least two weeks. Under the stricter rules, Ms Merkel announced restaurants will be restricted to takeaway. She added that hairdressers – as well as beauty, massage and tattoo parlours – must close. The chancellor expressed gratitude to Germans who were following the social distancing rule of staying at least 1.5 metres apart. “Thank you. I know it means making sacrifices, both personal and economic,” Ms Merkel said. “I am very moved that so many people are obeying the rules. That’s how we show that we care for older people and the sick, for whom the virus is the most dangerous. In short, that’s how we save lives.” “The great aim is to gain time in the fight against the virus.” (sky news) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Man With Coronavirus Stayed In Ibadan For Two Weeks Undetected ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government announced Wednesday evening that a man who tested positive for coronavirus stayed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital for two weeks before moving to Ekiti State where his status was confirmed. The disclosure created apprehension across Ibadan and Ekiti state where the extensive trace of… Read story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!