I don’t think people realise the impact of a first impression  when they first meet someone. I once told someone that ‘’your clothing speaks long before you do.’’ That  means whether you say a word or not, what you are wearing is talking. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Your clothing could be talking softly, or it could talk very loudly. What do you want your wardrobe to say for you? Or better still, what do you want your clothes not to say for you? As a fashion designer, my job is to get to know my customers well enough to help them communicate the overall message they want to convey with their image/dressing. Clothing can communicate your position in a company. It can communicate how much you need the other person’s business in a sales negotiation. It can communicate what your level of attention to detail is or your lack of it. So what is your wardrobe saying about you? Are your clothes communicating that you are done and tired of business and the problems of life are getting at you? Or are they conveying how serious you are about what you do? Or that you enjoy what you do? The interesting part of it all is that your clothing sends these message long before you ever say a word. It’s not about brand names or styles. It’s about how it fits, how it feels, and what  message it is communicating.  Omolara Adeleke, Ibadan  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!