A Non-Governmental Organisation, Igbo for President Solidarity Congress (IPSC) on Monday urged Nigerians across the country to support the South East to produce the next President in the 2023 general election. The Group led by its President, Hon. Dr. Olukayode Oshiariyo gave the clarion call at a press briefing held in Abuja, passionately appealed to all the political stakeholders, opinion moulders, human rights advocacy groups, ethnic nationalities and particularly registered political parties to rally mass support for Igbo man or woman to become the President of Nigeria. In the bid to achieve the feat, Hon. Oshiariyo unveiled plans to collaborate with all political interest groups, Ohaneze Ndigbo, the Ezes, Emirs, Obas, Chiefs and opinion moulders in achieving the feat. “Reminisce on the eventful amalgamation of northern and southern protectorates by British Colonial Maters in 1914. The union of people with diverse cultures, traditions, and religion from the Niger areas, to create what is known as Nigeria is by the divine intervention of God. Nigeria could be what God has designed her to be if only, we have trusted, reliable, patriotic, visionary and God-fearing leaders. ALSO READ: Royal farewell: Harry and Meghan bow out from official roles “Our democratic governance had been stable since 1999, as another president late Alhaji Musa Yar’Adua, a northwestern emerged winner of 2007 general elections. Due to his sickness and eventual demise, his vice, President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, a south Southerner became President, and he contested and emerged winner in 2011 general elections. “He re-contested in 2015 but lost to retired Muhammadu Buhari, a North Westerner. President Muhammadu Buhari recontested and won in 2019 general elections, and by 2023 power will conventionally move to the South, and it is the turn of the southeast zone. The South West and South-South have produced presidents in the persons of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo and Dr. Goodluck Jonathan respectively. “The task before the political leadership of the southeast zone is image laundry and commitment to the realization of the Igbo Presidency in 2023, as it will not be given on a platter of gold. The clarion call of Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide which said that it is easier to achieve Igbo Presidency than Biafra Independence must not only be heeded but all hands must be on deck to actualize same, as it cannot be taken with levity. “The journey is tempestuous, as Igbo must be prepared to cross the Niger and Benue Rivers and trek the deserts. The agitation by proscribed indigenous people of Biafra (IPOB) and similar groups had aggravated anxiety and distrust. These negative tendencies and vagaries must be obliterated from the consciousness of average Nigerians. “We cannot afford to sacrifice the rights of Igbo to rule Nigeria on the altar of secession as the military government of General Yakubu Gowon a Northerner, had issued an executive order of reconciliation, reconstruction, and rehabilitation. ALSO READ: Poor market, mechanisation stagnating agric development ― Minister “The mantra: No Victor, No Vanquished should be allowed to come to reality for the sustenance of national unity, peace, integration, and progress. Besides, history has recorded the intentions of other regions to secede. In 1953 when the British granted Nigeria self-government, the North expressed its unpreparedness to accept, and under intense pressure threatened to secede. “In 1993 when Chief MKO Abiola’s election victory was annulled, the West tended to establish the Oodua Republic in response to the injustice perpetrated against the Yoruba to become Nigerian President,” he noted. While urging all Nigerians to ensure equity in the choice of the president in 2023, Hon. Oshiariyo warned against encouraging “a sort of Pakistan in this country. The North and the South are one, whether we wish it or not. The forces of history have made it so. We have a common destiny; so too, the East and the West. Any attempt from any source to create dissension and make the North feel that is different from the South, the West and the East, or to make any particular nationality or tribe in Nigeria feel it is different from other, should be depreciated,” he urged. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN