Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State has directed that all schools both public and private should remain closed for 30 days as agreed by North West governors. Addressing journalists in Gusau on Friday, the state commissioner for Information Sulaiman Tunau Anka remarked that the decision was taken after convening a meeting of stakeholders. ‘A  meeting of the relevant stakeholders which include Ministries of Education, Higher Education, Science and Technology, and directed them to take all appropriate measures to contain the spread of the deadly virus. ALSO READ: Buhari greets Gov Ugwuanyi at 56 “Specifically, Zamfara State Government has directed that all schools, both public and private, should be closed for a period of 30 days, beginning from Monday 23rd of March 2020. “Similarly, all public gatherings are suspended until further notice. “Traditional, religious and community leaders are called upon to lend their support to these measures which are taken in good faith to promote public safety. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story  2023: The PDP Challenge To The APC In South-West IT is an indubitable fact that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), at the height of its glory, dominated the political landscape since the advent of the current democratic dispensation, especially between 1999 and 2011. Its sphere of, though gradually waning particularly in the South-West and some parts… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!