The Benin Electricity Distribution Company (BEDC) has assured consumers that the new reviewed tariff will help to revolutionise electricity distribution in Edo, Delta, Ondo and Ekiti states. This was disclosed by the BEDC Chief State Head, Ondo and Ekiti states, Mrs Kunbi Labiyi, during a presentation held in Akure, the Ondo State, during a Public Consultation Forum organised by the Company ahead of the tariff review. Labiyi said the new tariff would also aid the provision of top services to customers by embarking on network re-alignment and provide dedicated express feeders to supply 24-hour power service to identified customer groups. She said: “This would actualise the proposal for an embedded power of about 300 megawatts under the willing buyer, willing seller arrangement with independent power generators outside the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) national grid. “This will definitely boost power supply and meet the needs of our customers. She assured customers that it would also improve supply to commercial entities across its coverage states, ensure job creation and balance social lives, while about 500 distribution substations would be injected to strengthen existing network. ALSO READ: Bayelsa poll: We have done nothing wrong asking for review ― Olanipekun Labiyi explained that with the number of transmission stations, it will help BEDC to reduce overloading and mitigate load growth, stressing that “ageing equipment will be replaced in the next years to improve general public safety and ensure quality power to customers.” Gatherings banned, travel restricted as coronavirus cases… Community policing: Bauchi govt to empower local hunters Bayelsa poll: We have done nothing wrong asking for review ―… NCAA harmonises coronavirus preventive measures at airports “Plan is ongoing to invest in electrification of electrified areas and strengthening of the existing network” Labiyi added, that the company also plans to ensure 100 per cent metering under the Meter Asset Provider (MAP) and 100 per cent enumeration and proper mapping of customers to transformers and feeders. In addressing customer complaints further, BEDC said it would equip its Call Centre to a level that customer issues would be resolved at a point of discussion thereby making the Call Centre a one-stop-shop for complaints resolution with further automation of BEDC network infrastructure, while it assured that NERC Forum offices in Ondo and Ekiti will equally be commissioned to address customer complaints. The company noted that in all the electricity value chain process, the customer was king and critical to the sustenance of the sector, encouraging them to pay their bills as at when due, saying this would ensure adequate, reliable and affordable power supply. In his opening remarks, Manager, Network Engineering Division, Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), Engr Aluko Ayodele, said the public forum on tariff review became imperative to distinguishes the power sector from others which makes it compulsory for all discos to consult their customers who are the key stakeholders before they can embark on any review. Ayodele said that NERC performs dual roles within the power sector, by ensuring that customers are not exploited unnecessarily through the regulation of tariff and also to ensure that investors’ interests are protected which creates a balance between the two. “NERC has just released an order placing a cap ceiling on estimated billing which is one of the most significant steps taken by the regulator to protect customers against exploitative billing so far. “The essence of this is to ensure that all DisCos meters their customers and bill them based on actual consumption when the tariff is reviewed soon.” He urged customers to use the public forum to engage their service provider constructively on areas where improvements are needed on the network. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN