New York’s governor on Monday pleaded with health-care workers from across the United States to come help treat coronavirus patients in the state, as confirmed cases there surged to 66,500. “I am asking health-care professionals across the country, if you don’t have a health-care crisis in your community, please come help us in New York now,” Andrew Cuomo told a news briefing. Cuomo said the state’s doctors and nurses needed relief and vowed to “return the favour” when there is “an intense issue somewhere else in the nation.” “The numbers are already staggering … We’ve lost over 1,000 New Yorkers,” Cuomo said. But in a hopeful note, he said that while the number of hospitalizations continues to rise, the rate at which it is growing is tapering off, doubling every six days compared with every two or three days before. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Nigeria confirms 20 new cases, toll rises to 131 The governor also hit back at US President Donald Trump’s suggestion that New York hospitals were squandering protective gear, saying the state is creating a stockpile of supplies to prepare for the “apex” of the outbreak. Earlier on Monday, a 1,000-bed hospital ship docked in Manhattan to help relieve the city’s overwhelmed hospitals by treating patients who do not have the virus. “This is like adding another hospital here in New York City,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said, while acknowledging the city needs to triple its hospital bed capacity by May. So far there have been more than 2,800 deaths and over 153,200 confirmed cases in the US, according to Johns Hopkins University data. (DPA) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Abba Kyari And His COVID-19 PATIENTS are afraid of contracting the disease from doctors; doctors are afraid of getting infected by patients. It is a perfect medical standoff certain to breed a disaster. How does a country handle this? Yet, it is a war foretold but our cripple ignored the clear warnings… Read full article