As Coronavirus- COVID-19 continues to spread across the globe, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has warned that Nigeria cannot afford to shut down her economy; hence the need to strengthen our preparedness to successfully contain its spread as a nation. The NCDC gave the warning as it also declared that Nigeria is currently dealing with the largest outbreak of Lassa fever in history. It, however, explained that that Coronavirus cannot be transmitted through money in circulation as being speculated, but warned that the epidemic potential of Coronavirus is disruptive in nature, and Nigeria cannot afford to go that route. He pointed out that it is capable of collapsing the economy of a country as seen in China if efforts are not made towards containing the outbreak The Director-General of the National Center for Disease Control (NCDC), Chikwe Ihekweazu, said: “Why Coronavirus is important is because of its epidemic potential. Anyone that is following the global economy and understands what has happened to China’s economy in the last months will understand why it is important to strengthen our preparedness. China’s economy has really been affected, businesses shut, supply chains disrupted and this is what we want to prevent in Nigeria. ALSO READ: Ex-minister, Lukman, signed controversial agreement with P&ID, witness tells court “With the state of our economy, we cannot afford that level of disruption to our way of life. At the same time, because of the disruptive nature of epidemics, we also need to focus on the preparedness of Coronavirus because we cannot afford the disruption of the Nigerian economy at this time and that is why we are investing in health security, corporate Nigerians coming together to support the work that we are doing.” Also, against the reports that the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) could be transmitted via money notes, NCDC Director waved off the claims saying that the commodity is not a potential transmitter of the disease. Company announces home diagnostic kit for coronavirus Buhari speaks on coronavirus, warns against panic Coronavirus: Oil prices, jobs slashed as global coronavirus… BREAKING: We’ve identified those who had contact with… He explained that the disease cannot survive more than a few minutes outside the human body. Ihekweazu who spoke on a national television programme, Sunrise Daily, said that the virus can primarily be transmitted via droplets and surfaces. His words: “We have been open and transparent in providing public advisories on how this virus is being transmitted. If there is a specific risk, we will provide Nigerians with that information. Let me state categorically, this virus cannot sustain in an environment for more than a few minutes. “It is transmitted through two primary means. One is called droplet infection. So if you are sneezing, people within two meters to where you are standing could get infected. Sometimes on the surfaces, people who sneeze don’t wash their hands and put their hands on surfaces can lead to transmission. “The virus cannot sustain itself outside the human body for a long period of time. Unless someone has sneezed into a money note and gives it to you and you immediately touch it and put it in your nose. But if it is money that has been in circulation randomly, obviously there is no risk for Nigerians. “The big risk is to ensure that we contain the contacts of these individuals and to all Nigerians, I just want to say you should continue with your basic hygiene, wash your hands frequently, don’t wait for an outbreak to do that.” On reports that Nigerians should focus more on malaria, the DG explained that although malaria is a huge challenge, focus on CODVID-19 became imperative considering its high epidemic potential. He, however, admitted that Nigerian is dealing with the outbreak of the largest Lassa fever in history; while malaria and TB is a serious problem. “Yes, we have had multiple outbreaks in Nigeria. In fact, right now we are dealing with an outbreak of the largest Lassa fever in our history. Yes, malaria is a big problem in Nigeria, yes, TB is a big problem and we have to keep focusing on these. Why Coronavirus is important is because of its epidemic potential. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN