The governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, on Wednesday, announced that the state would have been infected with coronavirus if security agents had not prevented an infected person from boarding a flight from Abuja into Port Harcourt. He, therefore, ordered the immediate closure of all land, sea and air borders into the state in order to curb the spread of coronavirus. According to the information which was shared on a twitter handle @GovWike, the measure will take effect “from 6 am on Thursday, March 26, 2020.” “It is with gratitude to God that I announce to you that our State would have been infected with coronavirus yesterday, but for the vigilance of security agents who, acting on a tip-off prevented an infected person from boarding a flight from Abuja to Port Harcourt. “The infected person beat all security measures that were put in place at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and was to sneak into Port Harcourt before security agents stopped her. ALSO READ: COVID-19: My test, my wife’s came back negative ― Gov Oyetola “Based on this alarming Information, the State Security Council met yesterday and reviewed measures already put in place and decided that there was urgent need to adopt stringent measures to protect those living and doing business in the state from the virus.” He also mentioned that movements in and out of the state have been banned and the state needs to be cautious because coronavirus has ravaged many countries. “Security Agencies have been empowered to strictly enforce this directive. There will be no room for sacred cows because the virus is no respecter of persons. All religious leaders should note that all forms of open worship including crusades and vigils were banned. “Public Burials and weddings were prohibited, while public parks, night clubs and Cinemas were directed to close down,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!