Civil Society Organisations under the aegis of Civil Society on HIV/AIDS in Nigeria had decried poor awareness creation of COVID-19 at the grassroots to ensure that they can seek medical advice promptly if they notice signs and symptoms of COVID-19. Mr Seun Onifade, CISHAN’s Chairman, in a communique issued at the end of one-day sensitisation meeting for civil society organisations said to dispel the many myths and misinformation on the virus require increased involvement of the civil society organisations at the grassroots. ALSO READ: Gombe gov hails emergence of Murtala Aliyu as ACF Secretary-General He stated that the government should do more to sensitise people on the about the need to avoid congested places and large gatherings of people even as more isolation centres be created all over the country for people that may require to be isolated. Onifade, who cautioned on individuals patronising second-hand materials and items because of the possibility of COVID-19 contamination, and said CSOs will be willing to help monitor compliance of individuals on self-quarantine. He added, “NCDC should support the CSOs with information, education and counselling (IEC) material to take COVID 19 messages to the grassroots. People need to know that the most important means of preventing the virus is washing of hands with soap under running water as often as possible.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story 2023: The PDP Challenge To The APC In South-West IT is an indubitable fact that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), at the height of its glory, dominated the political landscape since the advent of the current democratic dispensation, especially between 1999 and 2011. Its sphere of, though gradually waning particularly in the South-West and some parts… Read full story  US Announces Approval Of Chloroquine For Treatment Of Coronavirus The US has approved the anti-malarial drug chloroquine for use as a treatment against the new coronavirus, President Donald Trump said Thursday.  “We’re going to be able to make that drug available almost immediately, and that’s where the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) has been so great,”… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!