 Two-time Chief Press Secretary to former governor of Ekiti State, Mr Ayo Fayose, Elder Idowu Adelusi and his wife, Oluwatoyin, were among other dignitaries that were honoured as the church’s patron and choir’s patroness at the installation and thanksgiving service, last Sunday, at the Christ Apostolic Church, Oke Igbega, Adekile, Ibadan, Oyo State. Others include Deaconess Felicia Omolaye (Church’s Patroness); Elder Matthew Owoseni, church’s Secretary; Mr Oluwatoyin Ojelabi, assistant church secretary; Mr Paul Makinde and Mr Benjamin Joseph,  elders; Mr Olalere Muyiwa, choir patron; Mr Ademola Ojelabi, youth patron and Deaconess Wojuade Aderemi, the youth patroness. Adelusi and Omolaye were installed and blessed by Pastor Ezekiel Gbadamosi (AGS) as the church’s patron and patroness (Baba Ijo and Iya Ijo) respectively, just as some other members were appointed with various positions of the church. Speaking at the event, the guest preacher, Assistant General Superintendent and chairman, CAC Ibadan Coordinating Council III, Aremo, Pastor Joseph Agbeniga, stressed that  offices in the vineyard are not ceremonial, but a call to the service of God. ALSO READ:Protecting Your Child From COVID-19 Infection He advised that anyone holding a sensitive position in the church should  not be overwhelmed or intoxicated by such position that may lead to confrontation or action against the leadership of the church. “These calls are sensitive and they are designed to complement the effort of leadership of the church as well as explore the divine gift of God in people. The leadership cannot do it all. That is why we the church appoint people into some sensitive positions in the church. So, everyone that has been bestowed this opportunity in the vineyard should hold it judiciously and with a  high sense of responsibility because it requires more commitment, diligence, sacrifice, call to work of God and winning more souls for Christ,” he added. The Assembly Pastor, Pastor John Titiloye (AGS) also used the event to charge the congregation and Christians at large to rebuke the pandemic disease, coronavirus, especially in Nigeria, while he also appreciated clerics that came to identify with the church at the occasion. In his remarks, the newly installed Baba Ijo, Adelusi, expressed his delight with the success of the event, just as he noted that it was a new task and call to higher service in God. “I thank God for my life and the grace to do His will. I can’t thank the church authorities enough for the recognition and the trust to have added to my responsibility in the vineyard as the Baba Ijo. I can only ask for special anointing because a soldier going to war front will not rejoice until he returns as victorious soldier.  I pray God will grant me the wisdom and everything I need to do the work. I also want to appreciate and thank everyone that came from far and near to celebrate with me. May God bless you all,” he added.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE