Solution to the crisis rocking the Lagos State House of Assembly may have been found as the national leader of All Progressives (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Tuesday alongside members of Governor’s Advisory Committee (GAC) met with the Speaker, Hon. Mudashiru Ajayi Obasa and all the four lawmakers that were suspended by the House leadership. It would be recalled that the chief whip, Hon. Rotimi Abiru and the deputy majority leader, Hon. Muyiwa Jimoh were relieved of their positions and suspended indefinitely along with two others lawmakers including Hon. Moshood Oshun and Hon. Raheem Kazeem Adewale. The lawmakers were accused of alleged insubordination, gross indiscipline and actions capable of destabilising the House while a committee set up to resolve the matter was later stopped from carrying out its assigned duties, with the speaker vowing that the decision to suspend the members was irreversible. ALSO READ: Buhari okays appointment of new Perm Secs for 16 states Nigerian Tribune learnt that the meeting held at the State House, Marina, and lasted for hours was to report the outcome of Monday’s parley between the GAC members, the speaker and the aggrieved lawmakers to the APC national leader. Tinubu, it was learnt had directed that the GAC to summon the speaker and the aggrieved lawmakers to the meeting with a way to resolving the crisis, which has lingered for some weeks now. Details of the meeting are not yet available but all the four affected lawmakers were later sighted seeing off the speaker, Hon. Obasa to his car after the meeting, as they waved him off with delight. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!