The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Oyo State Council has warned members to stop all physical interviews to prevent being infected by coronavirus (COVID-19). This is contained in a statement jointly signed by its chairman, Mr Ademola Babalola and secretary, Mr Sola Oladapo, and made available to newsmen on Sunday in Ibadan. The NUJ warned members to be cautious in performing their roles as essential service providers, saying the extent at which the virus was spreading is very alarming. “Truly, our services are very essential at this period when the world is ravaged by coronavirus (COVID-19). The public looks on to us for information on this global pandemic. “Our job leaves us more exposed to the ravaging coronavirus. The rate at which this coronavirus is spreading has become very alarming and it is no respecter of anyone. “As journalists, we must be very careful of how we carry out our duties without being infected,” it said. NUJ commended members for their services at this trying period, praying that God would continue to protect them from all forms of infections. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: UCH CMD Tests Positive For Coronavirus The Chief Medical doctor, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the CMD… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Immigration CG, Babandede, Tests Positive For Coronavirus • He is responding to treatment ― Immigration spokesperson The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Mr Muhammed Babandede, on Sunday confirmed he has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). He had gone into self-isolation after taken ill on his return from a trip to the United Kingdom, with a Deputy Comptroller General overseeing the administration of the service… Read full story Fear Of Coronavirus Hits EFCC The coronavirus pandemic has grounded the operations of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) to a halt. According to findings, the acting chairman of the Commission, Ibrahim Magu has ordered that some measures be put in place to ensure that the virus is contained in the commission’s facility across the country… Read full story COVID-19: Osun Announces Total Lockdown Of State As Oyetola Discloses Second Confirmed Case The Osun State Government has announced the total lockdown of the state, on Tuesday, following the confirmation of the second case of COVID-19. The Government reaffirmed the commitment to shut down all the land boundaries effective from midnight, Sunday, March 29, 2020… Read full story Nigerians Brace For Tough Times As Food Prices Shoot Up With coronavirus ravaging the country and governments announcing closure of markets and malls, prices of foodstuffs and other essential items have begun to shoot up across the country.  And while many Nigerians are reeling under the yoke of tough economic times and unemployment, state governments have started to… Read full article Ondo Explosion: I Prayed Against Death As Church Collapsed On Us –Church Founder I was in the church around midnight when suddenly I heard a loud sound and before I knew what was happening, the whole church had collapsed on me. I started praying, calling for help from the Holy Spirit to save me and others in the church. I started praying against the death of any of the church members under the rubble … Read full interview We Are Working On Palliatives, Makinde Tells Oyo People OYO State Governor, Seyi Makinde, on Saturday, informed residents of the state that his government is already working on palliatives to ease the pressure on them  following the partial shutdown of activities as part of the precautionary measures to curtail the spread of COVID-19… Read full story Victims Count Losses As Explosion Destroys 70 Buildings, Injures 13 In Ondo No fewer than 70 houses were on Saturday destroyed in Eleyowo/Iluabo communities on the Akure–Owo Expressway in Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State when objects suspected to be explosives exploded in the area. The blast, which occurred around 12:57a.m., left about 13 people injured… Read full article 