Suicide is a major cause of mortality worldwide. It is a human tragedy that accounts for an estimated one million deaths annually. This translates into at least one death resulting from suicide every 40 seconds. The magnitude of the problem is further compounded by the fact that the incidence of attempted suicide is about twenty-five times more than that of completed suicide. Every act of suicide impacts on at least six other individuals. Although mental health awareness is slowly becoming a mainstay of contemporary media, historically, Nigerians saw depression as the ‘White man’s sickness’ and believed their beer (alcohol) could cure everything. Currently, one wonders how the Nigerian perception of mental health is with stats that rank Nigeria as a top five suicide prone country. Many suicides happen in Nigeria impulsively in moments of crisis with a breakdown in the ability to deal with life stresses such as financial problems, relationship break-up or chronic pain and illness. In addition, experiencing conflict, disaster, violence, abuse, or loss and a sense of isolation are strongly associated with suicidal behaviour. The daily increase of suicide have become alarming day by day, the government does a little, the Nigeria people has become a thorn in one another’s flesh, the economy is bad, society has failed us, therapy cost thousands in each session, counsellors charge thousands of naira just to book an appointment with them in a country where millions can’t afford a square meal. Attempting suicide is a criminal offence in Nigeria under Section 327 of the Criminal Code Act, and carries a penalty of up to one year in prison. A holdover from when Nigeria was a British colony, the law was abolished in Britain under the Suicide Act of 1961 which happened after Nigeria gained independence in 1960. One unusual aspect of Nigeria’s rates, however, is the gender breakdown. Male suicide rates tend to be significantly higher than female rates around the world, but in Nigeria the figures are very similar. The age standardised male rate is 17.5 per 100,000 people, while the female rate is 17.1. Taken separately, Nigeria has the 56th highest suicide rate among men, but the third highest among women. Mental disorders include depression, bipolar affective disorder, schizophrenia and other psychoses, dementia, intellectual disabilities and developmental disorders including autism. Nigeria still battling 50-year-old issues  ­—Esele, ex-TUC… None issuance of visa to SCOAN pilgrims truncated Air… 7th AMVCA: Bimbo Ademoye, Daniel Etim Effiong, Reminisce and… Copyright is still a big challenge in comedy —Peteru There is a strong stigma attached to notions of mental illness in Nigeria and, in this deeply religious country, people are often encouraged to take solace in their church and mosque rather than to visit a doctor. Moreover, Nigeria currently lacks the infrastructure necessary to deal with mental health problems. Despite having the largest number of mental cases in Africa, Nigeria has one of the lowest numbers of psychiatrists in the world. Nigeria must not wait for more of its citizens to take their own lives before coming up with a workable mechanism to stem the tide. Suicide is gaining ground; it is spreading like a bushfire and threatening to embrace more people. Remember that your mental health is just as important as your physical health and depression can affect both.  Lanre Akinbo, Lagos. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN