A Yoruba group, Oodua Youth Coalition(OYC), has called state governments across the South-West of Nigeria, not to joke with the welfare, well-being, health and safety of the people in the land following the confirmed cases of coronavirus in states in the region. OYC, rising from an emergency meeting conveyed as a result of the new, suspected cases in Lagos, Ekiti and Ondo in Ibadan, Oyo State, demanded “that the governors, who are expected to take charge of the happenings in their respective states, must protect their citizens from the infiltration of the deadly virus into their states. The group asks that people are citizens first before becoming political party members and apologists.” The statement, signed by the National President, Oluyi Akintade ‘Tayo and Oluwagbenga Ajongbolo, the National Publicity Secretary, also noted that state government must deepen the awareness programs on Coronavirus into the hinterlands. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: CAN declares national prayer days, tells churches to follow health guidelines According to the group, “We are concerned that the rural dwellers, who mostly do not have access to television and social media, are denied information on the pandemic. The state governments must do all to take the messages on cautionary and preventive measures to those in the hinterlands, who make up a large proportion of the population. ‘We note too that these rural dwellers may not have easier access to early treatment in case of an outbreak. The governments are advised to translate the messages to Yoruba and other local languages in the land and increase the awareness through community heads, traditional rulers, religious leaders, youth groups and community-based associations and organisations.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Senator Shuaibu Returns To APC Secretariat Says I’m Not Sure Oshiomhole Will Heed My Advice Estranged deputy national chairman, North of the All Progressives Congress, Senator Lawan Shuaibu returned to the party national secretariat on Wednesday. Recall that the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole announced the reversal of the suspension of Senator Shuaibu and the… Read full story  Covid-19: Lagos Govt To Shut Down Schools From Monday Lagos State government said it is closing down all public and private schools in the state from Monday, 23rd March 2020 as part of the preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The State Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folashade Adefisayo, disclosed this in a statement made available to… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!