Some churches in Kaduna metropolis provided sanitisers, checked the temperature of worshippers and held special prayers as part of measures to seek God’s intervention against the further spread of coronavirus in the state. At the Sanctuary of Favour parish of the Redeemed Christian church (RCCG) Mando, hand sanitisers were administered on worshippers including children and their temperature was checked before they were allowed to enter the church. The Zonal parish pastor, Steven Olorunsola disclosed that the church as critical stakeholder obeyed the government’s directives by restricting gathering to 50. He said: “We divided the Sunday service to five in order to ensure that we have less than the 50 attending each session.” Olorunsola remarked that just like Ebola and Lassa fever that have become history, he is optimistic that COVID-19 will also become history. At United Church of Christ (HEKAN) District Maigero Kaduna, sanitisers were also provided for worshippers as the church was filled to the brim. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Lagos, transport unions agree on loading capacity for big, mini buses This, Nigerian Tribune reports was because the church had earlier decided to organise a special prayer against the further spread of the disease. Chairman of the District, Reverend Acts Yunana who doubles as the Assistant General Secretary of HEKAN church in Nigeria at a combined service said everyone must return to God. According to him, as children of God, we must submit all our problems to him, adding that fear and blame game will not do the world any good against coronavirus or any other killer diseases. “The word of God teaches us not to entertain any fear but always put our trust in God. Fear will only bring disunity and cause more confusion among us,” he declared. He then used the opportunity to encourage Christians and all Nigerians to remain firm in their faith and not to entertain fear as according to him, God will again prove himself by delivering us from the global disease. “The Holy Bible says do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation give thanks to God.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!