The dating reality show that has been the rave of the moment in Nigeria and Africa, Ultimate Love, ended today with the couple, Roksie, winning the show. The couple had won the hearts of fans of the show with the unique expression of love and went ahead of Iykeresa, Bolar, Double Chris and Chivia in the finals to win the show. ALSO READ: I started my blogging career from Facebook ― Timothy Ozovehe By winning, they walk away with a cash prize of N5.150m, gifts, a N10m sponsored traditional wedding and a house if they eventually get married. Details later… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: UCH CMD Tests Positive For Coronavirus The Chief Medical doctor, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the CMD… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Immigration CG, Babandede, Tests Positive For Coronavirus • He is responding to treatment ― Immigration spokesperson The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Mr Muhammed Babandede, on Sunday confirmed he has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). He had gone into self-isolation after taken ill on his return from a trip to the United Kingdom, with a Deputy Comptroller General overseeing the administration of the service… Read full story Fear Of Coronavirus Hits EFCC The coronavirus pandemic has grounded the operations of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) to a halt. According to findings, the acting chairman of the Commission, Ibrahim Magu has ordered that some measures be put in place to ensure that the virus is contained in the commission’s facility across the country… Read full story COVID-19: Osun Announces Total Lockdown Of State As Oyetola Discloses Second Confirmed Case The Osun State Government has announced the total lockdown of the state, on Tuesday, following the confirmation of the second case of COVID-19. The Government reaffirmed the commitment to shut down all the land boundaries effective from midnight, Sunday, March 29, 2020… Read full story Nigerians Brace For Tough Times As Food Prices Shoot Up With coronavirus ravaging the country and governments announcing closure of markets and malls, prices of foodstuffs and other essential items have begun to shoot up across the country.  And while many Nigerians are reeling under the yoke of tough economic times and unemployment, state governments have started to… Read full article