Determined to stem the spread of coronavirus in the Enugu State, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi on Tuesday ordered the ban of all forms of social and political gatherings with immediate effect. Ugwuanyi said that in addition to the above measures, there would now be a suspension of marriage and burial ceremonies, masquerade festivals, drinking bars, night clubs and all group sporting and recreational activities. The governor who gave the directive in a state-wide broadcast also announced that civil servants and public servants in the state would henceforth work from their respective homes. According to him, “with immediate effect, all educational institutions in the State stand closed, adding that “public officers/civil servants to work from home till further notice except health workers, forest guards, neighbourhood watch personnel, water corporation staff, waste management operatives, the staff of Enugu State Emergency Management Agency, firefighters and all those involved in essential services.” ALSO READ: Trump warns coronavirus shutdown could ‘destroy a country’ He also ordered that “all public transport operators in the state are to observe the following rules on passenger conveyance: “Keke – not more than two passengers, commuter buses- not more than two passengers per seat, city cab- not more than 3 passengers. “All public places to observe a high level of hygiene by use of sanitizers and frequent hand washing as earlier advised by the Enugu State Ministry of Health. “The law enforcement agencies in the State have been directed to enforce strict compliance with the above-stated measures.” Governor Ugwuanyi also advised residents of the State to make provisions for basic needs as they await further advice. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story FG, States, LGs Share N581.566bn February Allocation The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC) has shared a total of N581.566 billion February 2020 Federation Account revenue to the federal, states and local government areas in the country. This was announced after a rescheduled meeting of the Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) held in Abuja… Read full story  FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!