As part of preventive efforts to curb the spread of coronavirus and in furtherance of its determination to protect judges and court staffs, the Oyo State judiciary has ordered the suspension of all court sittings for an initial period of two weeks. The Chief Judge of Oyo State, Justice Munta Abimbola made the order on Monday in a circular distributed to all courts within the state, adding that the break which will commence with immediate effect on Tuesday, March 24, 2020, will be for an initial period of two weeks at the first instance. ALSO READ: UPDATE: Gombe inaugurates task force to review, monitor coronavirus pandemic Justice Abimbola said the two weeks break must be sacrosanct except in matters that are urgent, essential or time-bound according to the court’s extant laws. The Chief Judge’s order was sequel to a circular with reference number NJC/CIR/HIC/629, dated March 23, 2020, issued by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Tanko Muhammed on the closure of courts. Consequently, from March 24, high courts and magistrates courts across Oyo State will not sit for a period of two weeks due to spread of the coronavirus in Nigeria except in urgent cases in which dates will be communicated to lawyers and litigants. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!