The police in Abuja, on Wednesday, paraded 108 suspected criminals arrested for various crimes in the territory. Among the suspects was a kidnap kingpin, Haruna (surname withheld), who organised the abduction of his half brother and in an operation in which his nephew was killed. The suspect was paraded alongside others for various criminal activities ranging from kidnapping, armed robbery, gunrunning to human trafficking by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), DCP Frank Mba, with DCP Abba Kyari and DCP Yussuf Kolo, the Commanders of the Inspector General of Police, Intelligence Response Team, IGP-IRT and Special Tactical Squad, IGP-STS respectively. The suspect confirmed that his kidnapped half-brother was kept away for 10 days by the gang and was only released after a ransom of N1 million was paid by the family, out of which he got a share of N200,00, which he used to buy a landed property. The police in Abuja, on Wednesday, paraded 108 suspected criminals arrested for various crimes in the territory. Among the suspects was a kidnap kingpin, Haruna (surname withheld), who organised the abduction of his half brother and in an operation in which his nephew was killed. The suspect was paraded alongside others for various criminal activities ranging from kidnapping, armed robbery, gunrunning to human trafficking by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), DCP Frank Mba, with DCP Abba Kyari and DCP Yussuf Kolo, the Commanders of the Inspector General of Police, Intelligence Response Team, IGP-IRT and Special Tactical Squad, IGP-STS respectively. The suspect confirmed that his kidnapped half-brother was kept away for 10 days by the gang and was only released after a ransom of N1 million was paid by the family, out of which he got a share of N200,00, which he used to buy a landed property. ALSO READ:  Alleged pension fraud: I did not plot to assassinate anyone, escape from prison ― Maina He said that the gang members had gone for the operation on the faithful day at Katari village in Kaduna State, during which his nephew was shot dead. Shedding more light on the incident, the FPRO said that police crack detective worked on the theory that whether the deceased nephew was able to recognise any of the kidnappers which prompted his instant killing. He, however, vowed that the police would everything possible to unravel the mystery surrounding the killing and nefarious activities of the gangsters. In a related development, another kidnap king, Mohammed (surname withheld) whose operational base was the busy Abuja-Kaduna highway was paraded alongside his gang members, during which he confessed that the tight security mounted on the road by operatives of the IGP-IRT and IGP-STS had forced the gang members out of business. He said that the gang members had gone for the operation on the faithful day at Katari village in Kaduna State, during which his nephew was shot dead. Shedding more light on the incident, the FPRO said that police crack detective worked on the theory that whether the deceased nephew was able to recognise any of the kidnappers which prompted his instant killing. He, however, vowed that the police would everything possible to unravel the mystery surrounding the killing and nefarious activities of the gangsters. In a related development, another kidnap king, Mohammed (surname withheld) whose operational base was the busy Abuja-Kaduna highway was paraded alongside his gang members, during which he confessed that the tight security mounted on the road by operatives of the IGP-IRT and IGP-STS had forced the gang members out of business. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!