Management and Staff of the APPEALS Project National Coordinating Office has received the new National Project Coordinator, Mr. Mohammed Sani Jobdi in Abuja. Mr. Jobdi replaces the former National Project Coordinator – Dr. Amin Mohammed Babandi, now the Director, Federal Department of Agribusiness and Marketing, Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The New NPC who was presented to the management and staff of the Project National Office by the Director, Project Coordination Unit, PCU-FMARD, Dr. Bright Wategire; called for cooperation and team spirit from all staff, to enable the Project deliver on its mandate of contributing significantly to food security, poverty reduction, livelihood improvement and economic diversification in line with the Ministry’s policy direction and the country’s agricultural development agenda; adding that the nation looks up to the development of the agriculture sector to achieve economic growth and prosperity. Mr. Jobdi described his predecessor – Dr. Amin Mohammed Babandi as his “Boss and Director” and commended his track record of excellence in the management of development projects. He recalled how Dr. Babandi successfully implemented the closed Commercial Agriculture Development Programme – CADP that made a lot of impact in the agricultural sector in Nigeria; adding that he looked forward to gaining from the former NPC’s wealth of experience and guidance. ALSO READ: It is ranching, not RUGA, in Plateau State —Wade The new NPC thanked the Project Management and Staff for the warm reception given him and promised to continue with the solid foundation and good work the NPC has done so far. Speaking on behalf of management and staff, the Project Operations Manager, Dr. Salisu Garba welcomed the new NPC and assured him of staff’s cooperation and teamwork. Until his appointment. Mr. Mohammed Sani Jobdi was a Deputy Director in the Office of the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!