Three corpses were found dumped close to the main gate of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi (FUAM) in the early hours of Friday, just as no fewer than seven people were killed and several others injured in a fresh attack on Guma communities Benue State, also on Friday. The attack lasted till the early hours of Saturday. Sunday Tribune learned that the deceased in Makurdi might have been victims of cult clashes and that they were chased to the area by suspected cultists who were on a reprisal mission. The assailants, after hacking the three victims to death, also set their corpses ablaze. A source, who did not want to be mentioned, explained that the killing may not be unconnected to the Thursday  cult killing of a final year student of Political Science at the Benue State University (BSU). The source said those who came and attacked at the FUAM may be members of the same cult with the deceased BSU student and had come to FUAM to avenge the death of their member. When contacted, FUAM’s Public Relations Officer (PRO), Dr. Joseph Fanafa, who confirmed the report, however noted that those who were killed were not students of the institution as non of their student was missing at the time of this report. Confirming the report, Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Catherine Anene, said suspected armed robbers were lynched in the area and that two locally made pistols were recovered at the scene. Also in Benue State, no fewer than seven people were killed and several others injured in a fresh attack on Guma communities on Friday night. Sources from the area said that suspected Fulani herdsmen  invaded Chongu community in Mbawa council ward, where people had gathered for a wake-keep around 11 p.m. Herdsmen were said to have moved into Tse Ayev and Tyohembe in Mbanyiar  where they attacked,  maimed and  killed many people. Confirming the incident to Sunday Tribune on phone in Makurdi, the head of Mbagwa in Mbawa council, Zaki Emmanuel Usuah, said that the herdsmen stormed the communities around 11pm and started shooting sporadically till the early hours of today (Saturday). “We were at a wake keep of one of our late elders who was to be buried today(Saturday) at Chongu, when we suddenly started hearing gunshots. “At Tyohembe,  they killed Chikwa and Taza Abuur. They went to Tse Ayev where they killed one Tarnum Yanum, while the bodies of four others were burnt beyond recognition. If they ran into women, they would collect their handsets and money. The entire communities had been deserted and so many people had fled the areas to Daudu,” he said. When contacted, the Police Public Relations’Officer in the State, DSP,  Catherine Anene, confirmed the attack, saying that two were killed and that others were hospitalised. Meanwhile, the Chief Press Secretary to governor, Samuel Ortom, Terver Akase, confirmed the attack, adding that three persons were killed by the  herdsmen. ALSO READ: Suspected cultists kill, dump three corpses close to University of Agriculture, Makurdi The Chief Press Secretary was reacting to the statement credited to  one time leader of Miyeitti Allah in the state, Garus Gololo. Gololo had raised the alarm that more than 2,000 cows belonging to herders were impounded by Livestock Guards, and that many of the cows were slaughtered in the quarantine unit. Part of the statement read, “This is a tactic to divert attention from the heinous crime committed by the herdsmen. Last night, (Friday night) armed herdsmen attacked Tarhembe village of Mbawa in Guma Local Government Area, killing three persons and leaving many others injured. Perhaps Gololo was privy to the attack, that’s why he spoke to the press a few hours to the killings. “Governor Samuel Ortom will never join issues with that man despite his constant verbal attacks on the person and office of the Governor. Recall that Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association, MACBAN and Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore already disowned Gololo, so he possibly can’t be speaking for those groups. He obviously represents himself. “Sometimes he calls himself an APC chieftain and at other times spokesman for Fulani herders. The man is a crisis entrepreneur. He is one of those who do not want an end to the killing of innocent people in Benue and other parts of the country so he can continue to market his “wares”. “His claim that over 2,000 cows have been impounded by Livestock Guards and some are being killed in the quarantine unit, is another ploy to stir hatred.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!