The caretaker chairperson, Saki- East Local Government Mrs Rahman Adeniran has assured the people of the local government area that her administration will do everything to key into the free education policy of the state governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde. Mrs Adeniran made this statement while addressing stakeholders at the flag-off ceremony of free computer-based test (CBT) training organised for senior secondary school three students in the local government. The training was jointly organised by the Adeniran and caretaker chairman, Ifeloju Local Council Development Area (LCDA), Mr Johnson Sunday, at the information communication technology centre, Ago – Amodu recently. Mrs Adeniran reiterated that the training was organised to enable the students that registered for the joint admission and matriculation board (JAMB) examinations get themselves acquainted to the rudiments of the computer-based test (CBT) ahead of their examinations, as some of the students in rural areas are not well exposed to the computer system. She stressed further that “that many of them are brilliant, while some are genius but when opportunities to display their inbuilt knowledge are not available, it amounts to wastage.” ALSO READ: Stop dumping newborn babies, Obiano’s wife warns young mothers The Head of Local Government Administration (HLGA), Mrs ‘Jola Oladiran, commended the governor of Oyo State for his free and qualitative education policy. Oladiran described Governor Seyi Makinde as a visionary legend who is fixing all that is required to restore the faded education systems in the state. She stated further that Mrs Adeniran and her LCDA counterpart, Mr Johnson emulated the kind gesture of Governor Makinde by organising free CBT training for the students in both Saki East local government and Ifeloju LCDA. Mrs Oladiran then urged the students to take the training as a way to prepare them for the forthcoming examinations. Earlier in his welcome address, the instructor of the information communication technology (ICT) centre, Mr Adekunle Daud Ademola, appreciated the Mrs Adeniran and Mr Johnson for providing all needed materials for the training. He advised all the participants to take all the segments with all seriousness for maximum assimilation. While speaking on behalf of the parents, Mr Nathaniel Adeleke reiterated that education is a leveller between the rich and less privileged as well as the bridge and equipment to ride on to success. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!