Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has disclosed that a total of 635 Micro projects have been executed in all the 133 communities across the 16 Local Government Areas of the state since the advent of his second term in office in 2018. The projects, which he said were at various stages and undertaken through the Ekiti State Community and Social Development Agency (EKCSDA) in partnership with the World Bank, are part of the giant strides of his government towards mitigating the level of poverty in the rural areas. The governor, represented by the Chairman of the agency, Mr Yemi Alatise, disclosed this during a stakeholders’ workshop on the report and outcome evaluation exercise organised by the agency in Ado-Ekiti, on Saturday. Reiterating the readiness of his administration to continually assist the agency in providing counterpart funds as and when due, Fayemi noted that several life-changing projects in health, education and social services sectors that will bring more dividends of democracy to the people at the grassroots are in the pipeline for the populace as embedded in the 2019 budget. He said the arrangement has been concluded by the agency with the chief executives of local governments and community leaders in all the 16 councils, to assist the agency on how to maintain and sustain various projects executed by the EKCSDA in their various localities. ALSO READ: It is worrisome Nigerians take delight in negative stories about Buhari ― Ekiti senator “The government will continue to make funds available, all that the communities need is to tap into the various windows created by the government to ensure that the developmental projects they want in the community are achieved. “EKCSDA has been able to build more than 150 health centres and equipped them with modern health facilities, it has also provided science and laboratory equipment in some schools in rural areas. We want to assure you that the agency will continue to function properly without interference,” he stated. A Lecturer in the Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension at the Federal University of Technology Akure(FUTA), Professor Okunlola Olaniyi, said the programme organised by EKCSDA was aimed to evaluate several developmental projects executed by the agency across the state. The don called on the beneficial communities to assist the government in maintaining and sustaining various micro-projects executed by the agency in their localities. The Ekiti State’s Statistician-General, Mr Jide Oguntimehin, disclosed that statistics have shown that various projects executed by the agency in the last few years in the state had gradually reduced poverty in the rural areas. He stressed the need for the members of the benefitting communities to assist the agency by paying their counterpart funds at the appropriate time. “Payment of counterpart funds would not only ensure continuity in the projects of EKCSDA but would encourage more dividends of democracy at the grassroots,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!