Two men were among other suspected criminals arrested by the Katsina State Police Command for being in possession of 679 bottles of cough syrups containing codeine and 2,000 sachets of Tramadol all worth N2.3 million. Parading the two men with other suspected criminals on Wednesday, March 25, the Katsina State Police Command’s Public Relations Officer, Gambo Isah, said in a statement that the two men, Emmanuel Obi, 28 years and Nura Halilu, 38 years, were found with over 679 bottles of cough syrups containing codeine and 2,000 sachets of Tramadol. According to the statement: “Today 25/03/2020 at about 02:00hrs, based on a tip-off, the command succeeded in busting a notorious syndicate of drug dealers terrorising Katsina and its environs. “Nemesis caught up with the duo of Emmanuel Obi, aged 28yrs of Sabuwar Unguwa Quarters, Katsina and Nura Halilu, aged 38yrs of Gidan Dawa Quarters, when they were arrested at Filin Canada area with bottles of cough syrup containing codeine. VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus “In the course of investigation, 679 bottles of syrups containing codeine and 2,000 sachets of Tramadol all worth N2.3 million were recovered in their houses. Isah said that the suspects had been conducting their illegal business in Katsina metropolis and its environs over a period of time. He said that investigations were ongoing to arrest other members of the group after which they would be prosecuted.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  Lagos Markets To Shut Down On Friday Lagos markets, offices, showrooms, and warehouses operating under the umbrella of Market Leaders and Traders Association of Nigeria, Lagos Chapter, will shut down, on Friday, over the raging coronavirus epidemic. In a statement issued this morning and signed by Comrade Christopher Okpala and Comrade… Read full story  FG Alerts Nigerians On Existence Of Coronavirus Ransomware The Federal Government has alerted Nigerians to the existence of an Android-based malicious and fraudulent Coronavirus Ransomware Application, which claims to provide updates on the virus and infections near the user. In a statement issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!