The Anambra State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), has deployed about 250 officers to monitor the activities of people over coronavirus in the state. The Public Relations Officer of the command, Mr Okadigbo Edwin, who disclosed this to journalists in a statement in Awka, on Thursday, said the deployment is in line with the directives of both the Federal and the State Government that all public gatherings that exceed the number of people as stipulated are banned till further notice as a measure to fight and curtail the outbreak of the deadly disease. According to him, the State Commandant of NSCDC in the State Command, Mr David Bille has today 26/03/2020 ordered the deployment of 250 NSCDC Personnel across the state to ensure the strict enforcement of the social restriction orders and other legitimate orders by the Federal and State governments. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lockdown Oyo State, NMA urges Makinde And that all Area Commanders, Divisional Officers and Head of Operational Units of the command have equally been directed to deploy their personnel within their area of responsibility. “The Command hereby urges the people of the state to abide by this directive. As such all public gatherings, be it political gatherings, social gatherings, religious gatherings, night clubs, bars, others are prohibited. Any group of persons who violates the new order shall be arrested and prosecuted. He further said the State Commandant, therefore urged citizens to be law-abiding at the trying moments. Citizens of the State are advised to avoid visiting NSCDC formations across the state for now till further notice. “As such all Courtesy Visits to NSCDC Anambra state command has been cancelled for the benefit of all as the command will always prioritize the safety of lives and properties across the state. Meanwhile, the State Command could be reached in case of emergency with the following numbers, 08058922941, 08036011552, 08035771835, and 07038924664. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  Health workers who attended to Ogun coronavirus case asked to go on isolation Health workers who attended to the second case of coronavirus in Ogun State have been asked to go… Read full story  FG Slashes Oil Benchmark To $30 To Save Economy • Lists incentives to health, private sector to retain workers Minister of finance, Zainab Ahmed has said the Federal Government was considering a new benchmark…  Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!