The Police Service Commission, PSC on Thursday promised to partner with the nation’s anti-corruption agencies to fight corruption and ensure that corruption and corrupt tendencies were eliminated or drastically reduced in the country. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Spokesman of the Commission, Mr. Ikechukwu Ani According to the statement, the Commission’s Permanent Secretary, Nebeolisa Anako said this in Abuja at the inauguration and induction ceremony of the Anti-Corruption and Transparency Unit (ACTU) of the Commission. Anako noted that the Commission has the constitutional powers of oversight on the Nigeria Police Force which included disciplinary control of Officers of the Force except the Inspector General of Police, adding that in effectively discharging this onerous assignment, the Commission must exhibit a high level of transparency. ALSO READ: Senate seeks to strip President, governors, others of immunity According to him, “we are on this same page with ICPC, EFCC, and other anti-corruption agencies and will continue to partner with them to ensure that the nation is saved from the ills of corruption.” He disclosed that the Commission would soon start an in-house cleansing exercise with a Staff verification exercise so as to properly position its manpower for greater efficiency. He noted that the Anti-corruption and Transparency Unit of the Commission would be involved in the exercise to ensure a very credible exercise. The Permanent Secretary promised to support and empower the Unit within the scarce resources of the Commission and noted that his doors will always be open for Members of the Unit. He noted that government’s determination to curb corrupt practices at every level led to the Ministerial establishment of Anti-Corruption and Transparency Monitoring Unit in all MDAs with statutory duties, among other things, to identify, monitor and manage risks to organizational integrity system, monitor budget implementation in MDAs, monitor and oversee compliance with certain categories of Public Service Rules such as: suppression of records, false claims, falsification of records, embezzlement and dishonesty. Anako enjoined every staff to shun corruption, corrupt practices and support ACTU in its work. Earlier, the Head of the Unit in the Commission, Layi Adekanmbi, a Deputy Director, had earlier appealed to the Permanent Secretary for support and to empower the Unit so that it could effectively discharge its duties. Adekanmbi said the Unit would need proper training and also a sensitization programme for Staff of the Commission. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!