President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, expressed “profound grief and sorrow’’ over the loss of soldiers who were ambushed by terrorists in Gorgi Village, Borno State. A statement issued in Abuja by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), said “sacrifices of our gallant patriots cannot be quantified, and their sacrifices cannot go in vain,’’ while commiserating with their families and those that sustained injuries. The President said the death of every soldier causes deep pains because he knows what it means to be a soldier, and fully understands the extreme risks associated with the profession. ALSO READ: Ajimobi tasks Alao Akala, 16 others to reconcile aggrieved Oyo APC members President Buhari said “despite the tragedies and incidents, we cannot allow anarchists and mass murderers to hold the country hostage.’’ The President appealed to the military “not to allow the incident to affect their morale.” He assured that his administration will continue to motivate and equip them adequately in order to cope with the complex challenges of unconventional warfare. The Nigerian Army has dispatched a team to assess the situation and report back to the government. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!