A Zamfara State-based cleric, Sheikh Ahmed Kanoma, has called for regular meetings between Christian and Islamic faithful towards national integration and growth. Sheikh Kanoma made the call in Gusau at a meeting organised by the Zamfara State chapter of the Joint Youth Islamic Organisation of Nigeria. “The calamities that are affecting us now as a society are the results of the gap we have created between us and Allah. We need to mend this and join hands with our Christian faithful to create a better understanding of the religion of Islam. “Islam is under threat, Allah is being offended in many ways; the Holy Qur’an is being desecrated and so there is great need for Islamic missionaries to do more on awareness creation. “They should look inwards on whether they are doing the right thing in guiding the faithful, and this can only be achieved when they follow the teachings of Prophet Muhammad, especially patience, generosity and good way of life. “Do not declare people of other faith as infidels but try to come together to fight terrorism, cultism and corruption to ensure a crime-free country where everyone is each other’s keeper,” he said. The cleric called on the 12 participating Islamic youth groups who are involved in da’wah to adopt a good approach in passing the message of Islam in all their encounters with fellow Muslims and non-Muslims. Earlier, the lead convener of the meeting, Mr Sanusi Kwatarkwashi, said the meeting was a follow-up to an earlier one held in Zaria, Kaduna State recently, which drew participants from Kaduna, Kano, Kebbi and Zamfara states.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Senator Shuaibu Returns To APC Secretariat Says I’m Not Sure Oshiomhole Will Heed My Advice Estranged deputy national chairman, North of the All Progressives Congress, Senator Lawan Shuaibu returned to the party national secretariat on Wednesday. Recall that the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole announced the reversal of the suspension of Senator Shuaibu and the… Read full story  Covid-19: Lagos Govt To Shut Down Schools From Monday Lagos State government said it is closing down all public and private schools in the state from Monday, 23rd March 2020 as part of the preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The State Commissioner for Education, Mrs. Folashade Adefisayo, disclosed this in a statement made available to… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!