KANO State governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, has congratulated the newly appointed Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero, and his brother, the new Emir of Bichi, Alhaji Nasiru Ado Bayero, while calling on all five Emirate councils in the state, to rally round security operatives to ensure that street begging is wiped out in every nook and cranny of the state. He said, “I am happy, happy and happy that the state is celebrating the unique history, by witnessing the emergence of two brothers both from same father and mother as appointed Emirs in the state. “This is the first time, in the history of the ancient city of Kano, the country at large and even in the world, that a big town like Kano, will appoint two brothers as Emirs, it is very interesting and deserves celebration.” Making the assertion on Wednesday, while speaking shortly after the presentation of letters of appointment to the two new Emirs, Dr Ganduje, said the motive for the creation of five Emirate councils in Kano State was to boost rapid development as well as to make traditional administration very close to the grassroots.  He noted that already, it is in pipeline to construct befitting hospitals within the newly created Emirate councils, which would be of 300 beds capacity, noting that this would prevent hundred of people rushing to the state capital for medical treatment. Ganduje then disclosed the introduction of free and compulsory education from primary level to the secondary level of education, saying this would afford parents of less privileged to also enjoy qualitative education This is the first time, that all five Emirs appointed for the new Emirate councils were opportune to be together, adding that this would boost cordial relationship as well as forestal rancour and acrimony. ALSO READ: APC crisis: Court begins trial over suit against Ajimobi as deputy national chairman Meanwhile, the two sons of former Emir of Kano, late Ado Bayero, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero and Alhaji Nasiru Ado Bayero, were presented with their letters of appointment as new Emir of Kano and Emir of Bichi respectively. Tribune Online reports that Emir Aminu Ado Bayero who was a former Emir of Bichi will replace deposed Malam Muhammadu Sanusi II as the Emir of Kano, while Alhaji Nasiru Ado Bayero, was appointed to replace his immediate brother, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero as Emir of Bichi. While speaking after being presented with the letter of appointment, the Emir of Bichi, Alhaji Nasiru Ado Bayero, thanked Almighty Allah and appreciated the good gesture of Governor Abdullahi Ganduje for the honour done on him. He, however, commended Governor Ganduje for the introduction of free and compulsory education in the state, saying it would go a long way to assist children of the less-privileged to acquire qualitative education and as well boost social-economic development of the state. Emir of Bichi then urged the state governor to assist youths in the state by providing job opportunity for youths in the state. In his own acceptance speech, the new Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero, pledged to support the state government in the mission to move the state to its greater height. Emir of Kano also commended the people of Bichi, his former Emirate council, saying he would never forget their unflinching support and the cooperation extended to him while he was there as Emir of Bichi. He equally thanked Dr Ganduje for giving the unique honour by appointing him as new Emir of Kano, noting that he would not disappoint the confidence reposed in him SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!