The North West, Zone A of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) have suspended the roundtable discussion and Zonal meeting of the union slated to take place in Kaduna tomorrow (Saturday) because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The decision was reached in a statement jointly signed by the Vice President of the zone, Comrade Yusuf Idris and the state NUJ chairman, Comrade Adamu Yusuf on Friday. According to the statement, the union took the decision in view of the fact that the North-West states have directed all schools to be closed next week Monday as a precautionary measure against COVID-19. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Governors okay ban on public gathering Thus, the statement contended that as a stakeholder it had no option than to support the government efforts in this regard. The full text read as follows: In line with the decision of (governors’ of the Northwest States that met in Kaduna on Wednesday and directs that all schools should be closed for thirty days from Monday 23rd March 2020, the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Northwest zone and Kaduna Council, hereby postpone its planned Round-table and Zonal meeting scheduled to hold on Saturday,21st March 2020. ‘The decision by the Union to postpone the event is in solidarity with the governors’ and other relevant authorities who are taking precautionary measures against coronavirus. ‘A statement by the Zonal Vice President, NUJ, Yusuf Idris and Chairman of Kaduna Council, Adamu Yusuf said everybody should support the government in its quest to prevent escalation of the deadly disease in Nigeria. ‘ The statement said the Round-table and the Zonal meeting would hold at a later date. ‘ It thanked the resource persons who have already planned to attend the event, describing them as patriots who have the interest of developing the society.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Husband Cheats On Wife, Catches Coronavirus From Lover A cheating husband who caught coronavirus on a secret break to Italy with his mistress is now in isolation in the UK with his wife who has no idea how he caught it. The woman has no idea how her partner caught Covid-19 but the man confessed to medical coordinators in the north of England… Read full story  US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!