The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of movement, compulsory movement of sick people to hospitals for medical attention and other directives as part of efforts to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus in the country. This was contained in a memo signed by the Nigerian Army’s Chief of Policy and Plans, Lt. General Lamidi Adeosun, and copied to 112 recipients, including all the subdivisions of the Army across the country The memo directed the suspension of all projected 2020 events of the Army that involves large gatherings including meetings, briefings, and conferences. General Adeosun recalled that the army chief had, earlier this year, predicted the likely activation of ‘Op-Second-Eleven’ in the course of 2020. He said with the recently recorded cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria, the likelihood of the Federal Government calling for the activation of ‘Op-Second-Eleven’ may not be ruled out. Adeosun said the Chief of Army Staff had directed that aside suspension of most programmes slated for this year, the army was also making plans to lease out excavators, trucks, water tankers and other relevant vehicles to aid the operation in the area of possible mass burial, water, and essential food/drugs supplies. The memo said the Army also plans “forceful transfer of the sick to hospitals, enforcement of government movement restriction order” among others. According to it, the Army also plans the closing of all army schools and training centres. The Nigeria Army is also planning to secure all major food stores and government storage facilities for essential goods from looting. It is also planning coordination with sister services, Nigeria Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Fire Services and others on enforcing a restriction on movements and other directives by the government. The full text of the memo reads: “Following the rise and continuous spread in cases of the Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) in Nigeria, the COAS has deemed it necessary for all to take proactive measures to ensure the safety of NA (Nigerian Army) personnel and their families. “Recall that Reference A circulated under the cover of Reference B highlighted the COAS’ Strategic Directive for the Year 2020 (Sb-2020) as do sustain the professionalism and responsiveness of the NA in the discharge of its constitutional roles. “The Sb-2020 which is in line with the COAS’ vision of ‘having a professionally responsive Nigerian Army in the discharge of its constitutional roles’ had predicted the possibility of the NA actively getting engaged in Op SECOND ELEVEN in the course of the Year. “With the continuous spread of the coronavirus, government calling out the NA for Op SECOND ELEVEN can therefore not be ruled out. In view of the foregoing, I am directed to convey that the following measures be instituted by commanders at all levels: “Suspension of implementation of the NA Forecast of Events 2020 involving large gatherings such as meetings, briefings, and conferences. “Suspension of all foreign courses, conferences, seminars and other overseas trips by personnel. “Suspension of all physical debriefings of returnees from foreign courses and official assignments. Such are to be done online. “Closing of all NA schools and training centres. “Closing hours for all NA formations and units to be 1600 hrs except lot 6. “Suspension of assembly date for participants of Army War College Course 4/20. “Planning on the lease of excavators, trucks, water tankers and other relevant vehicles to aid Op SECOND ELEVEN in the area of possible mass burial, water, and essential food/drugs supplies, forceful transfer of the sick to hospitals, enforcement of government movement restriction order, etc. “Planning to secure all major food stores and government storage facilities for essential goods from looting. “Coordination with sister services: Nigeria Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Fire Services and others on enforcing a restriction on movements and other directives by the Government. “Acquisition of protective gear for medical and other personnel that would be involved in the management of the sick, evacuation and burial of the dead, etc. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: CBN triggers business continuity plans “Drastic reduction in movements of personnel within all headquarters to the barest minimum. “Drastic reduction in the number of visitors and the frequency of visits to all NA establishments. “Creation of WhatsApp groups by departments, cells, and a group of related workers to pass information and instructions. “Carrying of files from one office to the other should be replaced with the maximum use of NASIP and NAWANI. “Initiating and subjecting all personnel to temperature checks at entrance gates. “Making available hand sanitisers at strategic locations within the headquarters for easy access and use by personnel. “Personnel are to avoid placing their hands on staircase rails. “Personnel are to ensure they wash their hands regularly and thoroughly. “Personal hygiene at home must be taken seriously. “Anyone who notices any symptoms associated with the COVID 19 is to immediately report to the nearest military medical post for the check. “Additionally, I am to convey the immediate suspension of all leave and passes. All NA personnel are to be on maximum security alert and be ready for deployment as may be required.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!