THE National Association of Ogun State Students (NAOSS) has urged members of the Ogun State House of Assembly who recently returned from foreign trips to subject themselves to coronavirus test and isolation so as to determine their health status. The students’ body observed that since the lawmakers returned from their trip to the United Kingdom (UK) where the pandemic is has affected many people, they should comply with the standard practice of self-isolation and test. National President, NAOSS, Comrade Gbemileke Ogunrombi, in a statement made available to Tribune Online on Wednesday, said the lawmakers should lead by example. Ogunrombi said: “The Ogun State House of Assembly as an arm of government must lead by example and yield to the call of the good people of Ogun State by going for COVID-19 test and also subject themselves to isolation until their health status is determined.” ALSO READ: Kano inaugurates task force to ensure compliance with school closure order “To stop the spread of COVID-19, it is imperative for the Lawmakers to go for test and not further increase the tension in the state. “We want to commend the government of Prince Dapo Abiodun for its proactiveness in curtailing and containing the spread of the coronavirus in Ogun State. “But is our view that the lawmakers should not do anything to jeopardise the efforts of the state government in fighting the deadly virus. “All hands must be on deck in the fight against the spread of the virus in the state and as such, the lawmakers should endeavour to do the needful by subjecting themselves to test and isolation,” he said. The students’ body, however, noted that the state should not be thrown into panic as a result of the lawmakers’ “careless” attitude.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!