Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from Wednesday this week. The apex bank in a statement signed by its director of communications, Mr Isaac Okorafor said the directive followed the current impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the global economy. However, CBN will continue to operate throughout the duration of the social distancing order of the Nigerian government, including partial lockdown in some states and at the Federal level, to check the spread of the virus in Nigeria. “The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) wishes to inform stakeholders and members of the Nigerian public that the bank will remain open for business during this period. “As a responsible public institution and regulator, we have triggered our business continuity plans to ensure that the bank’s operations remain largely undisrupted at this present time when social distancing has become key to checking further spread of the virus.” Okorafor said CBN had directed Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) and other financial institutions to trigger their business continuity plans. “The welfare and safety of our staff and their families, and indeed all Nigerians, remain a top priority to us. “Consequently, with effect from Wednesday, March 25, 2020, till further notice, only essential staff of the CBN Head Office and the 37 branches of the bank will be expected to report for duty daily. “In other words, our staff in non-critical roles have been directed to stay at home and work remotely, when their services are required. “We have also directed all our staff to follow stipulated guidelines by the Federal Ministry of Health, National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and other relevant health agencies of government to curb the possible spread of the virus in Nigeria. “For the avoidance of doubt, the CBN, in line with its mandate of ensuring monetary and price stability, will remain open for business during these trying times.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM THE NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FG, States, LGs Share N581.566bn February Allocation The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC) has shared a total of N581.566 billion February 2020 Federation Account revenue to the federal, states and local government areas in the country. This was announced after a rescheduled meeting of the Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) held in Abuja… Read full story  FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!