A  former gubernatorial aspirant and Chieftain of African Democratic Congress Engineer Aderemi Oseni along with his supporters and loyalist returns to PDP. In a press release signed personally, he said his  return to PDP along with many party loyalists is indeed homecoming and it was a decision taken after a lot of consultations and deliberations with major stakeholders both at the grassroots and indeed among his political leaders and associates Engineer Aderemi Oseni expresses his commitment and that of his followers to the task of rebuilding PDP to become a formidable and virile political party. He joins prominent party leaders like Prince Oyinlola, Engineer Segun Oni and others for the formal declaration ceremony, on  Wednesday 18th of March 2020. He assured the people of Oyo State that his coming to PDP was to further position him to serve the best interest of the people. Notable ADC members that are decamping along with Engr Remi Oseni are S Oladejo aka Success Lagelu, Funmilayo Arulogun ADC Woman Ldr, Alh Hamzat Lawal Oluyole, Alh Kakako Muniru Ayinla ADC State Fin Sec, Hon Paul Alagbe and Taju Olori both house of Assembly in the last election. Also Barr Adelowo Bimpe, Mrs Sade Adeojo, Hon Victor Oyelayo, Pastor Lawrence Adetulese and Mrs Sade Otolorin and majority of the members of the State Executive, Engr Nurudeen Akanni former Chairman Ona ara LG Hon Olanreewaju Ayinde aka Dangote Ido.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  Defection: You Are An Ungrateful Soul, APC Replies Segun Oni The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has declared it was not surprised with the imminent defection of the former governor of the state, Chief Segun Oni from the party to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).  Oni, a former deputy national chairman of the APC while speaking in an exclusive chat with… Read full story  APC Crisis: Confusion Persists As Oshiomhole Gives Notice Of NWC Meeting Despite the reprieve granted the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole by the Court of Appeal on Monday, the confusion in the ruling persisted. A  Federal Capital Territory(FCT) High Court, Abuja has on Monday granted an interim order to allow the acting national secretary… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!