A Kaduna Chief Magistrate Court has granted bail in the sum of N1 million each to the clerics and their followers for allegedly violating the ongoing curfew in the state when they conducted congregational prayers on Friday. The defendants who are ten in number were accused of criminal conspiracy and disobedience to public orders. They all pleaded not guilty to the charges preferred against them. According to the prosecution counsel, Barrister Dari Bayero, the defendants’ alleged violation of the law has the potency of spreading the coronavirus in Kaduna State. Nigerian Tribune recalls that Kaduna State government said that it arrested two clerics for conducting Friday congregational prayers in two communities of Kaduna North local government area in violation of the curfew imposed to prevent the spread of COVID-19. The names of the alleged culprits were given as Malam Aminu Umar Usman and Malam Umar Shangel from Malali and Unguwan Kanawa respectively. On Monday, the two clerics and some of the members of their congregation from Unguwan Kanawa were arraigned in Magistrate Court 1 while those from Malali were separately arraigned in Court 16. Though all the defendants were granted bail, the court ruled that the must produce sureties who must be senior government officials with proof of landed property in Kaduna State, failure of which they will be remanded at the correctional centre. The two cases have been adjourned to April 22 and April 29 respectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days
This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Abba Kyari And His COVID-19
PATIENTS are afraid of contracting the disease from doctors; doctors are afraid of getting infected by patients. It is a perfect medical standoff certain to breed a disaster. How does a country handle this? Yet, it is a war foretold but our cripple ignored the clear warnings… Read full article Century-Old Vaccine Investigated As Weapon Against Coronavirus A vaccine that has been used to prevent tuberculosis is being given to health-care workers in Melbourne to see if it will protect them against the coronavirus. The bacillus Calmette-Guerin, or BCG, the shot has been used widely for about 100 years, with a growing appreciation for its off-target benefits… Read full story (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed Immediate Payment Of Two-Month Conditional Cash Transfers
“For the most vulnerable in our society, I have directed that the conditional cash transfers for the next two months be paid immediately. Our Internally displaced persons will also receive two months of food rations… Read full text (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed 3-Month Moratorium On Tradermoni, BOI, BOA, Other Loans
“Furthermore, I have directed that a three-month repayment moratorium for all TraderMoni, MarketMoni and FarmerMoni loans be implemented with immediate effect. “I have also directed that a similar moratorium be given to all Federal Government funded loans issued by the Bank of Industry, Bank of… Read full text COVID–19: Why Government’s Communications Have Not Been Effective —Experts
Despite universal attestation to the existence of Coronavirus and the havoc it can wreck on humanity, if allowed to thrive, quite a sizeable number of Nigerians, especially those at the lower rungs of the socio-economic ladder, would still prefer to treat such claim with a pint of salt… Read full story