Pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, has called for an inquiry into the explosion that occurred on Akure-Owo Road in Ondo State early Saturday morning, destroying property worth billions of naira, noting that all accounts so far indicated that the explosion occurred from a possible fire incident from a vehicle that was carrying explosives through the state. Afenifere made this call on Saturday in a statement made available to newsmen in Lagos by its national publicity secretary, Mr Yinka Odumakin, while expressing heartfelt sympathy with the government and people of Ondo State over the disaster as well as displeasure with the rate of explosions in Yorubaland in recent time. The group, while further noting that the identities of the movers of the explosives had not yet been known as “the police have claimed they were escorting the ordinances (bombs) when they noticed some challenge,” enjoined that the inquiry should be conducted in accordance with Ordinance and Fiream Acts to be able to determine the type of ordinances that exploded. According to Afenifere, the inquiry should be able to ascertain the following, namely: “the identities of those transporting the ordinances; the origin of the ordinances; who assigned the escorting policemen and under what circumstance and  where was the destination of the Improvised Explosive Devices (IED)?” ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bauchi samples 70 people, 47 tests negative, 23 pending “Afenifere expresses our heartfelt sympathy with the government and people of Ondo State over the explosion that occurred on Akure-Owo Road early this morning. “All accounts so far indicate that the explosion occurred from a possible fire incident from a vehicle that was carrying explosives through the state. “Though the identities of the movers have not yet been known, the police have claimed they were escorting the ordinances (bombs) when they noticed some challenge. “While we have nothing to contradict the stated accounts yet, we demand an inquiry into this disaster in accordance with Ordinance and Fiream Acts to be able to determine the type of ordinances that exploded. “The inquiry should be able to ascertain the following: 1 The identities of those transporting the ordinances: 2 The origin of the ordinances: 3 Who assigned the escorting policemen and under what circumstance? 4 Where was the destination of the Improvised Explosive Devices (IED)?” Afenifere said. The group, while still waiting for answers to the posers raised, expressed displeasure with the rate of explosions in Yorubaland in recent time, including the blast in Ekiti State in early February with investigation blaming it on “human error,” followed by the massive explosion in Abule Ado in Lagos “which was attributed to some spurious pipeline explosion which we rejected because the long-range impacts of that explosion could not have come from pipeline explosion.” “Till date, we don’t know the owners of the articulated vehicles found on the scene of the Lagos explosion while the number of casualties and level of suggested damage done to Catholic-owned Bethlehem School suggested deliberate targeting. “While we wait to know the level of casualty in the latest incident in Ondo, we appeal to our people to be very careful in these perilous times,” Afenifere said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story Fans Blast Naira Marley, Zlatan Ibile Over Comments On Coronavirus Nigerian rapper, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley and his counterpart, Zlatan Ibile, received some serious bashing from twitter users on Monday when Naira Marley made a comment on the coronavirus pandemic on his twitter handle, which did not go down well with many of his followers. Coronavirus And Sex I want to know if I can catch the Coronavirus from sex. I am a sex worker and isolating myself will make… Read full story Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Nigerian Afrobeats star, David Adeleke, also known as, Davido, has announced that his fiancee, Chioma, has tested positive for coronavirus. Chioma, according to Davido, recently returned from the… Read full story 30 Minutes Of Music A Day May Reduce Post-Heart Attack Problems New research has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day significantly reduces the risk of further heart health problems after a heart attack. A study has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day can… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Gov Imposes Curfew, Bans Inter-State Movement From Sunday Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has imposed a dusk to dawn curfew on the state following the confirmation of two new cases of covid-19 in the state. The governor also announced the suspension of all… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE