Awe High School Old Students Association (AHSOSA) has inaugurated and presented a block of classrooms, Information Communication Technology (ICT) facilities and borehole to their alma mater at its Founder’s Day celebration. The inauguration and presentation took place during the grand finale of the 66th Founder’s Day celebrations of Awe High School which took place at the school premises, Awe in Afijio Local Government Area of Oyo State. The SS3 block of classrooms was completely renovated and furnished with chairs, lockers and ceilings fans by the 1982 set of the association. The ICT room with 30 computer sets and accessories were personally donated by Mr Dotun Odekeye of 1983 set while the borehole was financed by the 1975 set through its chairman, Mr Israel Ajao. Speaking at the event, Oyo State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Olasunkanmi Olaleye, represented by the ministry’s permanent secretary, Alhaja Aminat Atere, lauded the old students for contributing their quota to the infrastructure development of the school. He said by this gesture, the old students were collaborating with the state government to make the free and qualitative education policy of Governor Seyi Makinde a success. In his remarks, the school principal, Mr Adeolu Okunade, said the gesture was unprecedented in the annals of the school and congratulated all members, staff and students on the occasion of the 66th anniversary of the school. He also commended the state governor for his giant strides in the education sector. Speaking earlier, the president of the old students’ association, Dr Shina Adekanbi, said: “What we are witnessing today is an evidence of the grace of God in our lives as former students of this great school and a demonstration of the love we have for our alma mater.” “I wish to state that it takes love to give while giving is scriptural. A giver will never lack. I, therefore, enjoin other sets and individuals alike to take a cue, more so that our fundraising, aimed at giving our alma mater a facelift, is around the corner.” In his comment, an old student, Mr Paul Aworinde, called for the state government’s intervention with regard to the encroachment on the school land by members of Awe community. He said, “With the gradual encroachment on the school land, the school will soon become a housing estate if our amiable governor does not rise to the occasion by preventing the extermination of the great legacy.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  Health workers who attended to Ogun coronavirus case asked to go on isolation Health workers who attended to the second case of coronavirus in Ogun State have been asked to go… Read full story  FG Slashes Oil Benchmark To $30 To Save Economy • Lists incentives to health, private sector to retain workers Minister of finance, Zainab Ahmed has said the Federal Government was considering a new benchmark…  Read full story  COVID-19: Oyo shuts down civil service for two weeks The Oyo State government has said it will shut down its civil service effective…  Read full story  COVID-19: NLC Calls For Total Lockdown Of The Country The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Wednesday, called for a broad, total and national lockdown of… *Read full story:* https://tribuneonlineng.com/covid-19-nlc-calls-for-total-lockdown-of-the-country/  Two Men Arrested With 679 Bottles Of Codeine Syrups, 2,000 Sachets Of Tramadol Worth N2.3 Million Two men were among other suspected criminals arrested by the Katsina State Police Command for being…  Read full story   VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  FG Alerts Nigerians On Existence Of Coronavirus Ransomware The Federal Government has alerted Nigerians to the existence of an Android-based malicious and fraudulent Coronavirus Ransomware Application, which claims to provide updates on the virus and infections near the user. In a statement issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji… Read full story  COVID-19: Osun Senator Goes Into Self-Isolation After Returning From Trip To UK As the global community battle to contain the spread of covid-19, the lawmaker, representing Osun Central Senatorial District in National Assembly, Senator Ajibola Basiru had gone into self-isolation after a trip to the United Kingdom. Basiru in his tweet handle was reacting to the letter forwarded to the leadership of… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!