Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Abiodun Adams, has called on all the South-West governors to build independent power plants and rail system that will link the entire states in the region. Aare Ona Kakanfo made the call on Thursday in Epe area of Lagos, during the 2020 Edition of Grandmothers’ Festival, organised by the Olokun Festival Foundation, saying an uninterrupted power supply across the region would enhance commerce, tourism and drive the desired development across the South- West. Iba Adams pointed out that issues of security, power and transportation were most critical to the development of a nation, urging the governors to look forward to creating a conducive atmosphere for investors in the zone “All over the world, businesses thrive where security and safety of the citizens is guaranteed. “Stable and uninterrupted power supply is key to the development of every nation. In South Africa for example, the transportation system is amazing because of the effective rail system between Johannesburg to Pretoria. “Nigeria is a great nation, our leaders travel abroad and they see the kind of development spreading across United Kingdom, America, Asia and Africa,” Adams said, declaring that he was fulfilled with the passage of Amotekun bill into law this week that part of the region’s dreams had been realized. “With the passage of Amotekun bill this week, I am fulfilled that part of our dreams have been realised. “This is a victory for all Nigerians. It is our victory in the South-West because 25 per cent of residences in Lagos and other South-West states are non-indigenes. “In South-West, we have all it takes to set the pace for the development of our region. That is why it is very important for everybody to brace up for the take-off of that laudable project,” he said. The Oloja and Paramount of Epe Kingdom, Oba Kamorudeen Animashaun, in his remarks, applauded Iba Adams for spreading the gospel of cultural transformation to Epe. ALSO READ: PDP berates APC Senators for approving $22.7bn Foreign loan PDP berates APC Senators for approving $22.7bn Foreign loan Britain confirms first coronavirus death Factbox: Countries evacuating nationals from coronavirus-hit… Reps support ease of doing business, pass CAMA bill through… The monarch said Epe traditional institution had always been supportive of any initiative that can boost Yoruba culture and tradition, urging members of the Odua People’s Congress (OPC) to be focused in sustaining the core values of the organisation. “I commend Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Abiodun Ige Adams, for promoting our cultural identity and heritage. Aare has made strong impact in Yorubaland and he will always remain a key player in the progress of our race,” Oba Animashaun said. The guest lecturer from Lagos State University (LASU), Associate Professor Kolade Adams, implored the guests to emulate the unyielding spirit of the chief promoter of the Olokun Festival Foundation, and the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Adams, in sustaining the festival for over a decade. “This is eco-tourism, it is usually one of the best means to improve the tourism potentials of every country. So what we are doing today will definitely translate to improving the economic prosperity of Epe and its environs,” he said. Speaking further, Iba Adams urged the Lagos State government to continue the development process embarked upon by the last administration, noting that various infrastructural developments could be seen around the ancient town, particularly the construction of modern roads. “We can all testify to the various infrastructural developments around the town. The highlight of this transformation was the construction of modern roads in the town, making it a city of pride for all and sundry. “Thanks to the former governor of Lagos State, Akinwunmi Ambode, for bringing development to the doorsteps of the people of the ancient town. “We cannot rule it out that Epe had enjoyed the unprecedented transformation in Lagos during the Ambode government. “Ambode’s midas’ touch and influence was visible with the present infrastructure in Epe. ”Epe has also turned out to be one of the emerging stories of a visionary government. So, with Governor Olusola Sanwo- Olu on the saddle in the state, I know Lagos is up to the task. “It now behoves on the new government in the state to ensure that all these projects are completed in due time,” the Aare Ona Kakanfo said. Other monarchs present at the event include Oba Shefiu Adewale Bangbopa, the Olu of Epe; Fiwagboye Aare Onakakanfo, Chief Ebudola Odedina; Mrs. Titi Hassan, the Epe Council of Chiefs, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN