The All Progressives Congress National Working Committee has sympathised with victims of the Saturday explosion in Ilu-Abo, along the Akure-Owo, Ondo State. A statement signed by APC spokesman, Lanre Isa-Onilu said the damage done to buildings were enormous. It dismissed speculation of the motive behind the incidents as it noted that the Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, and certain security chiefs have been adequately briefed. The party expressed confidence that the state government would put in place, rehabilitation measures to cater for people displaced and affected by the explosion. The statement read in part: “Following Saturday’s early morning explosion which occurred in Ilu-Abo, along the Akure-Owo expressway, the All Progressives Congress (APC) sympathises with victims of the explosion and the government of Ondo State. “Going by the images of the buildings and other property destroyed as a result of the explosion, it is clear that the blast was a powerful one. However, we must desist from unnecessary and unfounded conspiracies surrounding the unfortunate explosion. “The Ondo state governor, Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN) has promptly visited the scene to assess the extent of damage and has been briefed by the security chiefs, who reported that the acccidental explosion occurred in a vehicle transporting explosives to a storage facility in a neighbouring state. “While relevant authorities ascertain if there are casualties, we urge calm and assure all residents that the authorities are attending to the situation with a cordon in place and a bomb squad deployed to the area. There is no cause for further alarm. “In the meantime, we are confident that the state government will put in place rehabilitation measures to cater for people displaced and affected by the explosion. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE By and read digital replicas of your tribune tittles by subscribing through: E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story Fans Blast Naira Marley, Zlatan Ibile Over Comments On Coronavirus Nigerian rapper, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley and his counterpart, Zlatan Ibile, received some serious bashing from twitter users on Monday when Naira Marley made a comment on the coronavirus pandemic on his twitter handle, which did not go down well with many of his followers. Coronavirus And Sex I want to know if I can catch the Coronavirus from sex. I am a sex worker and isolating myself will make… Read full story Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Nigerian Afrobeats star, David Adeleke, also known as, Davido, has announced that his fiancee, Chioma, has tested positive for coronavirus. Chioma, according to Davido, recently returned from the… Read full story 30 Minutes Of Music A Day May Reduce Post-Heart Attack Problems New research has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day significantly reduces the risk of further heart health problems after a heart attack. A study has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day can… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Gov Imposes Curfew, Bans Inter-State Movement From Sunday Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has imposed a dusk to dawn curfew on the state following the confirmation of two new cases of covid-19 in the state. The governor also announced the suspension of all… Read full story Last Survivor Of Transatlantic Slave Trade Wore Yoruba Hairstyle Throughout Life The transatlantic slave trade might seem like something from a distant and barbaric era – but a historian has found evidence its last survivor was alive in living memory. Hannah Durkin, at Newcastle University, had previously identified the last surviving slave captured in Africa in the 19th Century and brought to… Read full story Will Warmer Weather Slow The Spread Of Coronavirus? Experts say sunlight and heat limit growth and longevity of virus, but observing proper hygiene is more effective. As the coronavirus outbreak continues to cause jitters with cases surging close to 120,000 and deaths nearing 4,300 worldwide as of Wednesday, reports have emerged quoting medical experts saying… Read full story Sanusi: Historiography And The Tale Of Two Awe Towns The recent deposition of Emir Lamido Sanusi II has thrown up many issues both locally within the Kano metropolis and nationally and surely will be a topic for discussion for some time to come. However, my concern in this article is really not the deposition itself but an affiliated issue; the town to which the former emir was… Read full story Protecting Your Child From COVID-19 Infection Children are not immune from COVID-19 infection like all other individuals. In this report by SADE OGUNTOLA, experts advise parents on what to do to ensure their children remain healthy throughout the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE