The Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology in Kogi State, Wemi Jones, has declared that the state government will not tolerate any act of indiscipline in schools. He gave the warning during an unscheduled inspection of some ongoing community intervention projects at the Government Girls’ Secondary School, Noma, in Lokoja. According to him, the government has tried a lot but cannot always be physically present in every school, saying it is the principal that should lay a very good example and enforce discipline among teachers and students. “You are our eyes and you represent the ministry and the government,” he said. He, therefore, charged teachers to avoid absenteeism and lateness to work, saying that the government would not tolerate any act of indiscipline. Addressing the students, the commissioner charged them to be hardworking and committed to their studies, listen to their teachers and read very well in order to come out with flying colours. He commended the principal for maintaining a cordial relationship with the community, which he said had facilitated the intervention project by the community in renovating a block of classrooms and donating blocks for perimeter fencing. The commissioner further commended the community for the intervention projects, and called on other communities and stakeholders to emulate such gesture. Also speaking, Mr Raji Joesph Afolabi, the chairman of STETSCOM, who accompanied the commissioner on the visit, thanked the community for coming to the aid of the school in providing blocks for perimeter fencing and renovation of a classroom block. The school principal, Mrs Margaret Eseyin, commended the commissioner and the chairman for the visit, and promised to redouble effort in ensuring that the teachers put in their best for the benefit of the students. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS