Worried at their level of non-compliance at the airports, the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari has urged the members of the House of Representatives who just returned to the country to report to the nearest Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) test centre with immediate effect. According to him, this became necessary as many of them who refused to subject themselves for coronavirus screening exercise upon arrival from foreign trips posed great threats to the health of other members and Nigerians at large. ALSO READ: Support Okowa to fight coronavirus, Delta PDP pleads with opposition APC Abba Kyari gave this order in a letter written to the Speaker, House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Olufemi Hakeem Gbajabiamila, with reference number SH/COS/TP/03, dated March 21st, 2020. He said that the directive also became necessary following reports from the points of entries at the nation’s Airports to the office of the Honourable Minister of Health in the recent time that the Federal Lawmakers refused to subject themselves to the mandatory screening. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!