Who will save Adams Oshiomhole from being removed from office? There is a Yoruba saying that one who is digging a hole for his enemies to enter must be told not to dig it deep because he might be the one that will fall into it. Since Comrade Adams Oshiomhole became the All Progressives Congress (APC) national chairman, his reign has not been a peaceful one. He had said it publicly that he had enemies who were desperate to unseat him. But one has to ask, what did he do to those enemies? If the APC chairman did not commit any serious offence against his party members, then he should not panic. President Muhammadu Buhari has constituted a three-man panel to look into the APC crisis. I believe something must have gone wrong between the national chairman and some of his members. For me, the only institution that is well respected for being honourable and impartial in Nigeria is the court of law. It is only the court that can save Comrade Oshiomhole from being removed from office. But did he respect the court before now? He needs to reconcile with the aggrieved members of his party so that everything can go back to normal. A leader does not get angry and react neither does a good leader respond to all criticisms irrespective of where they are coming from. Jimoh Mumin Esq. 08034435211. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  Defection: You Are An Ungrateful Soul, APC Replies Segun Oni The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has declared it was not surprised with the imminent defection of the former governor of the state, Chief Segun Oni from the party to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).  Oni, a former deputy national chairman of the APC while speaking in an exclusive chat with… Read full story  APC Crisis: Confusion Persists As Oshiomhole Gives Notice Of NWC Meeting Despite the reprieve granted the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole by the Court of Appeal on Monday, the confusion in the ruling persisted. A  Federal Capital Territory(FCT) High Court, Abuja has on Monday granted an interim order to allow the acting national secretary… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Coronavirus: Jehovah’s Witnesses Cancel Historical Evangelism In UK With the apparent failure of the western powers to contain a further spread of the contagious coronavirus, a religious organisation, the Jehovah’s Witnesses (JW), has cancelled its historical mode of evangelism across the United Kingdom. For fear of the disease, the Christian religious organisation, for the first time in the history of its existence, announced the cancellation of its evangelism activities, including house-to-house, street and literature cart witnessing in the entire UK… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story  APC Crisis: We’ll Quarantine Oshiomhole’s Enemies –Tinubu • 2023 ambition causing corona-like virus, he adds Barely 24 hours to the meeting of the National Executive Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to decide the fate of its ousted national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, former Lagos State governor and national leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has finally taken a position on the crisis… Read full story  BREAKING: Court Sacks New Kano Emirs, Dissolves Four Emirates A Kano High Court on Thursday nullified the creation of four new Emirate Councils in the state by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje. While also sacking the Emirs appointed over those Emirates, the court described the appointments as illegal. It would be recalled that the state governor created four Emirate Councils of Bichi, Karaye, Gaya and Rano… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!