The state governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, disclosed this in the early hours of Sunday in series of tweets. The Governor who is also the head of the State’s Task Force on COVID-19, stated that a United Kingdom returnee, whose sample was sent for testing had returned positive. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Panic spreads nationwide He tweeted: “The COVID-19 confirmation test for the suspected case at Bodija has come back POSITIVE. The result was released at 17:35 PM of March 21, 2020. Oyo State Public Health Officials are collaborating with the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan’s team on the case. ALSO READ: APC crisis: Oshiomhole and the tortuous road to Edo, Ondo governorship race “A follow up on the Ekiti COVID-19 case revealed that the deceased was picked up directly from Lagos Airport to a private apartment in Ona Ara Local Government Area. “The Health Authorities have contacted the family concerned and the community has been alerted for intensified contact tracing and self-isolation of identified close contacts. The information given that he stayed in some hotels in Ibadan has been found to be false. “Another returnee from Texas, USA, has also been identified at Oluyole Local Government Area. She has been kept in self-isolation with close monitoring by the State Epidemiological Team. “All recent returnees are again urged to identify themselves to Ministry Officials and self-isolate for 14 days. “We have released funds for: a. Activation of Emergency Operation Centre at the Ministry of Health. b. Establishment of Diagnostic Centre for screening of Coronavirus and other related infectious diseases to be stationed at the UCH, Ibadan. “Equipping of the newly designated Oyo State Infectious Disease Centre at Olodo that has the capacity for over 100 cases. “Oyo State Ministry of Health Helplines: 08038210122/ 08023229267/ 08073431342.” Confirmed cases in Nigeria is now 23. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!