There appear to be more problems for the residents of Abule Ado as the Federal Government has begun moves to reclaim the land from the Lagos State government. The acting Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Federal Housing Authority, Umar Saliu Buntu, disclosed this on Tuesday during a visit to the site of last Sunday’s explosion. ALSO READ: Stampede as another mild fire erupts at site of Lagos explosion The FHA chief also claimed that the government has since the 70’s acquired the large expanse of land from Ojo Cantonment down to Trade Fair. Details later…  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  Defection: You Are An Ungrateful Soul, APC Replies Segun Oni The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has declared it was not surprised with the imminent defection of the former governor of the state, Chief Segun Oni from the party to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).  Oni, a former deputy national chairman of the APC while speaking in an exclusive chat with… Read full story  APC Crisis: Confusion Persists As Oshiomhole Gives Notice Of NWC Meeting Despite the reprieve granted the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole by the Court of Appeal on Monday, the confusion in the ruling persisted. A  Federal Capital Territory(FCT) High Court, Abuja has on Monday granted an interim order to allow the acting national secretary… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!