The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC)has suspended its group biometrics clearance and Community Development Service (CDS)meetings to curtail the spread of Coronavirus among Corps Members. The Director-General, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim made the announcement in Abuja on Friday. He said the Scheme has taken adequate precautionary steps towards ensuring that all Corps members are safe. ‘We have suspended the biometrics clearance and Community Development Services. We want to appeal to our Corps Members to be conscious of their health and avoid places with a large number of people. The safety of our Corps Members is our priority”, the DG said. ALSO READ: Why petrol still sells at ₦145 in Bayelsa, DPR boss explains Speaking further, General Ibrahim said as soon as the situation improves across the globe and in the country, the 2020 Batch ‘A’ Stream One Corps Members would be recalled to the camps to complete the remaining activities of the Orientation Course. He urged the Corps Members to follow periodic briefing from the Federal Ministry of Health and Nigeria Centre for Disease Control including directives from NYSC Management which would be made available on its Social Media Platforms.  2023: The PDP Challenge To The APC In South-West IT is an indubitable fact that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), at the height of its glory, dominated the political landscape since the advent of the current democratic dispensation, especially between 1999 and 2011. Its sphere of, though gradually waning particularly in the South-West and some parts… Read full story  US Announces Approval Of Chloroquine For Treatment Of Coronavirus The US has approved the anti-malarial drug chloroquine for use as a treatment against the new coronavirus, President Donald Trump said Thursday.  “We’re going to be able to make that drug available almost immediately, and that’s where the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) has been so great,”… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!