The Kaduna State Police Command said its operatives in collaboration with other security agencies have arrested 165 people and impounded 205 vehicles for violating COVID-19 curfew. The Command Public Relations Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalige, made the disclosure in a statement on Monday in Kaduna, the state capital. Jalige said the suspects are being interrogated at the command’s Criminal Investigation Department (SCID). “The suspects will be prosecuted immediately on the completion of investigation in accordance with the relevant extant laws of the land,” Jalige said. According to Jalige, the imposition of 24-hour curfew by the Kaduna State government on March 27 and the initial Social Distancing Order by the federal and state government is to curtail the spread of the COVID-19. “The Kaduna Police Command under the leadership of Umar Muri in collaboration with other sister agencies has put in place a robust enforcement strategies which has recorded significant success in terms of securing compliance from the civil population through community engagement. “The command has continued to enforce and closely monitor compliance of the respective Executive Orders with a view to ensuring the success of the government efforts geared toward curbing the contagious effect of COVID-19 as well as enhancing public safety and public health accordingly. “The command enjoins the general public to be law-abiding, observe the safety tips and continue to comply with the curfew and the Social Distancing Orders aimed at enhancing public safety and public health in our dear state. “The CP further warns violators of the government orders to desist or face the heavy burden of the law as the command will not hesitate to be decisive on any person or group of persons who become hell bent at bending these restriction orders in accordance with the law,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Abba Kyari And His COVID-19 PATIENTS are afraid of contracting the disease from doctors; doctors are afraid of getting infected by patients. It is a perfect medical standoff certain to breed a disaster. How does a country handle this? Yet, it is a war foretold but our cripple ignored the clear warnings… Read full article Century-Old Vaccine Investigated As Weapon Against Coronavirus A vaccine that has been used to prevent tuberculosis is being given to health-care workers in Melbourne to see if it will protect them against the coronavirus. The bacillus Calmette-Guerin, or BCG, the shot has been used widely for about 100 years, with a growing appreciation for its off-target benefits… Read full story