Nasarawa State Governor, Abdullahi Sule, has gone into self-isolation, as a precautionary measure against exposure to the coronavirus pandemic. A statement issued by Yakubu Lamai, Director General, Strategic Communication and Press Affairs, on Wednesday,  noted that Sule would now work from home. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NLC calls for total lockdown of the country According to him, the governor has earlier invited a medical team from the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to conduct comprehensive tests on him and they have taken his samples. While noting that, so far, all the results from the test, showed negative, Lamai added that the public would be informed on new developments regarding the health of the governor, as well as other government officials. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  Lagos Markets To Shut Down On Friday Lagos markets, offices, showrooms, and warehouses operating under the umbrella of Market Leaders and Traders Association of Nigeria, Lagos Chapter, will shut down, on Friday, over the raging coronavirus epidemic. In a statement issued this morning and signed by Comrade Christopher Okpala and Comrade… Read full story FG Alerts Nigerians On Existence Of Coronavirus Ransomware The Federal Government has alerted Nigerians to the existence of an Android-based malicious and fraudulent Coronavirus Ransomware Application, which claims to provide updates on the virus and infections near the user. In a statement issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji… Read full story  COVID-19: Osun Senator Goes Into Self-Isolation After Returning From Trip To UK As the global community battle to contain the spread of COVID-19, the lawmaker, representing Osun Central Senatorial District in National Assembly, Senator Ajibola Basiru had gone into self-isolation after a trip to the United Kingdom. Basiru in his tweet handle was reacting to the letter forwarded to the leadership of… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!