Following the ban of all religious congregational service involving over 50 worshippers in churches and mosques by the Lagos State Government to prevent the further spread of the coronavirus pandemic, all mosques around Egbeda and Shasha in Alimosho local government area of the State were yesterday shut down to Muslim worshippers. When Tribune Online went around the mosques around Shasha community, the Imams in charge of the worship centres were in total compliance with the government directives as none of the mosques was opened for service. A visit to the Shasha Central Mosque within Bammeke where over 150 worshippers gather every Friday between 1 and 3 pm to pray, the mosque was locked up as the Imam of the mosque had earlier used the public address system at the mosque to urge all worshippers to stay at home and observe their jumat service. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Gov Bello orders closure of schools, bans gathering of over 30 people Some of the affected worshippers who were seen returning home though took the directive in good faith but lamented the negative effect of the coronavirus disease on human endeavours in the face of economic hardship. It is the same story at the mosque at Ladipo and the one at Mosalasi bus stops still within Shasha where it was observed that they were locked with no worshipper in sight. Meanwhile, it is the same story at many of the churches located within the Shasha community as many of the churches cancelled their normal weekly activities in compliance with the government directives. Churches like the RCCG, Assembly of God and Christ Apostolic all located within Bammeke in Shasha did not hold the weekly activities like Faith clinic and bible study. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!