The Governor of Bayelsa state, Senator Douye Diri, has visited properties allegedly destroyed by protesting members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Yenagoa, the capital of Bayelsa State, over the Supreme Court Judgement that nullified the election of the Governor-elect, Chief David Lyon, on February 13, assuring peace and stability under his watch. According to the governor, the statement credited to the APC national chairman on February 13 after the judgement that there would be no government in Bayelsa state on February 14 and Sylva’s statement that the governor of Bayelsa state from February 14 is ‘illegitimate’ triggered the riotous protests that led to wanton destruction of properties worth millions of naira. ALSO READ: South-East senators protest exclusion from $22.79 foreign loan Speaking to newsmen at the state-owned Broadcasting Corporation (Radio Bayelsa) which was also affected by the protest turned violence, the governor said “l am tempted not to believe that these people are Nigerians not to talk of being Bayelsans. “You know it is very easy to destroy and if these are supporters of the APC, what the national chairman of the APC said in Abuja after the Supreme Court which is the highest court in the land has given a ruling, and challenged the ruling of the supreme court that there will be no governor in Bayelsa state, that ignited the riot in the state. “In Imo state when the Supreme Court delivered a judgement, there were protests, not one or two or three days, they were very peaceful. Not one property was destroyed. “However, in Bayelsa state, it is a different ball game. The APC in the state has always been associated with violence, destruction of lives and property. “You can recall that two days before the governorship election, l went to Nembe for a campaign and we were attacked. We lost about twenty of our members. “Here on the 13th of February after the apex court had delivered the ruling, you now saw this level of brigandage, barbarism and primitivity visited on their own properties. Radio Bayelsa is their own property. “As if what the national leader of the APC said on the 13th of February was not enough, after I had been sworn-in, the minister for petroleum, after initially calling for calm which was suspicious to some of us, truly being what he was, he came out smoking by declaring that the governor of Bayelsa state is illegitimate.” The governor, who called on all Bayelsans to work with him for the progress of the state, also visited other areas touched by the rampaging protesters which include the Prof Azaiki Public Library, former governor Dickson and governor Diri’s houses, judiciary house, PDP state Secretariat, Ekeki Park and others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!