The US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on Thursday reported 10,491 cases of coronavirus, an increase of 3,404 cases from its previous count, and said the death toll had risen by 53 to 150. The CDC reported its tally of cases of the respiratory illness, COVID-19, caused by a new coronavirus, as of 4 pm ET on Thursday compared with its report on Wednesday. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: No proof of chloroquine’s effectiveness in treating disease ― WHO Coronavirus cases have been reported in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The CDC figures do not necessarily reflect cases reported by individual states. (Reuters/NAN) Covid-19: Lagos Govt To Shut Down Schools From Monday Lagos State government said it is closing down all public and private schools in the state from Monday, 23rd March 2020 as part of the preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The State Commissioner for Education, Mrs. Folashade Adefisayo, disclosed this in a statement made available to… Read full story  FG Reduces Petrol Price To N130 From N145 The Federal Government may have directed the reduction in the petrol price from N145 per litre to about N130. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, had last week said the government was in consultation with relevant stakeholders on the possibility of reducing the petrol price following the crash… Read full story  Coronavirus: Ekiti Govt Confirms Outbreak Of Virus The Ekiti government, on Wednesday, confirmed that a 38-year man from the state has tested positive for the deadly Coronavirus. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Mojisola Yaya Kolade, in a statement made available to Tribune Online, said that the victim contracted the virus while driving an American who visited… Read full story  Man With Coronavirus Stayed In Ibadan For Two Weeks Undetected ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government announced Wednesday evening that a man who tested positive for coronavirus stayed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital for two weeks before moving to Ekiti State where his status was confirmed. The disclosure created apprehension across Ibadan and Ekiti state where the extensive trace of… Read story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!