The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Ekiti chapter has directed his members across its 17 jurisdictional centres of the state to comply with the restriction order of not more than 20 in a gathering. The religious organisation averred that the executive order, issued by Governor Kayode Fayemi was aimed at stemming the tide of the coronavirus pandemic. As part of the measures to contain the spread of the disease, Governor Fayemi, had last week Friday directed all churches and mosques to restrict their congregations to 20, which was accorded partial compliance across the state at worship centres. ALSO READ: COVID-19: FG to completely lockdown Nigeria ― Lai Mohammed Speaking with journalists via telephone, on Thursday, in Ado Ekiti, the CAN Chairman in Ekiti, Reverend Peter Olowolafe, urged Nigerians to be hopeful in spite of the seeming gloomy position of the economy caused by Coronavirus pandemic. He said he had ordered the CAN leaderships across the 17 jurisdictions in the state to enforce the governor’s directive. “It was an instruction from the government and we have to abide by it. We held a meeting with the government on Monday on the situation and after we deliberated on the issue, I sent messages to our leaders to give effect to this order. “I had told them to make sure they get to all the towns under their jurisdictions because the message is for the benefit of all of us. I am hopeful that every one of our members will comply, but there will be compliance with what we have put in place. We have asked them to split their services rather than having a huge crowd in an attempt to conduct one service.” Olowolafe urged Nigerians to be prayerful to be able to overcome the current challenges that are gradually paralysing the economy. ” We shouldn’t lose hope and our people must abide by all precautionary measures stipulated as guidelines for personal hygiene by the federal and state governments,”  he advised.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!