The Federal High Court in Ado Ekiti on Monday fixed April 7 to hear interlocutory applications in a suit challenging the appointment of Senator Abiola Ajimobi as Deputy National Chairman (South) of All Progressive Congress (APC). Justice Uchena Agomoh fixed the date to enable respondents to file their responses to the amended originating summons brought before the court by Mr Taiwo Omidoyin, the plaintiff’s Counsel. The judge also said the gap would allow the court to hear interlocutory applications filed by all parties in the suit. “It is correct that there is a pending motion on Notice before this court. The respondents were served this morning, which means the application is not ripe for hearing. “I am mindful of the Appellant Court which has consistently said the Federal High Court and other courts must hear every application in cases. “Therefore, allowing all applications and not hearing the new application is not fair. “I will adjourn this matter to allow the application that has just been served to be responded to by all parties. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Oshiomhole shuts down APC secretariat “This case is, therefore, adjourned until April 7 for parties to address the court on the hierarchical hearing order of the several applications’’, Agomoh held. Mr Michael Akinleye, the plaintiff and member of the APC in Ekiti, had approached the court with a suit bearing registration number FHC/AD/C8/8/2020 to challenge the propriety of the National Working Committee’s appointment of Ajimobi. Other listed as respondents are APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, National Working Committee, National Vice Chairman, South West, APC South-West Zonal Caucus, Ekiti Chairman of APC, Ekiti Caucus of APC, and the APC. Earlier, Omidoyin had informed the court of his pending application seeking amendment of the originating summons before the court. He said an adjournment was needed to afford him the time to serve all the respondents in the matter. According to Omidoyin, he is unable to serve respondents the motion of March 20 as the jurisdiction addresses of the respondents cannot be reached that same day. Omidoyin, however, said the respondents had only been served March 23 in the court, adding that they required time to file their responses. Mr Anthony Adeniyi, Counsel for APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, and four others told the court that he had a pending application raising objection on the suit fixed for hearing March 23. Adeniyi, however, acknowledged the fact that he was served a motion on notice for amendment of the originating summons March 23 in court by the plaintiff’s counsel. Mr Akinwale Adeyeye, another respondents’ counsel also attested to the receiving of the new application from Omidoyin which had yet to be responded to. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!