As part of efforts aimed at curtailing the spread of the coronavirus in Ekiti State, the State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has named an eight-person management committee for the COVID-19 Pandemic Support Account recently set up by the state government. Fayemi while giving broadcast to the people of the state, on Sunday, said the account was opened specifically to receive donations from corporate bodies, philanthropists and well-meaning members of the society willing to support the state government’s efforts to combat COVID-19. According to a statement by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, the expected support would also be channelled towards providing palliatives for vulnerable persons in the state. ALSO READ: Lockdown: DPR warns against storage of petroleum products in Ogun Members of the committee are; Mr Biodun Oyebanji, Secretary to the State Government as Chairman; Mrs Margaret Fagboyo, Special Adviser, Development Partnerships will serve as Secretary; while Mr Ayoola Owolabi, Commissioner for Finance; Mr Femi Ajayi, Commissioner for Budget and Economic Planning; Dr (Mrs) Moji Yaya-Kolade, Commissioner for Health and Human Services; Alhaji Ayodele Jinadu, Commissioner for Special Duties; Professor Bolaji Aluko, Special Adviser and Dr Hakeem Bakare, Director-General DICT as members of the committee. ” The committee was set up in line with the governor’s commitment to transparency and accountability. “The Ekiti State COVID-19 Pandemic Support Account, a UBA Current Account with number 1022752067, has since become operative,” Oyebode said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Appoints Osinbajo As Chairman, Economic Sustainability Committee President Muhammadu Buhari has set up an Economic Sustainability Committee with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as chairman. He has also okayed financial services providers to operate during the restriction on movements and activities that he imposed on Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States to curtail the spread of coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Governor Makinde Tests Positive, Explains How He Got Infected •Says I remain in self-isolation •Oyo State releases index case after treatment Oyo State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde on Monday confirmed he has tested positive to the rampaging coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19. The governor who tweeted via his personal handle @seyiamakinde on Monday, said that he was asymptomatic and would remain in isolation... Read full story