Against the backdrop of numerous fire out of breaks in Edo State, the management of the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC), a subsidiary of NNPC has donated a twin-agent Fire extinguishing system to the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Benin Airport. Only recently three markets: Ekiosa, Santana and Uwelu Spare parts were razed down as a result of the inability of firefighters who lacked fire trucks to curtail the raging inferno. Mr Ismail Mohammed, the General Manager, Asset Management who represented the Managing Director of NPDC, Mr Mansur Sambo during the handover of the fire truck to FAAN said the initiative was part of NPDC corporate social investment to its host communities. “NPDC is presenting this fire truck to FAAN, Benin Airport not as part of our corporate social responsibilities but as a corporate social investment to our host communities ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Council advises Muslims to observe prayers at home in Kwara “The Benin Airport is also a vital root for NPDC related activities and we are concerned about the safety and security of the FAAN staff and passengers using the Airport. “We have been doing our best to help the community and other establishments within the NPDC host communities in order to touch their lives in a positive way,” he said. According to him, we will continue to do our best to carry out the CSR for the betterment of the nation. Receiving the fire truck on behalf of FAAN, Captain  Muye Murktar, the director of Airport Operations appealed to NPDC to extend the gesture to other airports in the country. Murktar said: “Airport is about safety and security and fire service is a vital part of it. This truck is extremely expensive and we appreciate NPDC for it.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!