The four timber merchants who were abducted on Saturday evening by gunmen at the border of Ondo State and Edo State have regained their freedom after allegedly paying N3 million ransom. Nigerian Tribune reliably gathered that the ransom which varied was paid by the families of the victims after pleading with their abductors to reduce the ransom to N3m from N5m. The four victims who were reunited with their families on Monday morning after their release by their abductors refused to speak on their ordeal in the hands of the kidnappers. The victims were said to be heading to a neighbouring town from Akunnu Akoko to repair one of their timber lorries which broke down in the forest before they were abducted. The armed men dragged the four victims out of the vehicle and led them into the bush while they contacted the families of the victims, demanding for ransom. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kogi High Court to hear only urgent, criminal cases One of the victims, identified as Samuel Obadofin from Akunnu Akoko in Akoko Northwest Local Government area was released with three others and they went to their Ikare Akoko home immediately after their release. Obadofin who refused to disclosed the ransom paid by their families said it was a horrible experience but commended the efforts of his family in ensuring his release. He, however, confirmed that the other victims who are his business associates have been released too and reunited with their families. The regent of Akunu Akoko Princess Tola Orogun commended the police and the military in ensuring the release of the four victims while she called for more synergy between the two sister agencies to ensure the security of lives and property in the area. She urged the residents of the community to always share useful information with security agents that will lead to the arrest of the criminals in the area. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!