The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has directed road traffic enforcement officers across the territory to intensify the arrest of drivers who carry in their vehicles an excess number of passengers. Mr. Ikharo Attah, the Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task Team on Traffic Management, announced this at an interactive session with newsmen on Sunday in Abuja. Attah said at a time when the world was fighting the Covid-19 pandemic by advocating social distancing, it would be inappropriate for drivers to have their vehicles jam-packed or even overloaded in the bid to make quick money. “Those carrying two passengers in front of their vehicles would have their vehicles impounded and driver’s license seized. ALSO READ: Coronavirus deaths surge past 13,000 as more than one billion confined to homes “ Besides the health risks, it is also unsafe as the driver finds it difficult to adjust his gear and hand breaks,” Attah said. He explained that High Capacity Bus drivers would also be properly checked to ensure that they do not overload their buses. Attah, therefore, called on operators of all commercial motorcycles and tricycles permitted to operate in the suburbs to also avoid overloading because of covid-19 He called on managers of motor parks and transport unions to obey the directive of the FCT minister which limits any gathering to a maximum of 50 persons. The chairman also advised transporters to be observant of their passengers and report those with signs of respiratory challenges to appropriate health authorities for prompt action. US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!