Two members of a robbery gang who have been tormenting the Okitipupa community in Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State, have been arrested by men of the State Police Command. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Tee -Leo Ikoro, disclosed this while parading the two suspects and 13 others arrested for various crimes and criminal activities in the state. The two arrested armed robbers include Omotayo Nasiru, 30, and Adeoye Eniola, 34, were accused to have robbed a businessman, Jedo Blessing of the sum of N21.5m at gunpoint. It was gathered that the two suspects were arrested at different locations after the robbery operation, while other members of the gang are still at large. Recounting the incident that led to their arrest, Nasiru explained that he was informed about the operation by the leader of the gang, identified as Job and they tracked their victims to the area they robbed them. He said Job left for Lagos immediately after the robbery where he met him before he was arrested by men of the Ondo Police Command. He said, “we received information that our target are moving the sum of N21.5m to the bank and we blocked them on the road, brandishing guns at them, forcing them to stop and ordered them out of the vehicle. “We dispossessed them of the cash and their mobile phones. The money were packed in two sacks and we left the scene of the incident with the money but unfortunately, some SARS operatives came around and pursued us and I escaped with others. ALSO READ: One killed as cultists invade Benue varsity campus “But Eniola was arrested by the SARS with the other sack but I ran to Lagos to meet Job who I gave the money to. I was later arrested in Lagos by the police through the mobile phone I took from the victims.” According to him, two other members of the gang who operated with him during the robbery had been arrested by men of the FSARS in Lagos while the leader of the group, Job had been on the run. The other suspect, Eniola, a commercial driver, also confessed to the crime, saying it was devil’s handwork that led him to the crime. Speaking on their arrest, the state PPRO said the incident was reported at the Igbokoda Police station, while police from the command swung into action. Ikoro said the two suspects were arrested after intelligence gathering by detectives from the state, while the investigation is ongoing to arrest other members of the group He said: “One Jedo Blessing of No 80 Omonipa street Igbokoda, reported at the station that at about 1400hrs, he left Amoye via Ilaje with his manager in a jeep with the sum of N21. 5m to deposit in a bank “On his way, between Ipira and Igbokoda at Alope bridge, four men armed with AK47 rifles jumped on to the road, blocked him and snatched the vehicle. “They drove them inside the bush where the money was carted away. The case was subsequently transferred to Special Anti Robbery Squad for further investigation. “Two suspects were arrested, Omotayo Nasiru and Adeoye Eniola, on interrogation, the two suspects confessed to the commission of the crime.” He assured that the two suspects will appear before the court after the conclusion of investigation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!