Contrary to speculations making rounds that the Unity Forum of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in Ondo State has decided on its consensus candidate that will vie for the gubernatorial ticket under the umbrella of the forum, the Selection Committee has stated that it is yet to decide on a candidate. The Secretary of the Selection Committee, Professor Sola Ehindero, on Friday stated that after three weeks of deliberation, the selection committee is yet to reach a decision or file a report, asking party members to ignore information from the social media or any outfit regarding the choice of a consensus candidate until the committee announces it’s decision. According to him, “The mandate of the committee set up by the Unity Forum is to select a consensus candidate who is credible, loyal and whose track record reflects his or her community and corporate accountability and commitment to selfless service. “After three weeks of non-compromising deliberations and as of today Friday, 27th of March, 2020, the committee is yet to reach a decision on such a candidate and thus yet to prepare a report. While the search continues party members should ignore information from the social media or any outfit regarding the choice of a consensus candidate,” Professor Ehindero said. ALSO READ: British PM tests positive for coronavirus It will be recalled that about three weeks ago, the Unity Forum constituted a 7-man Selection Committee to select a consensus candidate among the 10 aspirants who have expressed their interests in becoming the governor of the state. The committee started work and has been interfacing with the aspirants and examining their blueprints for the state to enable it deliberate on a choice of a consensus choice. The committee has urged members of the forum and the public to await the outcome of the exercise and ignore false news peddled on social media which has been a source of various conflicting reports about the outcome of the exercise. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!