The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has directed its officials to shut down the seaport, airports and land borders over the COVID-19 pandemic. In a statement signed on Tuesday, by the NIS National Spokesman, DC Sunday James, the shut down is in compliance with the Federal Government directive in order to safeguard the lives of Nigerians and non-Nigerians. According to the statement: “The Comptroller General of Nigeria Immigration Service, Muhammad Babandede MFR, has directed for total compliance with the Federal Government directive on International flights restriction into Nigeria and subsequent Closure of the Land Border to safeguard the lives and well-being of Nigerians and Non-Nigerians in view of the continuous spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19). ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Enugu gov orders workers to work from home, bans social, political gatherings “The CGI Babandede directive came at the instance of the land border closure directive and the need to enforce total lockdown of Airports, Seaports and land border frontiers to curtail and contain the spread of the virus which can be reduced by the control of human mobility across the borders and within for those that must have travelled who needs to observe an isolation period on return to the country. “Nigeria Immigration Service will not fail in enforcing laws on Control and Management of human mobility at this trying times of our nation to ensure the good health and well-being of our citizens. “Consequent upon the Federal Government directives the Officers at all the International Airports, Land and Sea borders have been directed to observe border closure for the period stipulated. “The Comptroller General assures Nigerians of the service’s commitment to the best global practices to safeguard our borders and control of human mobility.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story  FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!