Educational materials and healthcare facilities worth millions of Naira have been donated to the Gombe State Government through the Sir Emeka Offor Foundation, (SEOF) in an effort to boost education and promote good health in the state. Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya who secured the donation for the state from the Foundation was the special guest of honour at the flag-off of the SEOF 2020 National Books/ Educational Materials and Medical Equipment Distribution Programme held in Oraifite, Anambra state. Inuwa Yahaya said that Gombe state will continue to partner with well-meaning individuals and organisations within and outside the country towards improving the educational infrastructure of the state for effective teaching and learning. He added that he had to personally attend the event to encourage and appreciate the founder of SEOF, Chief Emeka Offor for his humanitarian service and to further strengthen the relationship with the Foundation in his quest to revamp education and other critical sectors of the state. The Governor also lauded Chief Emeka Offor’s style of philanthropy which targets at helping the humanity by touching the lives of the less privileged members of the society in many areas of human endeavors, urging other wells to do individuals in the country to emulate his humanitarian intervention by investing in the people and giving back to the society. ALSO READ: Police arrest 34 suspected cultists in Abuja Inuwa Yahaya was earlier conducted round the warehouses storing the materials by the Coordinator of SEOF Hon. Tony Obi in company of other dignitaries. Gombe State University (GOSU), Federal University, Kashere (FUK) as well as public primary and secondary schools in Gombe state are among the beneficiaries. In addition, four other tertiary institutions and some selected public schools in Gombe state will also receive books and other educational materials as a special gesture by the Foundation. The Chairman of SEOF and founder of Chrome Group of companies, Sir Emeka Offor said that over 1,460,000 volumes of books are to be distributed to Universities, Polytechnic, Colleges of Education, public libraries as well as primary schools across the country as part of his support to education. He further said that added to the educational materials, his Foundation has procured medical equipment and supplies for distribution to some designated hospitals with Gombe state as one of the beneficiaries. The SOEF Chairman commended Governor Inuwa Yahaya for prioritising education and focusing attention on human capital development, assuring of his foundation’s resolve to collaborate with the Governor and support his efforts in achieving his targets. Minister of State for Education, Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, former Senate President, Sen. Ken Nnamani, and other speakers at the event commended Chief Emeka Offor for his generosity and benevolence as well as his support to Government in eradicating illiteracy and improving education. Governor Yahaya was accompanied to Anambra state by the Commissioner of Special Duties, Barr. Mela Nunghe, his associate, Alhaji Mala Sheriff and other aides as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the Governor. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!