A group, Patriots for the Advancement Of Peace and Social Development (PAPSD), on Tuesday alleged that there was an orchestrated plot to sack Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, of the Young Progressive Party (YPP), representing Anambra South Senatorial District, using the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). In a statement made available to the media in Abuja, the group pointed accusing fingers to those it called desperate politicians “aided by compromised judicial officials.” Signed by its Executive Director Alhaji Sani Abdulahi, the statement noted that their action was at the detriment of the ideals of democracy and justice. While asserting that defeated candidates in some elections were not willing to concede defeat, the statement observed that the unlawful and flagrant abuse of judicial powers by a certain judge had been nullified by the Court Of Appeal when the court refused to be swayed by the arguments that the time frame for pre-election matters in Section 285 of the Constitution had lapsed. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu seeks cooperation of stakeholders to curb spread of Coronavirus The statement said: “It now appears as a matter of general knowledge that defeated candidates in some elections are not willing to concede defeat, they take the opportunity even on sliding stones to fight until they drown. Lawmaker challenges INEC on delimitation Bayelsa: INEC declares seat of Senator Diri, Ewhrudjakpo… [BREAKING] Certificate forgery: Court clears Wada as Kogi… Court stops INEC from de-registering 33 political parties The group noted that the election in the Anambra South Senatorial District where Ubah was declared the winner “is a classic scenario that whatever is wrong with the Nigerian electoral system had nothing to do with the law or legal provisions, but the institutions operating the system and in this case largely the FCT High Court is a classic example of a court which has become notorious for forum shopping and orders and judgments obtained in manners that flout the basic tenets of justice.” The group recalled that “the unlawful attempt to rob Senator Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah of his victory in the general election of Anambra South Senatorial District started in October 19, 2018, when one Anani Anacletus Chuka approached the High Court of Federal Capital Territory Abuja presided over by Justice Kawu and thereafter prayed the Honourable Court to determine whether the Young Progressive Party (YPP) who did not conduct or hold a primary election for its party for Anambra South Senatorial seat is qualified to present Senator Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah as its candidate to contest in the general election for Anambra South Senatorial District. “He also asked the court to determine whether by virtue of Section 66(1) and (2), Section 182(1) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic Of Nigeria 1999(as amended) Senator Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah was not disqualified from contesting the 2019 Senatorial District election on the grounds that he had presented a forged certificate to YPP and INEC respectively. “While the suit of Anani Anacletus Chuka against Senator Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah was pending before the Honourable Justice Kawu, Mr. Obinna Uzoh clearly one month after the elections have taken place, surreptitiously made an application to be joined in the suit which was filed and was thereafter granted by the Honourable Justice Kawu. “The application was filed on a Wednesday the 27th of March heard on Friday the 29th and judgment delivered on Monday, April 1st, without service of same on Senator Ubah. “It is instructive to note that the period between the filing and hearing of the application for joinder and judgment by the court was about three working days and was therefore in flagrant disregard to the rules of court that prescribes a minimum of seven days notice and in the absence of any order of court abridging time to respond to the application.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN