Ahead of the 2021 governorship in Anambra state, stakeholders of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) in Orumba North Local Government Area of the state, while passing vote of no confidence on the Council Chapter Chairman, Honourable Sunday Ejiribe, whom the accused strongly of working for the All Progressive Congress APC against APGA, has given the state governor, Willie Obiano, a fourteen days ultimatum to sack him as the party chairman. The aggrieved stakeholders said their decision was based on the current situation in the running of the party affairs in the local government that produce National Assembly member, Honourable Okwudili Ezenwankwo and a State House of Assembly, Chief Emeka Aforka under it party in the 2019 general elections alleging that the Chairman was fully involved in anti-party activities and that he lacks the ability, capability, transparency and seriousness to delivered APGA in the 2021 governorship election, if allowed to continued. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the unanimous decision of the party leaders to withdraw their support from the alleged chairman was a move by Honourable Nwankwo Ezekiel and seconded by Honourable Ify Obinnabo, Senior Special Adviser to Gov. Obiano on Public Enlightenment, during an expanded stakeholders meeting organized by Honourable Emeka Aforka, who is also the Majority Leader of the State House of Assembly, held over the weekend at Ndowu Civil Center in Orumba north council area of the state. The meeting was greeted with loud cheers of acceptance by the party supporters at the venue. According to them, Honourable Sunday Ejiribe was fraudulently imposed on them to ascend to the position of authority in the party with the connivance and conspiracy of the NASS member, Honourable Ezenwankwo, without following the party constitution. ALSO READ: NYSC sports festival: FG wants club owners, sporting bodies to work with scheme They, however, called for urgent intervention of the national leadership of the party to reverse the situation, so that the invader from APC does not become the undertaker of APGA in the Council. Imo guber: Supreme Court is set to decide Ararume, Ihedioha… PDP, APGA governors back re-appointment of Ngige as Labour… May day: Obiano assures of more commitment to worker’s… Hundreds of APGA members defect to PDP in Anambra While responding on behalf of the party chairman, Honourable Sunday Ejiribe, the lawmaker representing Orumba North/South Federal Constituency, Honourable Ezenwankwo said the 14 days ultimatum, has no five per cent weight. According to him, I am the leader of the party in the area, I can say authoritatively that the man in contention was never imposed as a chairman but constitutionally elected as Deputy Chairman of the party during the last Congress a year ago. He assumed office as a chairman only when his boss resigned and was appointed as the Transition Chairman of the local government by Governor Willie Obiano. Issuing an ultimatum to the state government to sack a party chairman that has been with the party since inception, is an act of disrespect, he frowned. How could they do that, when they know that the Governor is not the party chairman if they think is possible to sack Honourable Ejiribe, they should do that in accordance with the party constitution, he added. He said what the party supporters should be doing presently now is to put more plans on how to retain power in the state come 2021 governorship election. While accusing the lawmaker, representing the Council at the statehouse of Assembly, Honourable Aforka, of been behind the leadership crisis, assured all members of the party that he will always put the interest of the party first before any personal interest. On their separate speeches during the meeting, the Special Adviser to the governor on Political matters, Chief Ifeato Obi-Okoye and the lawmaker representing Anambra East/West Federal Constituency, Hon Chinedu Obidigwe, advised the two factions to put down their differences in writing to the State Working Committee of the party for necessary action. They also informed the supporters that the National leadership of the party is more interested in uniting the party as one strong family, stressing that know member of the party would be neglected in the scheme of things. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN