The Ogun State Government has postponed the lockdown directive from midnight of Monday 30, March till Friday, April 3. The State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, disclosed this on Monday, in his address to the people of the state shortly after inspecting 128-bed isolation centres located within the premises of HID Awolowo Model School, Ikenne Remo. Tribune Online recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide address on Sunday evening directed that Ogun State should be on lockdown for a period of 14 days to contain the spread of the coronavirus disease. Abiodun said he consulted with the President Buhari on the need to extend the lockdown directive in the overall interest of the people of the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Safety should be our priority, Lukman tells Soyinka, Adegboruwa, others While noting that the Presidency graciously agreed to the request, and therefore urged the people of the state to remain calm and stock up food items ahead of time. He added that the state had procured 20 ventilators for use at the isolation centres. Details later… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Abba Kyari And His COVID-19 PATIENTS are afraid of contracting the disease from doctors; doctors are afraid of getting infected by patients. It is a perfect medical standoff certain to breed a disaster. How does a country handle this? Yet, it is a war foretold but our cripple ignored the clear warnings… Read full article Century-Old Vaccine Investigated As Weapon Against Coronavirus A vaccine that has been used to prevent tuberculosis is being given to health-care workers in Melbourne to see if it will protect them against the coronavirus. The bacillus Calmette-Guerin, or BCG, the shot has been used widely for about 100 years, with a growing appreciation for its off-target benefits… Read full story (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed Immediate Payment Of Two-Month Conditional Cash Transfers “For the most vulnerable in our society, I have directed that the conditional cash transfers for the next two months be paid immediately. Our Internally displaced persons will also receive two months of food rations… Read full text (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed 3-Month Moratorium On Tradermoni, BOI, BOA, Other Loans “Furthermore, I have directed that a three-month repayment moratorium for all TraderMoni, MarketMoni and FarmerMoni loans be implemented with immediate effect. “I have also directed that a similar moratorium be given to all Federal Government funded loans issued by the Bank of Industry, Bank of… Read full text COVID–19: Why Government’s Communications Have Not Been Effective —Experts Despite universal attestation to the existence of Coronavirus and the havoc it can wreck on humanity, if allowed to thrive, quite a sizeable number of Nigerians, especially those at the lower rungs of the socio-economic ladder, would still prefer to treat such claim with a pint of salt… Read full story