Stakeholders meeting against the spread of coronavirus in Sokoto, held on Tuesday, at the state government house exco chamber, ended inconclusively. Meanwhile, the social distance rule to guide against contracting the virus was not followed as about two hundred people attended the meeting. Some of the high profile personalities at the meeting include Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal; his deputy, Honourable Manir Dan’Iya; Sultan of Sokoto, His Eminence, Sa’ad Abubakar III, and members of the state executive council. Others include traditional and community leaders, security chiefs, representatives of a community-based organisation, and several others. ALSO READ: Britain seeking 250,000 volunteers to help health service Speaking after the meeting, Abdullahi S. Danko, a permanent secretary in the state, told journalists that, “the stakeholders meeting with regards to COVID-19 is inconclusive. “The enlarged meeting has decided to constitute an ad-hoc committee, review all the summations and report back to the entire meeting at a later day.” During our correspondent’s visit to one of the three isolation centres at Amanawa Infectious Disease Hospital, none of the staff could volunteer information on the level of readiness of the hospital. The hospital old administrative building earmarked as the isolation centre is undergoing reconstruction. One of the workers on-site Nigerian Tribune that “the building may not be ready, until the next two weeks.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!