The Kano State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in its effort, to contribute its quota towards preventing the spread of COVID-19, has deployed 250 officers on response to coronavirus emergency. According to a statement by it’s Public Relations Officer, Ibrahim Idris Abdullahi and made available on Wednesday to Nigerian Tribune, the command said the personnel were also deployed to ensure enforcement of social restriction in the state. We, therefore, advised members of the public to always imbibe the good culture of personal hygiene and the social distance strategy so as to collectively curb and mitigate the spread of the scourge,” Abdullahi stated. His added that, “the deployment of the officers was in compliance with the directives from the national headquarters of the NSCDC as part of the efforts to checkmate the spread of the coronavirus pandemic.” He disclosed that the deployment was part of efforts to checkmate the spread of the raging coronavirus. ALSO READ: COVID-19: GTBank shareholders to attend AGM by proxy Abdullahi stated that “the trained operatives drawn from crisis management department, divisional offices and three area commands will be on surveillance duty, enforcement of social restriction and response to coronavirus emergency. He further disclosed that, “the operatives are to be on duty 24 hours daily and will work in collaboration with officials of the Nigerian Center for Disease Control (NCDC), health practitioners, Kano State Taskforce against the spread of COVID-19 as well as the sister security agencies.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!