Suspected armed robbers on Sunday, raped a female victim to death while her father was at the hospital with pregnant wife in Delta State. The lady was identified as Miss Woduowei while the incident occurred in Bomadi, headquarters of Bomadi LGA of the state. Reports say the incident happened during an armed robbery attack along the Bomadi Gas Plant Station in Bomadi in the early hours of Sunday. A member of the vigilante group, who declined identification, in the area confirmed the incident to journalists in Delta. He said the father of the victim, one Elder Wuduowei, was away from home when the hoodlums invade the area and raped the lady whom they found alone in the house. ALSO READ: Bauchi governor in self-isolation following contact with Atiku’s son Before the incident, the victim was said to have alerted her father who couldn’t act fast to inform security agents. Father of the victim, Elder Wuduowei, was quoted as saying that he couldn’t reach the head of the vigilante group when he got wind of the attack on his home. “Armed robbers attacked my house when I was not around and my daughter tried to reach me to alert me. “I was in the hospital because my wife was in labour before I could reach the head of vigilantes who accompanied me down, it was already late. “We saw her body cold after we saw signs of her being violated by the hoodlums,” he lamented. The reaction was still being awaited from the Delta State Commissioner of Police, Mr Hafiz Inuwa, while filing the report. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!