The Presidential Villa, Abuja is this Tuesday in an eerie mood as reports claim that the Chief of Staff to the president, Mallam Abba Kyari, has tested positive for COVID-19. Following the federal government’s directive for civil servants from grade level 1 – 12 to stay and work from home, there are fewer than normal personnel who reported for work. Some of them could be seen in small numbers talking in hush tones, ostensibly about the news of the test, which was yet to be officially acknowledged at the time of this report. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Kaduna correctional service suspends visits to centres Others have been heard openly expressing fears about the consequences of a positive test for the CoS given the nature of his interaction with politicians, other senior government officials and staff. Since returning from Germany, Kyari who was said not to have asymptotic had been attending meetings including last week’s Federal Executive Council (FEC) and the inauguration of the Presidential Task Force for the Control of COVID-19, both of which were presided over by President Buhari. Kyari was said to have tested positive on Monday reportedly necessitating a COVID-19 test by President Muhammadu Buhari whose result was said to have returned negative. The CoS had returned from Germany last week after meeting with officials of Siemens on the Nigerian electricity expansion programme. When asked for comments, the Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), Garba Shehu, said he could not speak at that time. More to come… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!