As part of the effort to curtail the spread of the coronavirus from Ondo State, the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has ordered the fumigation of all markets and motor parks across the state Akeredolu who gave this order on Tuesday said the exercise should commence immediately. Speaking in Akure, the governor said that the committee on sanitation and traffic rules would carry out the exercise. He said: “We have given additional responsibility to the committee on sanitation and traffic rules to disinfect and fumigate our markets, streets and motor parks. “The state government has purchased motorised water pumps, we have 50 drums of ethanol, chlorine that would be used for this exercise. “We have equally bought water takers and Hilux vans that would carry the water tankers to the markets and motor parks. “By the time our market returned after the closure, they will meet a cleaner market that had been fumigated.” Responding, the Chairman of the Committee, who is the state Commissioner for Water Resources, Mrs Yetunde Adeyanju, said that the exercise will commence immediately. Adeyanju pointed out that the exercise would take place across the markets in towns and motor parks across the state. According to her, over 100 ad-hoc staff of the ministry would be recruited by the committee from across the three senatorial districts across the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Appoints Osinbajo As Chairman, Economic Sustainability Committee President Muhammadu Buhari has set up an Economic Sustainability Committee with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as chairman. He has also okayed financial services providers to operate during the restriction on movements and activities that he imposed on Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States to curtail the spread of coronavirus… Read full story