Sir Emeka Offor has called for the support of government strategies to curb the spreading of the deadly Coronavirus which Nigeria has recorded two cases. Emeka Offor who is the Founder of Sir Emeka Offor Foundation said this during the groundbreaking ceremony of the Sir Emeka Offor Rotary Hall in Abuja. He said his Foundation has already commenced awareness on the Coronavirus at its website and the social media handles. “What Coronavirus needs primarily is awareness, people must make sure that they wash their hands, they must keep the distance of 2 to 3 meters of anyone suspected to have the symptoms, and as soon as they go to any public gathering, avoid very close contact with people if you go to our website, you will find out that we have already started creating awareness. “If you see what has happened to other countries that are even more prepared than we assume, that have more amenities than ours like the United States, Italy even China, if Coronavirus can enter there, then Nigeria will be a different ball game, so whatever measures the federal government have taken that will safeguard this country should be encouraged”, he said. ALSO READ: Six political parties battle for Patigi constituency seat in Kwara While conducting the groundbreaking of the Rotary Hall, Emeka Offor said there was a need for the Rotary club to have its own Hall in Abuja. “I feel very happy and delighted that what started as a pledge, has now turned out to not only to be a reality, but a dream come true. The need for a Rotary Hall, within the Federal Capital Territory, cannot be overemphasised. “Rotary is built on friendship and fellowship, through continuous engagement and cross-fertilization of the idea. “We should, therefore, have a place of our own where we can always congregate and bring out ideas that will touch the lives of our communities”, he said. He further said “it is therefore expected that at the completion of the Sir Emeka Offor Rotary Hall, an endless opportunity would have been created for the Rotary family. “The Hall has a seating capacity of 1000 and has been fully funded at the contract sum of N70 million. “The completion period of the contract is 12 weeks and variation is a no-go area. It is my hope that the contractor will keep to the terms of contact and do a decent and impressive job. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS