THE Nigerian Stored Products Research Institute (NSPRI), has trained National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members within Ibadan metropolis on value addition of selected agricultural commodities. Speaking during the opening ceremony of the capacity building programme held at the Multipurpose Hall, NSPRI Ibadan zonal office, Onireke, Ibadan, Executive Director, Dr Patricia Pessu, said the project was conceptualised in response to the unemployment challenge being faced by Nigerian youths. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE According to her, it is a series of trainings with the maiden edition held at the institute’s headquarters, Ilorin in February 2020. The capacity building training is expected to be replicated all over the country for NYSC members. “The training you are about to undertake is designed to open your eyes to areas of great opportunity in agriculture, challenge and motivate you. “It is expected that upon completion of your service year, this training would have equipped you not only with knowledge of exciting opportunities in postharvest handling and value addition to agricultural commodities but more importantly with the requisite skills to transport ideas into sustainable agribusiness. Pessu further stated that: “NSPRI with over sixty years of postharvest research delivery has developed various technologies and appropriate techniques for handling, processing and storage of different categories of agricultural commodities. “Over the years, efforts by various governments in the country to empower youths in agriculture because an important area. Postharvest value chain has not been properly recognised. Value addition to agricultural commodities is an opportunity for income generation, job creation and effective postharvest loss management practice. “The World Bank predicts that African agriculture and agribusiness will grow to be an 890 billion Euro industry by 2030. This represents significant reward for young people who tap into the industry as entrepreneurs. This training therefore, presents an opportunity for corp members to be part of the growing sector.” She concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!