The authorities of the University of Abuja has suspended indefinitely 24 students for their alleged involvement in cultism. The Vice-Chancellor, University of Abuja, Professor Abdul-Rasheed Na’Allah, approved the suspension in line with his zero-tolerance cultism and social vices on the campus. It would be recalled that the Police on March 15, 2020, arrested 46 students suspected to be cult members, following a tip-off from the University Safety Office in close collaboration with the community vigilantes, while they were planning to conduct initiation in Gwako Village along Gwagwalada Road, Abuja. Head, Information and University Relations University of Abuja, Dr Habib Yakoob, in a statement, on Saturday, in Abuja, said this was the first batch of the arrested students to be suspended by the University Management. Out of the 24 suspended students, who cut across various faculties including Science, Arts, Social Science, 7 were in 400 level; 10 in 300 level; 6 in 200 level and one spill-over student. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Only direct parties to cases will be allowed into court ― Ekiti CJ According to the statement, the affected students have been directed by the University authority to handover all property in their possession and vacate the hostels immediately. The Vice-Chancellor, who relied on the University Law clearly spelt out to the students during their orientation exercise, and for which a matriculation oath was taken, has also directed that the students be made to appear before the Students’ Disciplinary Committee for further investigation. Yakoob said: “The University Management wishes to reiterate that it has zero tolerance for cultism and other related misconduct in the University, and is determined to, after due diligence, punish any staff or student who violates the university rules and regulations. “The University community is urged to be vigilant at all times and accordingly report any suspicious activities within the university that could undermine the safety and peaceful co-existence of its members. “The University administration assures students and staff of the University, of its maximum protection, and that measures have been put in place to arrest any other suspect to serve as a deterrent to others.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!