The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC), on Saturday, announced plans to terminate all passenger train services across the country from Monday, March 23, 2020, due to the ravaging Coronavirus outbreak in the country. This is even as the Corporation listed conditions for continuous passenger train services, which included provision of names, date of birth and addresses of would-be-passengers. According to a statement signed by the NRC Deputy Director for Public Relations, Mr Yakub Mahmood, on Saturday, passengers who wish to continue enjoying the train services will have to provide their addresses and names at every point of entry. The statement with headline ‘NRC Stops Passengers Train Services’ stated that, “The Board and Management of the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) have decided to stop all passenger trains operation as from Monday 23rd of March 2020. “This is in view of the report of the already known Coronavirus (Covid-19) outbreak). “Further information on passenger train services will be made available in due cause to our esteemed passengers.” ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Lagos bans religious, social gatherings of over 20 people The NRC further gave conditionalities to continue with passenger train services. Explaining further in its statement, the NRC added that, “Further to the earlier statement, the board and management have reviewed the situation and decided to provide passengers train services with the listed conditionalities: “Passengers are to provide full names, address, date of birth and means of identity to continue enjoying passenger train services nationwide. “We enjoin all passengers to please cooperate with any other measures put in place to protect ourselves from ourselves.” It would be recalled that the NRC runs standard gauge and narrow gauge train services in Lagos, Ibadan, Abuja, Warri-Itakpe and other parts of the country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!