The Ogun State Government has directed heads of ministries, agencies and parastatals in the State Public Service to reduce the number of workers for daily duty. The government in a statement signed by Kunle Somorin, Chief Press Secretary to Governor Dapo Abiodun, said the development became expedient in view of the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic in the country. The state government directed that rosters should be drawn to accommodate not more than 20 per cent of staff across cadres to work, at least once in a week. It also directed teachers in all public schools to proceed on vacation immediately. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Wike bans public burials, weddings The state government as well had reduced the number of people gathering from 50 to 20. While restrictions have been placed on visits to government offices except on COVID-19 solution related and emergency situations. It urged banks, telecoms and other service providers to ensure that they do not have more than 20 clients at a time in their various places. Similarly, transporters were asked to reduce the number of passengers in commercial vehicles and motorcycles. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!