The Senate on day advised the Federal Government to upgrade the existing Almajiri (street urchins) model schools and build more to increase the number of school enrollment, to reduce the number of out-of-school children on the streets. The Senate resolution was sequel to a motion, “The Need to Integrate Almajiri Education into Modern System of Education in Nigeria,” sponsored by former Minister of the Federal Capital Territory and Senator representing Kebbi Central, Senator Adamu Aliero. The former Kebbi State governor in his lead debate said that over the years the Federal Government of Nigeria had made efforts to reduce the menace of street begging by introducing the Universal Primary Education (UPE) Scheme in 1976, and re-introduced the Universal Basic Education (UBE) in September 1999. The lawmaker noted that the street urchins, Almajiri happened to be one of the persons covered by the UBE Act 2004, for the purpose of provision of basic education. Citing findings by the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF), Aliero said, “we have more than 14 million out-of-school children, most of them being Almajiri roaming the streets of our major cities in Nigeria begging for alms and food.” The former FCT recalled the selfless move by the past administration of Dr Goodluck Jonathan who in his determination to integrate the street urchins built model schools in which these children were enrolled and given both Islamic and Western education. Senator Aliero expressed regret that “some of the structures are either laying fallow or put into uses other than what they were originally intended for and some of the facilities in the Almajiri Model Schools are already decaying as they have never been put to use.” He further recalled that the Kano State governor, Abdullah Ganduje, recently announced the ban on street begging and launched the Basic Education Service Delivery for All (BESDA), a policy which penalises parents or guardians of children caught begging on the streets. He added that other states such as Nasarawa and Niger have since followed suit with the introduction of the Child Rights Protection Executive Order by the former, and the setting up of a committee to fine-tune the modalities for the policy’s implementation by the latter. Lending his voice in support of the motion, Senator representing Niger North, Sabi Aliyu said the quest to address the problem of out-of-school children was one of the legislative agenda of the Ninth Senate. He said: “Within the context of the north, most of the out-of-school children are the Almajiris, and I think that the fact that some states in the north are finally rising up to the occasion shows that this issue requires our attention and is long overdue. ALSO READ: JUST IN: Jamoh takes over at NIMASA “It is an abuse of the rights of these children, and of course, many of these children, when you have any engagement with them do not even know why they are brought to where you see them. “These parents just take them and dump them on some of these Mallams, who in turn are also exploiting the children. “I think the bottom line there is that we must acknowledge that no matter how well other children are educated, no matter how well we give education to our children, these children that are abandoned in the name of Almajiri system will come out to be the key determinants of the success and progress of our own children. “Because those who are left unattended to and uneducated, will definitely in time grow up to know nothing other than to be recruited into criminality and other vices which are now the order of the day. “Mr President and Distinguished Colleagues, if you are following the spate of kidnappings and the reports we are getting, many of these children are actually the kidnappers and even those who are involved in banditry, are products of the same system we are talking about.” In his concluding remarks, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, described the number of out-of-school children as a big challenge facing Nigeria as a nation. He noted that “it constitutes not only social but security problems to the country as a whole. ” “We all know that the out-of-school children are at the moment a big problem to us as a country. “They constitute not only social problems but also security problems to some extent. “Therefore, it is our responsibility to do whatever we can to ensure that they are enrolled in primary and secondary schools.” The Senate also urged the Federal Government to mandate its Committee on Basic and Secondary Education to come up with ways and means of collaborating with state governments on how to enrol the fourteen million children out of school. Similarly, it also charged the National Orientation Agency to initiate a sensitisation program specifically on the issue of the Almajiri and its negative impacts on children in the society, especially in the northern part of Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS