There is a fire outbreak in Agboju, close to FESTAC, Amuwo Odofin Local Government, Lagos State in the mid hours of Sunday. This fire outbreak is coming just after an incident has been reported in a close area about a week ago. The cause of the fire could not be ascertained as of the time of filing this report. Here is the video of the fire incident as posted by a Tweep on Twitter: – Just In: Another Fire outbreak in Agboju, close to Festac, Lagos. pic.twitter.com/eDQjHuwUog — Postsubman (@Postsubman) March 22, 2020  Details Later… Covid-19: Lagos Govt To Shut Down Schools From Monday Lagos State government said it is closing down all public and private schools in the state from Monday, 23rd March 2020 as part of the preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The State Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folashade Adefisayo, disclosed this in a statement made available to… Read full story  Man With Coronavirus Stayed In Ibadan For Two Weeks Undetected ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government announced Wednesday evening that a man who tested positive for coronavirus stayed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital for two weeks before moving to Ekiti State where his status was confirmed. The disclosure created apprehension across Ibadan and Ekiti state where the extensive trace of… Read story  Husband Cheats On Wife, Catches Coronavirus From Lover A cheating husband who caught coronavirus on a secret break to Italy with his mistress is now in isolation in the UK with his wife who has no idea how he caught it. The woman has no idea how her partner caught Covid-19 but the man confessed to medical coordinators in the north of England… Read full story  US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!