Following the commencement of the 2020 batch, ‘A’ stream 1 orientation course for corps members, the National Youth Service Corps(NYSC) has disclosed that it has received technical support from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control(NCDC) and the Federal Ministry of health to prevent the outbreak of Coronavirus. The NYSC coordinator in Ekiti State, Mrs Emmanuella Okpongete who disclosed this while speaking during the swearing-in ceremony at the permanent orientation camp in Ise-Orun/Emure Ekiti said hand sanitizers, infrared thermometers and other necessary materials had been provided across camps in the country. While assuring the 1, 981 corps members of the scheme’s readiness to be alive to its responsibility of catering for their welfare, Okpongete advised them to make use all materials provided in the camp aimed at preventing the deadly disease. She said, ” Accordingly, the scheme has been in constant touch with Nigeria Centre for Disease Control as well as the Federal Ministry of Health for technical support to the scheme. It is gratifying to note the use of infrared thermometers as well as hand sanitizers, wash hand containers and soaps provided for all the 37 NYSC orientation camp as strategies used to prevent any threat. ALSO READ: Jos Inland Dry Port concessionaire pulls out of project “Similarly, the Ekiti State Government, through the state Ministry of Health as part of its effort to prevent the spread of the disease, brought to the camp some hand sanitizers and sensitization leaflets on Coronavirus shared to all in the ongoing course. These are aimed at getting requisite information’s on the virus to the camp community.” The coordinator urged the new corps members to embrace the skills acquisition training that would be provided during the three weeks orientation course, ” in order to build a better Nigeria and be self-reliant.” In his address, Governor Kayode Fayemi urged the corps members to see their one-year mandatory national service as an opportunity to serve Nigeria and contribute to the development of the country. The governor, who was represented by the Commissioner for Youth and Sports Development, Mr Michael Awopetu encouraged the corps members to join hands with his administration in achieving his policies and programmes to the people of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!