The Kaduna State Judiciary, on Monday, says only 10 persons would be allowed in courtrooms in any ongoing session in both high and magistrate courts across the state. The state Chief Judge, Justice Muhammadu Lawal-Bello, in a statement issued by the Chief Registrar of Kaduna High Court, Amina Ahmad-Bello said the step was to contain and prevent the spread of coronavirus (Covid-19). Lawal-Bello also said that there would be restriction of entry into the high and magistrate courts premises in the state. “The decision was to complement the measures taken by the state government to protect its residents from and slowing down the spread of the coronavirus disease. “The state government had restricted religious services, social events and large gatherings. ALSO READ: Father meets daughter raped to death while away with pregnant wife in hospital “To safeguard the health of court personnel and users, the Kaduna judiciary also had to come up with decisions in respect of court sittings at high and magistrate courts all over the state.” The chief judge also said that those who have important things like filing of cases and others to do in the courts’ premises would have to be on a single line. “To save those who have come to file urgent matters or applications in court, they must be in a single line procession with at least one-meter gap between each individual. “In all cases, only parties and their counsels and witnesses whose cases are to be heard would be allowed into the courtroom at any sitting time with a maximum of ten persons at the same time. “Persons must keep a distance of at least one meter to each other, as recommended by the World Health Organisation and must be practised in our courtrooms. “In criminal matters, only remand, bail applications and overnight cases would be heard while in civil matters only ex-parte and urgent applications would be entertained,” Lawal-Bello said. He said that the adoption of written addresses; judgments and rulings would also be read, adding that the precautionary measures would take effect from Mach 23.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE NAN SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!