The governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Tuesday said his administration would not relent on its ongoing war against all forms of gender violence especially women and the girl-child. Fayemi spoke in Ado-Ekiti while declaring open the 4th Ekiti Gender Summit, held in Ado-Ekiti, and organised by the office of the governor’s wife, Mrs Bisi Fayemi. He declared that his administration had put up a necessary enabling legal framework that criminalised any issue bordering on gender inequality in the state. Fayemi reinstated the commitment of his administration to gender equality as well as the promotion of the rights of the womenfolk and other vulnerable persons in the state. The governor said the era when women were being maltreated and their voices subjugated, was over adding that all the laws geared towards protecting their rights were now being implemented by the government. “My administration has been recognised as a state that has the highest number of women political office holders in the country. “Our government is serious and thorough about the implementation, and no mercy for whoever rapes, abuses, or molests any woman or girl-child in Ekiti. The laws are there to take care of them. “I assure the people that my administration will continue to implement gender balancing and equality in the policy of the government. “All the laws put in place to achieve this will be thoroughly implemented,” he said. Speaking on the theme of the summit: ‘Gender Equality and Women’s Empowerment Post Beijing: Political will and Impact’, the governor applauded the stakeholders that contributed to the success of the summit. Also speaking, the Governor’s wife, Mrs Bisi Fayemi, said the programme, which was the fourth edition in the series, was an initiative of her husband during his first term in office. Lagos’ll partner private sector to improve education ―… Prince William in Ireland on first senior UK royal visit… Coronavirus: Provide more standard isolation centres, Senate… Gombe flags off distribution of school uniforms, writing… ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu seeks cooperation of stakeholders to curb spread of Coronavirus She said this year’s programme, coming at a time like this, coincided with the anniversary of the famous UN Beijing conference for women. She, however, reiterated the readiness of her husband to the implementation of the gender-based violence prohibition law, equal opportunities law, child right law and other safety policies that protected the rights of the womenfolk. Similarly, the first lady of Ondo State, Mrs Betty Akeredolu said sustainable development could not be achieved where the voices of women were being subjugated and their rights being eroded or trampled upon. “Mortality rate is still high among women in spite of concerted efforts. We must empower women and enact laws that can protect their lives. “This summit will help us to evaluate the progress so far and how to plan for the future,” she added. Also speaking, the wife of the Governor of Osun State, Mrs Kafayat Oyetola, said the strong legal framework was required to protect the women against molestations and discrimination based on gender. “Many women are still trapped in violent relationships, sexual harassment, rape, genital mutilation, wicked cultural practices and torture. Women empowerment is a task we must achieve to build our nation”, she stated. Delivering a lecture on the summit’s theme, Prof Olabisi Aina, said every gender must be given the right to education to serve as a leveller between the rich and the poor. “The gender equality war is not against men, but lives must be made better for women. “Every man is born equal. Issue of poverty affects women adversely. It is a known fact that SDGs can’t be achieved without addressing the issue of gender misbalance.” (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN