Several vehicles were on Tuesday impounded in Ekiti State as security agents enforced the lockdown order by the state government to prevent the spread of coronavirus. They were impounded by combined forces of security agencies who patrolled around Ado Ekiti metropolis and other towns to enforce the order. Governor Kayode Fayemi had on Sunday announced that the state will be totally locked down with full restriction of human and vehicular movements commencing from Tuesday, as part of the strategic efforts to prevent the disease from festering in the state. The order was enforced by soldiers, operatives of the Department of State Services, police, men of the Ekiti State Peace Corps, Ekiti State Traffic Management Agency, Federal Road Safety Corps and Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps. Tribune Online observed that the operatives paraded the major streets and arrested the defiant motorists and commercial motorcyclists with their vehicles and motorbikes impounded for violating the order. The security personnel mounted barricades at all the entry points and highways while their men took over major junctions like Ijigbo, Okeyinmi, Fajuyi and Odo Ado to control in and outflow of humans and vehicles. Also, no vehicle was allowed to leave the state capital to other parts of the state, making it difficult for most newspaper delivery vehicles to access the majority of the local government areas in the state. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Another case tests positive for coronavirus in Bauchi Only a few sellers of essential goods and commodities exempted by the government from total shutdown order were allowed to ply their trades at the popular Oja Oba Market, Irona, Odo Ado and the Mojere markets within the metropolis, which made the markets look scanty. The popular lock-up shops at Basiri, Ajilosun and other strategic areas, where sellers of building materials and spare parts were concentrated were under lock and key. Though banks and medicine stores were allowed to operate, they only attended to few customers due to the fact that the order got substantial compliance from residents. As at 4 pm, the security agencies were still going about in patrol vans around the capital city while arresting those who contravened the sit-at-home directive. While speaking, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti Command, Mr Sunday Abutu, said those arrested for violating the order will be prosecuted accordingly. He said the punishment will be based on the severity of the offence committed. Abutu commended the security agencies for being civil and professional in the way they handled the enforcement. “The punishment that will be meted out to offenders depends on the level of offence committed. Those who committed lesser offences can be cautioned and warned to desist while those who cannot be pardoned will face prosecution. “The government had made it clear that fines and imprisonment are the two options that will be applied and our own is to arrest and charge accordingly while the government will do the prosecution. “So, whoever flouts the order and was arrested should be ready to face the music,” he said.