The Enugu State Government has approved assurance policy for medical doctors and other health workers in the state government to boost their morale in the war against the spread of coronavirus in the state. All medical doctors in the Enugu State University of Science and Technology (ESUT) Teaching Hospital, Parklane, Enugu as well as firefighters, the staff of Enugu State Emergency Management Agency (ESWAMA), and all those involved in other essential services are expected to benefit from the Group Life/Group Personal Accident Assurance Policy. The assurance policy included the immediate provision of Group Life/Group Personal Accident Assurance Policy. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Ekiti index case in stable condition ― Commissioner In a statement by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG) Professor Simon Ortuanya on Thursday, further stated that Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi is hopeful the goodwill would inspire higher commitment and productivity amongst the beneficiaries. In a related development, the governor has directed the President-Generals of all town unions in the state to mobilize volunteers and town criers in their respective autonomous communities to enlighten residents of their communities on the need to adhere to the protocol for prevention of COVID-19 transmission with effect from Thursday, March 26, 2020. The President-Generals (PGs) were further directed to interface with the Enugu State Multi-sectoral Rapid Response Team, through the Permanent Secretary, State Ministry of Health, for collection of Information, Education and Communication (IEC) materials on coronavirus, for use by the volunteers and town criers. According to Professor Ortuanya, the state government has also made provisions for logistic support to the Presidents General for the various town criers for this assignment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  Health workers who attended to Ogun coronavirus case asked to go on isolation Health workers who attended to the second case of coronavirus in Ogun State have been asked to go… Read full story  FG Slashes Oil Benchmark To $30 To Save Economy • Lists incentives to health, private sector to retain workers Minister of finance, Zainab Ahmed has said the Federal Government was considering a new benchmark…  Read full story  COVID-19: Oyo shuts down civil service for two weeks The Oyo State government has said it will shut down its civil service effective…  Read full story  COVID-19: NLC Calls For Total Lockdown Of The Country The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Wednesday, called for a broad, total and national lockdown of… *Read full story:* https://tribuneonlineng.com/covid-19-nlc-calls-for-total-lockdown-of-the-country/  Two Men Arrested With 679 Bottles Of Codeine Syrups, 2,000 Sachets Of Tramadol Worth N2.3 Million Two men were among other suspected criminals arrested by the Katsina State Police Command for being…  Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!