A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has granted post-conviction bail to a former Abia State Commissioner for Finance Udeh Udeogu, who was convicted of N7.65 billion fraud alongside a former governor, Dr Orji Uzor Kalu. Justice Mohammad Idris had sentenced Udeogu to 56 years imprisonment while Kalu bagged 133 years imprisonment last year, December 5. But on Thursday, Justice Mohammed Liman granted bail to Udeogwu in the sum of N50 million on the grounds of ill health and chronic tuberculosis. The judge noted that tuberculosis was a dangerous disease which could easily affect the other inmates of the correctional facility. Justice Liman observed in his ruling that Udeogu’s application has disclosed reasonable cause of action that the defendant’s health has greatly deteriorated which cannot be salvaged by the doctor in the correctional services centre. “Accordingly, this application is meritorious and succeeds. “Bail is hereby granted to the applicant in the following terms: Applicant is granted N50 million bail with two sureties in like sum. “One of the sureties must be a landed property owner within the jurisdiction.” The judge also ordered that the bailiff of the court verify the authenticity of the title documents.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  Health workers who attended to Ogun coronavirus case asked to go on isolation Health workers who attended to the second case of coronavirus in Ogun State have been asked to go… Read full story  FG Slashes Oil Benchmark To $30 To Save Economy • Lists incentives to health, private sector to retain workers Minister of finance, Zainab Ahmed has said the Federal Government was considering a new benchmark…  Read full story  COVID-19: Oyo shuts down civil service for two weeks The Oyo State government has said it will shut down its civil service effective…  Read full story  COVID-19: NLC Calls For Total Lockdown Of The Country The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Wednesday, called for a broad, total and national lockdown of… *Read full story:* https://tribuneonlineng.com/covid-19-nlc-calls-for-total-lockdown-of-the-country/  Two Men Arrested With 679 Bottles Of Codeine Syrups, 2,000 Sachets Of Tramadol Worth N2.3 Million Two men were among other suspected criminals arrested by the Katsina State Police Command for being…  Read full story   VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  FG Alerts Nigerians On Existence Of Coronavirus Ransomware The Federal Government has alerted Nigerians to the existence of an Android-based malicious and fraudulent Coronavirus Ransomware Application, which claims to provide updates on the virus and infections near the user. In a statement issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji… Read full story  COVID-19: Osun Senator Goes Into Self-Isolation After Returning From Trip To UK As the global community battle to contain the spread of covid-19, the lawmaker, representing Osun Central Senatorial District in National Assembly, Senator Ajibola Basiru had gone into self-isolation after a trip to the United Kingdom. Basiru in his tweet handle was reacting to the letter forwarded to the leadership of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!