I have taken my time to go through the 1999 Constitution which I never had time to since my media law and ethics class during my undergraduate days. I always had the perception that the constitution in its entirety was written and designed to favor the owners of the means of production. Surprisingly, when I was glancing through the pages of this ‘supreme’ law of the land, I was left agape with some of its provisions that slowly discredited my previously held idealistic perception. I realized that those who penned this constitution really had the masses in mind, only with few biases and privileges to the benefit of the elite. However, I would love to focus my arguments on Chapter II of the constitution which talks about the “fundamental objectives and directive principles of state policy,” as it succinctly pointed out the fundamental obligations of the government, as well as the duties of the citizen to the country. It is the chapter, which tersely outlined the significance of the sacred obligations of government to its citizens, and the role mass media can play in ensuring these constitutional mandates are fully provided. Painfully, the masses who are meant to enjoy these privileges have suffered and are still suffering as a result of the maladministration of our leaders. The first and the most important thing the chapter outlined is the issue of security and welfare of the people as the primary purpose of any elected government. With the incessant killings, kidnap, banditry and terrorism in the country, there is nothing to take home regarding this clause. It is disheartening to note that Nigeria has become a slaughter slab for terrorist groups such as Boko Haram and ISWAP, who maim and kill with reckless abandon, while the government engages in a propagandistic mission to cover up its ineptitudes. Reading versus literacy Upgrade standards of locally produced products —NUFBTE tasks… Climate change and disturbing fire outbreaks Unstable electricity, bane of employment and small… It is an irrefutable fact that government officials have hijacked the privileges of free mobility, quality education, better security, good welfare, lucrative resources, empowerment opportunities, and juicy leadership positions for their children, wives and concubines. How then would government expect the citizens to carry out their core responsibilities as explicitly enshrined in section 24(a) which states that “it shall be the duty of the citizen to abide by this constitution, respect its ideals and its institutions the National Flag, the National Pledge and legitimate authorities”? Instead of habitually reviewing the constitution after successive general elections, it is important that our leaders fully abide by its provisions. They should not turn the amendment process into a conduit for draining huge financial resources. There is need for equitable distribution of the nation’s common patrimony, among the various class of citizens. Doing so will help decrease the rate of internet scam, cultism, banditry, insurgency and kidnapping, among other vices holding the country to ransom. But the fact is our youths would only eschew acts with potential to compromise national interest and security when they are also offered viable opportunities, and rewarding privileges, which have remained the exclusive preserves of the ruling political class for years. Well this time around, the nays have it. Abuja. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN