Amidst the coronavirus pandemic and its attendant effect on the economy, negative sentiments were reflected on the local equities market as investors lose N2.56 trillion in the month of March. Tribune Online reports that the market capitalisation closed the month with N11.11 trillion as against N13.66 trillion it recorded at the first trading of the month on March 2, 2020. Similarly the All Share Index (ASI) of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) closed at 21,300.47 basis points for the month under review, having lost 4,918.99. Following the negative sentiment, equities trading sustained previous day stance as it closed on a negative note on Tuesday, as NSE ASI depreciated by -0.14 per cent to close at 21,300.47 points as against -2.43 per cent depreciation recorded on Monday, thus leaving the Year-to-Date (YTD) returns currently standing at -20.65 per cent. Market breadth closed negative as Glaxo Smithkline led nine gainers as against 11 losers topped by Jaiz Bank the end of the trading session, an unimproved performance when compared with the previous outlook. Market turnover also closed negative as volume moved down by -9.62 per cent as against 85.71 per cent uptick recorded in the previous session. Sterling Bank, Zenith Bank and Guaranty Trust Bank were the most active to boost market turnover, while Zenith Bank and Sterling Bank topped market value list. Sterling Bank led the list of active stocks that recorded an impressive volume spike at the end of Tuesday session as investors traded 303,455,868 of the bank’s shares worth N348.8 million. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Appoints Osinbajo As Chairman, Economic Sustainability Committee President Muhammadu Buhari has set up an Economic Sustainability Committee with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as chairman. He has also okayed financial services providers to operate during the restriction on movements and activities that he imposed on Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States to curtail the spread of coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Governor Makinde Tests Positive, Explains How He Got Infected •Says I remain in self-isolation •Oyo State releases index case after treatment Oyo State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde on Monday confirmed he has tested positive to the rampaging coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19. The governor who tweeted via his personal handle @seyiamakinde on Monday, said that he was asymptomatic and would remain in isolation... Read full story Buhari Signs COVID-19 Regulation, 2020 President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday signed the COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, which declared COVID-19 an infectious disease. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja explained that this is in the exercise of the powers conferred on the president by… Read full story TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: Yet Another Loss From Boko Haram Ambush LAST week, the military high command confirmed the attack on troops by Boko Haram terrorists which led to the death of 47 soldiers in Gorgi, Yobe State. Blaming the massacre on residents of the area, the Coordinator of the Directorate of Defence Media Operations (DDMO), Major-General John Enenche, stated that the slain… Read full article OPINION: Of Coronavirus, Fake News And Charity THE coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, that started in Wuhan, China, late last year has spread to many countries of the world. Coronavirus cases have crossed 330,000, while more than 14,000 deaths have been reported across the world as Europe becomes the new omphalos of coronavirus… Read full article