A socio-cultural group known as Ukomu Igala Organisation has said that the situation whereby thuggery, violence, kidnapping and other criminal vices have taken over Igala land is unacceptable. This was contained in a communique issued after the Council’s National Executive meeting held recently which was presided by the National leader, Comptroller (rtd) Abdul Amade. The group lamented the depth of moral decadence in the land which has made it unsafe for any meaningful development to take place. The group, therefore, called for all hands to be on deck to check the ugly trend and also added that Ukomu Igala Organisation is prepared to partner with other socio-cultural groups to give the necessary leadership and support. ALSO READ: Police arrest 34 suspected cultists in Abuja The group also resolved to constitute a three-man committee to fashion out modalities for the setting up of vocational training centers for Igala children willing to learn skills for Entrepreneurship, Advocacy for education in Igala land/education scholarship fund for indigent students, aggressive mass sensitization and enlightenment of the people on the need for peace in Igala and the synergy with other socio-cultural groups for the overall interest of Igala kingdom. The committee members are also saddled with the task of finding ways to resolve the deplorable condition of transportation in Igala land by encouraging well-meaning Igala sons and daughters to invest in the sector. The council while commending the federal government for awarding the contract for the rehabilitation of the Itobe bridge pleaded that the Ajaokuta/Itobe road should equally be given urgent attention. On the endemic coronavirus, the council decided to embark on enlightenment and sensitization campaign to educate the people on the need to maintain a healthy living and clean environment and to abide by all the rules by federal ministry of health in respect of the virus. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!