As new officials of the Arewa Consultative Forum, (ACF) take over the affairs of the Northern socio-cultural organisation, Gombe State Government has identified with its illustrious son and former Minister of State for Power, Malam Murtala Aliyu who is taking charge as Secretary-General of the forum. Gombe state Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya in a congratulatory message, described the emergence of Malam Murtala Aliyu as ACF Secretary-General as a timely and well deserved one, considering his vast knowledge and outstanding pedigree in both private and public service. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Worshippers desert Egbeda, Shasha mosques He said that although the new ACF leadership is coming at a trying period when the Northern region is bedevilled with so many challenges, including insurgency, banditry, youths unemployment among other socio-economic issues, but with people like Malam Murtala Aliyu in the Audu Ogbe- led team, the forum now has all it takes to deliver on its mandate. Inuwa Yahaya who noted that the position of the Secretary-General is an important one that carries with it some degree of authority and influence, enjoined the new ACF scribe to bring to bear his wealth of experience and vast network to restore the glory and dignity of the forum and the northern region in general. The Governor declared the support and solidarity of the government and people of Gombe state to the new ACF leadership, praying Almighty Allah to guide them in carrying out the onerous task as contained in a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, Senior Special Assistant Media and Publicity to the Governor. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE US Announces Approval Of Chloroquine For Treatment Of Coronavirus The US has approved the anti-malarial drug chloroquine for use as a treatment against the new coronavirus, President Donald Trump said Thursday.  “We’re going to be able to make that drug available almost immediately, and that’s where the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) has been so great,”… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!