Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has announced the commencement of screening of passengers coming into the state across the 16 local government areas as part of measures to prevent the outbreak of CONVID-19 popularly known as coronavirus in the state. Fayemi who disclosed this while speaking with newsmen in Ado-Ekiti on Monday following the outbreak in Lagos State added that a 40-man Ekiti State task force team has been constituted to prepare the state in the event of an outbreak. Members of the task force, which will be chaired by Fayemi, include medical experts, government officials, religious leaders, traditional rulers, NURTW members and other stakeholders in the society. While urging residents to maintain healthy and hygienic life in their daily activities, he assured that the government would leave no stone unturned in dealing with the virus and minimise its impact in the state. According to him, the screening of passengers will be conducted at different motor parks with collaboration from the leadership of the drivers union. “We conducted a vulnerability map of all land borders and major motor parks leading into Ekiti State and measures will be put in place to screen inward-bound passengers from heavy inflow areas first at the motor parks of departure and at border towns. We will work with the NURTW to maintain passenger manifests for fast traceability if the need arises. This step has assisted us greatly in our current fight against the Lassa Virus. Linguistics graduate turned food vendor wins Princewill… Coronavirus: Place order for masks, sanitizers for free… Osinbajo, Gowon, Fayemi harp on dedication, service to… Senate President tasks religious leaders to intensify prayer… ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Place order for masks, sanitizers for free distribution to Lagosians, PDP tells Sanwo-Olu “As a responsible and responsive government, we are conscious of our obligation to educate our people on the symptoms of coronavirus, what to do when detected, how to live a healthy and hygienic life to prevent contact with the virus and to allay the fear of the people by providing correct, accurate and timely information to avoid panic since there is no reason for one. “In Ekiti State, activation of our facilities and infrastructure to manage the infection are in top gear. This requires the active engagement of every stakeholder and resident of our dear state. “To this end, I have set up a 40- person Ekiti State Task Force on Covid-19 under my direct leadership with representatives from all relevant sectors of the state including medical experts, state government officials, the legislature, local government chairmen, religious leaders, traditional leaders, sector leaders like the NURTW, market associations, civil society organisations and development partners. “We will leave no stone unturned to ensure that Ekiti people are prepared to beat the virus and minimise its impact on our economy.” As part of the government’s proactive measures, Fayemi revealed that a 24-hour emergency operation centre which will coordinate any threat had been set up. The governor added that in accordance with the directive of the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the state has prepared a designated centre for quarantine of patients for eventual outbreak in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN