The Enugu State Government, on Sunday, debunked rumours of a case of coronavirus in Nsukka axis of the state, saying it is an imagination of peddlers. In a statement by the Permanent Secretary of the State Ministry of Health, Dr Ifeanyi Afujiobi, he noted that the rumour making the rounds was “false’’ and “fake news’’ propelled by mischief-makers. His words: “The Enugu State Ministry of Health wishes to dispel the rumours making the rounds that there is a case of coronavirus in Nsukka. ALSO READ: Homefort Energy wins RCCG’s $5,000 hackathon prize “This is false, misleading and fake; as there is no testing centre in the whole of Enugu State. “The general public is informed that as of today, March 22, there is no case of coronavirus in Enugu State,’’ he said. “Even as everyone is encouraged to restrict movement, cancel all unimportant gathering and to observe personal health hygiene,’’ he added. The Permanent Secretary further urged residents of the state to strictly observe personal health hygiene. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  APC Crisis: Oshiomhole And The Tortuous Road To Edo, Ondo Governorship Race The plot to oust the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, has turned out to be an anticlimax. Meetings of the strategic organs of the party, the national caucus and the National Executive Committee (NEC), were shelved following the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story  Coalition: Makinde, Lanlehin, Alli, Ayorinde In 4-Hr Reconciliation Meeting TOWARDS straightening out wrinkles in the coalition that birthed the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) government of Governor.  Seyi Makinde in Oyo State, leaders of the coalition met behind closed-door in Ibadan, the state capital, on Friday night… Read full story  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!