Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu Gambari, in conjunction with the Council of Ulamah in Ilorin, Kwara State has advised Muslims in the state to observe their five times daily prayers from their respective homes until further notice. The piece of advice from the council, which is the highest decision-making body on Islamic affairs in the emirate, is in relation to the deadly coronavirus pandemic ravaging nations of the world. Speaking during a meeting with members of the council in Ilorin, on Monday, the Emir who is the head of the council of Ulamah, also suspended all Jumat (Friday) congregations till further notice. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Osun House of Assembly suspends plenary for 16 days The statement reads “Just in, Maimartaba Sarkin, Ilorin and Council of Ulamah has advised all Muslim Ummah in the state to be observing their Prayers in their respective houses in line with the federal and state governments’ directives that everyone should stay at home pending the time the country will overcome this deadly disease coronavirus. “In view of this, the council has suspended all Jumat congregations till further notice. “May Allah protect each and every one of us against this deadly virus. Amin,” the statement read. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!