Governors of the North-West have resolved to jointly fund security operations aimed at addressing the challenge facing the zone. They have also resolved to close down schools in the region for 30 days following fears caused by the pandemic coronavirus in Nigeria. This was contained in a communiqué signed by the chairman of the North-West Governors Forum, Alhaji Aminu Masari (Governor of Katsina) and North Central Governors Forum, Sani Bello (Governor of Niger State) in Kaduna on Wednesday. The statement noted that the seven states in the zone including Niger and Kwara states from the North-Central have agreed to jointly fund security operations as part of measures to tackle the scourge of banditry, rustling and kidnapping. The governors also agreed to jointly take measures to protect citizens from the likely impact of Covid-19 in the zone. The governors resolved to consult with the national examination bodies before closing schools for 30 days starting from Monday, March 23, 2020. It also resolved to carry out sensitisation campaigns to discourage large gatherings until further notice. On public health awareness campaigns, the governors agreed that states will continue to wage aggressive campaigns to encourage citizens to uphold personal hygiene, including handwashing and environmental sanitation. ALSO READ: (UPDATE) Coronavirus: FG imposes travel restrictions on 13 countries Present at the meeting were Governors Aminu Bello Masari (Katsina), Atiku Bagudu (Kebbi), Abubakar Badaru (Jigawa), Nasir El-Rufai (Kaduna) Aminu Tambuwal (Sokoto), Bello Matawalle (Zamfara) and Abubakar Sani Bello (Niger). Deputy Governor Nasiru Gawuna represented Kano State. The governor of Kwara State joined the meeting by telephone. Earlier, the governors received briefings from heads of security agencies, at the meeting which had in attendance Major-General A. Agundu (Commander, Operation Safe Haven), Major-General F.I. Yahaya, GOC 1 Division; AVM, M.I. Mukhtar (AOC Air Training Command); Rear Admiral T. Pani (Commandant, Nigerian Navy School of Armaments) and other senior military officers. Commissioners of police and state directors of the DSS from the concerned states also attended the meeting.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!