 Following the confirmation, Sun-Basorun, who had hitherto been operating in an acting capacity, will now lead the growth and expansion drive of the brand. He replaces Mrs Sola-Sun Basorun, erstwhile CEO and founder, who assumes the position of Chairman of the company. Ade Sun-Basorun is a seasoned executive with experience leading business transformation at FoodCo, McKinsey & Company and General Electric (GE) in Nigeria, South Africa, Kenya and the US. He joined FoodCoin 2017as an Executive Director and successfully repositioned the business from a supermarket-chain operation to a diversified consumer goods company with interests in retail, quick service restaurants, manufacturing and entertainment. Growing from five outlets, FoodCo is now the largest supermarket chain in South-West Nigeria, outside Lagos, and employs more than 500 staff. The company was named the 2019 Multigenerational Business Leader of the Year at the inaugural edition of the Nigerian Business Leaders’ Awards organized by BusinessDay Media Ltd. Sunfresh Bread, from the stables of FoodCo Manufacturing, was also recently recognized as Africa’s Best Premium Quality Bread by the African Brand Congress (ABC). US Researchers Begin First Coronavirus Vaccine Test US researchers gave the first shot to the first person in a test of an experimental coronavirus vaccine Monday — leading off a worldwide hunt for protection even as the pandemic surges. With a careful jab in a healthy volunteer’s arm, scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Washington Research Institute in… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!