To strengthen national response to COVID-19 in Nigeria, industrialist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has announced a donation of N1 billion in cash through the BUA Foundation, and has also placed an order for an additional donation of equipment and medical supplies including testing kits and medical protective gear to nine states in Nigeria. These medical supplies are being air-freighted and will arrive in Nigeria as soon as possible. States to benefit include Lagos, Kano, Adamawa, Edo, Kwara, Rivers, Abia, Akwa Ibom and Sokoto. Speaking on the donation, Abdul Samad Rabiu, chairman of BUA Group, said that it was very important for the private sector to support the government’s effort to curb the spread of the coronavirus pandemic, adding that the N1 billion donation will be done through the Central Bank of Nigeria led “Private Sector Coalition Committee against COVID-19.” He added that “This donation will not only provide additional needed funds to the government and NCDC’s efforts but will also serve to protect healthcare and medical workers on the frontlines of fighting the pandemic. “In addition to donating the ordered medical supplies and equipment to the two most populated states in Northern and Southern Nigeria, we have also selected seven states across all geopolitical regions in Nigeria where significant members of the BUA workforce and their families are situated to help preparedness and response to the challenges posed by the pandemic. “Each of these nine states will receive about 100,000 protective facemasks, 1,000 high-grade medical protection and isolation gear, 2,000 protective goggles, 1,000 gloves  and 1,000 testing kits amongst other things.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  Health workers who attended to Ogun coronavirus case asked to go on isolation Health workers who attended to the second case of coronavirus in Ogun State have been asked to go… Read full story  FG Slashes Oil Benchmark To $30 To Save Economy • Lists incentives to health, private sector to retain workers Minister of finance, Zainab Ahmed has said the Federal Government was considering a new benchmark…  Read full story  COVID-19: Oyo shuts down civil service for two weeks The Oyo State government has said it will shut down its civil service effective…  Read full story  COVID-19: NLC Calls For Total Lockdown Of The Country The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Wednesday, called for a broad, total and national lockdown of… *Read full story:* https://tribuneonlineng.com/covid-19-nlc-calls-for-total-lockdown-of-the-country/  Two Men Arrested With 679 Bottles Of Codeine Syrups, 2,000 Sachets Of Tramadol Worth N2.3 Million Two men were among other suspected criminals arrested by the Katsina State Police Command for being…  Read full story   VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  FG Alerts Nigerians On Existence Of Coronavirus Ransomware The Federal Government has alerted Nigerians to the existence of an Android-based malicious and fraudulent Coronavirus Ransomware Application, which claims to provide updates on the virus and infections near the user. In a statement issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji… Read full story  COVID-19: Osun Senator Goes Into Self-Isolation After Returning From Trip To UK As the global community battle to contain the spread of covid-19, the lawmaker, representing Osun Central Senatorial District in National Assembly, Senator Ajibola Basiru had gone into self-isolation after a trip to the United Kingdom. Basiru in his tweet handle was reacting to the letter forwarded to the leadership of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!