Technology experts from different sectors have urged youths across the country to leverage on the immense opportunities available within the technology space and that they should be more value-driven, as a way to becoming change makers in the society. This was the center-piece at the one-day Tech Meet-Up which took place on Saturday 29th, 2020 at Yaba, Lagos State. Delivering a keynote speech at the event organized by AOI Foundation, Mr. Usman Abiola, a Product Design Manager urged the youths to equip and add values to themselves with required skills, maintaining that the world is evolving with technology, which he argued one cannot successfully discharge without self-development. “As youths, you must have interest in learning about technology. You have to develop yourself” He disclosed that the best an organization needs now is a “Problem Solver” who according to him must be versatile and can be what he called “Game Changer”. This he also maintained, requires some relevant skills such as technological skills, versatility, ability to solve problems, self-development, among others, calling on the youths to make adequate use of such great opportunities. Dissecting the theme of the event: “Thriving in Industry 4.0,” the speaker described the positive change as a technological movement of transformation, adding that the first step to becoming a technocrat is having a vision and bringing them into reality. Usman said the condition of developed and undeveloped nations in the world is primarily a resultant effect of technology of each country, charging the youths to take up the challenge and take their destinies into their hands, by acquiring the relevant skills, knowledge and training. However, he said technology is not just about interest, but all about ability to solve a problem having a unique selling point. Makinde’s wife tasks women on breast examination, medical… Oyo govt gives commercial vehicle operators 14-days… Restructuring: Obasanjo should stop beating drums of war ―… Saudi Arabia announces first case of coronavirus ALSO READ: Buhari speaks on coronavirus, warns against panic The Project Design Manager hinted that the mentality of many youths to keep searching for jobs will cause them to continue to be unemployed roaming the streets and cannot think critically to change the narrative. We need to build people that can add value to the society. Speaking at the event, Mr. Umar Aderibigbe whose focus of discussion was in the area of etiquettes and personal grooming especially as it relates to discipline, highlighted the importance of knowledge and personal development to create the right impression at important occasions. According to him, people’s perception of others is paramount,  so it would appear that being diligent is pivotal in any organization one finds himself. The meet up had in attendance students of tertiary institutions who aim to venture into the tech industry during and after school, graduates and young professionals(Tech Savvy). Convener and the Founder of AOI Foundation, Mr. Toyyib Shuaib Atata said the primary purpose of organizing a tech event like this is to reawakening the perception of Nigerian youths through promotion of ideas and innovations in different walks of life. He said globally, technology contribute largely to the development of the country and it poses a big threat if not attended to. “If we don’t pay attention to technology and incorporate it to our career or businesses, there’s no way we can grow.  That is why we have technologies for information that are built by individuals. While interviewing some of the participants, Abdul-Rahmon Yusuf, a web developer assured that what he learnt would not just end here but inculcate it in his dealings. Another participant identified as Fadheela Bakri, expressed her delight while charging youths to identify their interests and have additional knowledge to the existing one.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN