A total of 1, 627 Corps members comprising 798 males and 829 females were registered and mobilized in the state for the 2020 batch A service year. While speaking at the swearing-in ceremony of the Corps members on Thursday at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Wailo, Bauchi state government announced reconnection of the camp to the National grid of electricity power supply. Bauchi state Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed said that his administration upon assumption of office directed the immediate reconnection of the camp to the national grid in order to make life better for the Corps members and other officials while in camp. The Governor who was represented by Commissioner of Youths and Sports, Adamu Manu Soro, said that the project has been completed adding that light has now been restored to the place calling on those who will benefit from the new development to handle it with utmost care and concern. ALSO READ: APC crisis: Court begins trial over suit against Ajimobi as deputy national chairman He also reiterated that his government is committed to the enhancement of infrastructures in the camp and enjoined the scheme and corps members to reciprocate the gesture by contributing effectively to the implementation of programs and policies of the government. The Governor said that ” Let me again assure the managers of the scheme of our total commitment to the NYSC through the continuous moral and financial support, which I strongly believe that by doing so, the scheme will be gingered towards the realization of its noble objectives”. Speaking earlier, the state NYSC Coordinator, Namadi Abubakar explained that at the close of registration on Wednesday, a total of 1, 627 corps members comprising 798 males and 829 females were registered in the state. The Coordinator, therefore, urged the Corps members to participate in all camp activities which are all compulsory and obey the rules warning that indiscipline will not be tolerated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!