Officers of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Ogun State Command, have been alleged of killing a 15-year-old girl, Miss Sekinat Agbelade while chasing a smuggled car in Agosasa community of Ipokia Local Government Area of the state. The victim was said to have been hit by a stray bullet, while on an errand within the area of the incident, on Saturday. She was reported to have died at a private hospital within the community. An eyewitness who identified himself as Kazeem, said the NCS officers were after a rice smuggler, who drove a purple colour Toyota Camry. He explained that the incident happened at about 1 p.m while two other persons identified as Oluwole Oladosu and Saliu Babalola, were also injured by stray bullets. Everything happened at about 1 pm on Saturday and aside Sekinat who died, two other people, 55-year-old Oluwole Oladosu and Saliu Babalola, were also injured by stray bullets. Kazeem said, “the incident happened in Agosasa area. The Customs were chasing a smuggler and the exact place is called Ita-Sango. “They were able to intercept the smuggler with his smuggled goods and series of things happened and they started shooting indiscriminately. The surprising thing is that they started shooting sporadically at the people even after intercepting the smuggler. “It was in the process that this lady, who was sent on an errand to buy nylon was hit by a bullet. Even with the bullet on her, she was making effort to run but she became weak. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Buhari orders lockdown of Lagos, Abuja, Ogun for 14 days “There is one 51-year-old Oluwole who saw the lady wriggling in pain because of the bullet wound and made an effort to rescue her. But these Customs officers, who had already moved the smuggled car, turned back and shot him for daring to save the young girl. “The lady was taken to Olutunu Hospital at Agosasa where Dr. Fatokun made frantic effort to salvage her life but she had lost a lot of blood because of the bullet wound and she died along the line.” When contacted the Public Relations Officer of the command, Abdulahi Maiwada, confirmed the incident. He said, “I can confirm the incident but I don’t have the facts. By the time I have the facts, I would make it available.” The State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, when contacted by Nigerian Tribune said he had not been informed about the incident. Oyeyemi, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, promised to revert as soon as he has been properly briefed.