Anambra State government has announced the closure of the popular Onitsha overhead bridge in line with the government efforts to curtail the spread of coronavirus in the state. The announcement was contained in a statement signed by the secretary to the state government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, made available to newsmen in Awka, on Sunday. The statement read: “This is to notify Ndi Anambra and motorists in the state, and those wishing to pass through Anambra State that the government of Delta State has announced the closure of all its land borders with effect from Sunday, 29th of March, 2020. “Motorists are advised not to travel through the Niger Bridge Head, Onitsha to avoid putting pressure on the bridge. Motorists will not be able to drive into Delta State as a result of the border closure order in place. “Motorists should also note that the government of Enugu State has announced the closure of its land borders with effect from Tuesday, March 31, 2020.” The statement continued, only vehicles transporting food items and medicines will be allowed passage. The state government, however, reiterated its earlier directive for people to stay at home and observe strictly the coronavirus advisory and directives earlier issued. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the closure of Onitsha Head bridge is with immediate effect to discourage vehicles queuing up on the bridge. The security agencies are equally directed to enforce the order without delay. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING BREAKING: UCH CMD Tests Positive For Coronavirus The Chief Medical doctor, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the CMD… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Immigration CG, Babandede, Tests Positive For Coronavirus • He is responding to treatment ― Immigration spokesperson The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Mr Muhammed Babandede, on Sunday confirmed he has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). He had gone into self-isolation after taken ill on his return from a trip to the United Kingdom, with a Deputy Comptroller General overseeing the administration of the service… Read full story Fear Of Coronavirus Hits EFCC The coronavirus pandemic has grounded the operations of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) to a halt. According to findings, the acting chairman of the Commission, Ibrahim Magu has ordered that some measures be put in place to ensure that the virus is contained in the commission’s facility across the country… Read full story COVID-19: Osun Announces Total Lockdown Of State As Oyetola Discloses Second Confirmed Case The Osun State Government has announced the total lockdown of the state, on Tuesday, following the confirmation of the second case of COVID-19. The Government reaffirmed the commitment to shut down all the land boundaries effective from midnight, Sunday, March 29, 2020… Read full story