Against the backdrop of the ravaging coronavirus pandemic, the Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Adeyeye Ogunwusi, on Thursday shut down all social and cultural activities in his palace. He also placed an embargo on the receiving of any visitor in his palace as parts of the precautionary measures to guard against the spread of coronavirus. In a statement signed by his director of media and public affairs, Comrade Moses Olafare, Oba Ogunwusi urged Nigerians to stay at home in compliance with all principles laid down by federal and state governments in a bid to curb the spread of the global coronavirus pandemic. He stated, “the only easiest solution to it is for everyone to stay at home, coronavirus is not a respecter of anybody and it does not honour anybody. This is the first time in a very long while that the whole world is having a common problem, we must tackle it together. “We must look beyond the current negativities attached and look at the lessons embedded in this challenging period of our lives. Coronavirus teaches high personal hygiene, let us be clean and embrace regular handwashing with clean water and soap. ALSO READ: N6b Fraud: Court convicts ex-NNPC sales assistant in Kaduna “It also teaches that Nigeria as a member of the global community should invest in something bigger and also respect nature because we need it to survive, nature does not need us. “While staying at home, let us maintain a high level of decency and avoid rumour peddling because panic kills faster than the virus itself. We now have several fake news flying across, let us act responsibly by not instilling fear in one another and it shall be well with us.” The statement reads, “Ooni has shutdown social and cultural activities at the palace with strict restrictions of movement in and out of the palace, saying only visitors with an essential mission will be allowed.” “Like we’ve been implored to restrict our movements only to core places in order to prevent the spread of this deadly virus, let us abide by these simple rules and principles for our own good, the government and its officials are not trying to usurp our freedom to move around as enshrined in the constitution but only working so hard to protect us.” “It is on this note and in the interest of all that His Majesty, the Ooni has directed all daily cultural and social activities at the palace be indefinitely shut down. Only those with essential services will be allowed into the Ooni’s palace they must observe the necessary precaution measures already provided at the entrance gate and within.” “It is equally important to call on our people who have just returned from any of the coronavirus infected countries to observe the self-isolation as recommended by experts and also visit the nearest accredited health facilities nationwide for prompt medical assistance in case of any suspicion or challenges. “As it stands, coronavirus has no publicly announced cure worldwide but we can help ourselves and others to prevent it by observing the measures mentioned above. By the grace of the Almighty Olodumare, it is well with Nigeria, it is well with the whole world”, the statement concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: FG To Release N10 Billion To Lagos, N1 Billion To Pharmaceutical Companies The Federal Government will release N10 billion to Lagos State to combat the COVID-19 outbreak… Read full story  COVID-19: FG Gets Tough, To Engage Military For Enforcement Of Restriction Of Citizens’ Movement The Federal Government is planning to use the military for the enforcement of the restriction of… Read full story  Soyinka In Isolation After US Trip, Says Nigerian Govt, Religious Leaders Treating Coronavirus With Kid Gloves Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has criticised the response of the Nigerian government to the coronavirus that has affected 46 people in the country… Read full story  UCH Doctors Go Into Isolation After Contacts With Suspected Coronavirus Cases The Chief Medical Director of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has disclosed that some doctors in the hospital have embarked on self-isolation after they had contacts with some people suspected of having coronavirus in the hospital… Read full story  Coronavirus: CBN Triggers Business Continuity Plans • Directs non-essential staff to stay away from work Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has asked its non-essential staff to work from home as from… Read full story  Health workers who attended to Ogun coronavirus case asked to go on isolation Health workers who attended to the second case of coronavirus in Ogun State have been asked to go… Read full story  FG Slashes Oil Benchmark To $30 To Save Economy • Lists incentives to health, private sector to retain workers Minister of finance, Zainab Ahmed has said the Federal Government was considering a new benchmark…  Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!