In its bid to reposition PAN Nigeria Limited for better performance, the Management of the company has announced a reshuffling of its management team. The Managing Director of the automobile company, Mr Ibrahim Tanko Mohammed, made this announcement at the company’s Executive Management Meeting/Retreat held in Kaduna recently. Mohammed explained that: “We have taken a long and careful look at the experiences and competencies of key officials who hold strategic positions in the company, and we have embarked on this reshuffling which is aimed at delivering a better overall performance of our company in 2020 and beyond. “This management redeployment exercise is part of our transformation strategies at PAN Nigeria.” ALSO READ: Sack, suspension of Lagos Assembly lawmakers by Obasa, exhibition of lawlessness ― Coalition Among the six management staff redeployed are Mr Salaudeen Abdulhafiz, who moves from Head of After-Sales Department to Head of Spare Parts, Mr Pakshar Yakubu, Head of Commercial, PAN Learning Centre, replaces Mr Abdulhafiz as the new Head of After-Sales. Mr Ojo Oladapo, the former Head of Production is now the Head of Quality Department, while Mr Christopher Osifeko who formerly headed the Quality Department is now the Head of Production. Mrs Dorothy Abdul, the erstwhile Head of Administration takes over as the Head of Procurement, while Mrs Maria Maikasa was redeployed from her position as Head of Procurement to Head of Methods and Study. While addressing the management executives, Mohammed noted that the shakeup will deepen and expand the knowledge base of the staff, thereby improving their efficiency. He charged them to proactively take strategic steps that will improve customer satisfaction and delivery at the auto company. In May 2019, Ibrahim Tanko Mohammed, a successful banker of over three decades, took over from as the CEO, with the mandate to reposition the company and revive its fortunes as the leading automobile assembly company in the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!