The authorities of Eko Hotels and Suites have shut down the larger portion of their operations in Nigeria, due to the raging coronavirus pandemic. In a statement at 11:45 PM on Saturday, their customers were told that “it is with great difficulty, but with the safety of You and our community in mind, that we have made the decision to temporarily close our Eko Suites Hotel, Eko Gardens Hotel, 88 Restaurant, Lagos Irish Pub, Sky Restaurant, My Thai Restaurant, Red Chinese Restaurant, Crossroads, the Spa, Gym, Pool, and Conference and Banquet facilities. However, part of Eko Signature and Eko Hotel, as well as Kuramo Sports Cafe, Calabash Bar, Lagoon Breeze, 1415 Seafood and Steakhouse are still operational. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Eight cases confirmed on Sunday, total now 30 in Nigeria “We urge you to take the necessary precautionary steps advised by the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) in staying safe, as we fight COVID-19 together,” the statement read. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  APC Crisis: Oshiomhole And The Tortuous Road To Edo, Ondo Governorship Race The plot to oust the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, has turned out to be an anticlimax. Meetings of the strategic organs of the party, the national caucus and the National Executive Committee (NEC), were shelved following the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story  Coalition: Makinde, Lanlehin, Alli, Ayorinde In 4-Hr Reconciliation Meeting TOWARDS straightening out wrinkles in the coalition that birthed the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) government of Governor.  Seyi Makinde in Oyo State, leaders of the coalition met behind closed-door in Ibadan, the state capital, on Friday night… Read full story  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!