Lagos State government has requested judiciary to discontinue 566 non-active cases from below year 2015 being prosecuted by the police as part of its ongoing process of decongesting the courts and the prison. The Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Mosoyosore Onigbanjo SAN, in a statement released to newsmen, said the request was as a result of the recommendation by the Committee on Decongestion of Non Criminal cases at the State High courts and Magistrate courts. Mr Onigbanjo noted that such prosecution of those cases at the courts has become non-viable due to delay or such matters are appropriate for Plea Bargain. The Attorney General had earlier inaugurated a committee on 21st of February to review the recommendation of the Arthur Worrey-led Advisory Committee on Police Prosecutorial Power in Magistrate Courts. The Worrey-led Committee in the communique, made available to Tribune Online, recommended that the state government should review the role of Police prosecutors in the criminal justice system of Lagos State. The development which led to the creation of District Prosecutors at the State Magistrate Court. ALSO READ: [UPDATE] COVID-19: 20 Osun judges in self-isolation as Oyetola, wife test negative According to the statement, the Attorney General having critically examined the committee’s first phase review and recommendations has instructed the Directorate of Public Prosecutions to immediately file a notice of discontinuance in respect of 566 non-active cases at the registry of the State High Court and Magistrate Court. He has further directed the immediate commencement of the second phase of the exercise. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  Lagos Markets To Shut Down On Friday Lagos markets, offices, showrooms, and warehouses operating under the umbrella of Market Leaders and Traders Association of Nigeria, Lagos Chapter, will shut down, on Friday, over the raging coronavirus epidemic. In a statement issued this morning and signed by Comrade Christopher Okpala and Comrade… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!