In a move to control the spread of the pandemic Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the Territory and ensure the welfare and health of its workers, the Judicial Service Committee (JSC) of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) has ordered all judicial officials in the Territory to present themselves along with members of their families for Coronavirus test. The staff were further directed to present their medical certificates on April 7 to their respective directors at the departmental level on behalf of the chief registrars and secretary for onward transmission to heads of courts. It, however, warned that any staff who refused to present themselves for the all-important test would be sanctioned. These form part of the decisions taken at an emergency meeting of the Committee on the control of the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic held on Monday. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Ogun govt to distribute “Not For Sale” hand sanitizers to residents The JSC directed that all courts in the FCT should be shut down temporarily for a period of two weeks with effect from today, subject to review depending on circumstances. While JSC directed that hand sanitisers be provided at the entrances of courts and offices for all court officials and litigants, it asked that security personnel within the courts and offices should be alerted to minimise gathering of people, especially those who have no business in the courts or offices. The meeting directed the JSC Secretary to liaise with NCDC for the purpose of having proper guidance for the disinfection of office premises and establishment of test centres within the jurisdiction of the courts. The COVID-19 was first confirmed in the FCT last Saturday when three positive cases were recorded. The confirmed cases in the country’s capital had risen to seven. One death has so far been recorded in the FCT and the country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!