IF you have been spending quality time with your partner, you’re doing a great job as a partner! If you’re guilty of not spending enough time with your partner amidst the ravaging COVID 19 and the lockdown on activities that could aid the spread of the pandemic, then, now is your chance to make it up to him or her. Remember that it takes constant effort to maintain a happy and healthy relationship. Here are some ways to make sure that you are spending enough quality time with your partner:  A movie date with your partner never gets old. This is advisable to be done at home via cable television networks, Netflix and homemade popcorn, the two of you lying in bed, watching your favorite movie or series is just perfect. If you’re the geeky type of couple, after watching the movie, you can evaluate its cinematography, casting, storyline, etc. If you’re the adventurous type, you can go on a ghost hunting after watching your favorite horror movie. Go with whatever works for you as a couple.  Whether you want to play a video game, a board game or a card game, the goal here is to develop a strong bond with your partner. Playing a game together will help you develop teamwork and a healthy competition. Your partner might be the type of person who easily gets annoyed when he or she loses the game, but seeing his or her cute reaction would make it more fun.  Instead of just waiting for your partner to cook for you, why don’t you offer some help? While he’s cutting the veggies, why don’t you slice the onion or garlic? It feels fulfilling when you’ve come up with a perfect dish out of your teamwork. Aside from a full stomach, you get to spend quality time with each other, and you get to take a glimpse of how he or she is as a future lifelong partner.  Sometimes, when you know each other that much, you feel like everything is a routine; there’s nothing to discover about the two of you, and excitement’s gone. To keep the spark of the relationship alive, try new things together. Go on a hike. Try to learn a new language. Enroll in a business class together. Find a new hobby. Make sure that you try to do something new with your partner to keep the fire of the relationship burning. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Fuel Scarcity Back In Abuja, Hawkers Back To Business Complaining about the weight you gained for always eating out with your partner? Why don’t you aim to stay fit together? Hit the gym with your partner. Motivate each other. However, due to check of spread and exposure to Corona virus, it is best you stay fit in your  house with light exercise to keep body fit .Aside from setting a goal to be physically healthy, going to the gym is one good way to make your relationship healthy as well because you develop self-discipline and have fun together.  Sometimes, you won’t really mind sitting on the corner of a street when you are too indulged in a conversation with your partner. Talk about random things- your crazy dreams when you were still a kid, your pet peeves, your favorite movies, your philosophies and ideologies, your interest about anything absurd. It’s always fun to know that you can talk about anything with your partner and listen to each other’s views. Also, knowing that your partner has a beautiful mind will make you fall in love with him or her over and over again.  One great way to spend quality time with your partner is to adopt a pet. Why? This cute and adorable cat or dog will serve as your “baby.” You get to have responsibilities as the guardians of your pet. It’s like having a family. You both take care of your “baby,” and while you are enjoying taking care of this pet, you get to maintain a strong bond with your partner.  It’s indeed a happy family!  Yes, it sounds silly, but this is fun, and you will surely spend your time laughing and giggling at each other. Your relationship doesn’t have to be so serious all the time. Make time for silly stuff. There’s nothing to be ashamed of because you are with your partner, and he or she would find you even more lovable as your partner sees your funny side.  Do you play violin and she’s interested to learn how? Then, teach her how to do it. Or, are you a photographer and he wants to be your perfect Instagram boyfriend? Then, teach him some tips on how to take beautiful shots of you. Continue to learn from each other. Spending your time by learning from each other is one good sign of a healthy relationship.  Whether you’re too familiar with your partner or you barely see each other, it’s important to maintain some level of intimacy. Always make your partner feel beautiful. Surprise him or her every now and then. Give your partner a kiss in the most unexpected ways. Give your partner his or her favourite massage on the neck. Try to be more creative in keeping things intimate between the two of you.  Next week on WhatsApp Conversation, we would be treating: Should occupation of the spouse be a basis of acceptance to marriage proposal? Join our WhatsApp Conversation every Sunday by 8pm or send in your comments (50 words) to the phone number, email address above or Twitter handle: @WhatsAppConvs  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE