The leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has directed churches in Nigeria to observe Sunday 22 and 29 March, 2020 as days of prayers against the coronavirus in Nigeria and globally. According to a press statement issued by the President of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Reverend Samson Ayokunle and signed on his behalf by his media assistant, Pastor Adebayo Oladeji, churches are advised to strictly follow the guidelines for combating COVID-19 in all their gatherings as are trusting God for victory over the plague. CAN called on all churches in the country to set aside Sunday 22nd and 29th March 2020 apart to pray for an end to coronavirus Pandemic in Nigeria and all over the world. According to the statement, prayers should be “that God should stop the spread of coronavirus in Nigeria and all over the world. That God should protect Nigerians from this disease. That God should heal those who have been infected already.” ALSO READ: Anambra orders immediate closure of schools indefinitely over coronavirus As a precautionary measure, CAN advised churches to adopt house cell-based service or online service. “Where possible, particularly for churches who do not have an online system, services can be broken into shifts of not more than 50 members in each shift. “Each branch/assembly should provide alcohol-based hand rub (sanitiser) for use, regular washing of hands with soap and water; use of the same towel is not allowed. “Maintain at least 1 meter (3 feet) distance between yourself and anyone who is coughing or sneezing, avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth. “Drink hot water regularly, practice respiratory hygiene. This means covering your mouth and nose with your bent elbow or tissue when you cough or sneeze. Then dispose the used tissue immediately. “If you have fever, cough and difficulty in breathing, then seek medical care early, do not panic. Always pray with Psalm 91 and have faith in God,” CAN added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!