 The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi has admonished Nigerians to comply strictly with government’s sit at home directive, including other efforts to contain the spread of the global coronavirus pandemic. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Officer, Bode Dupojaiye, Oba Adeyemi called on Nigerians to remain calm and build more faith in government’s abilities to secure them in the face of the viral outbreak. He also cautioned Nigerians not to play politics with health, insisting both state and federal governments cannot afford to be distracted by rumour or blackmail in their bid to manage the situation. Oba Adeyemi also said, “Let us take our personal hygiene serious and embrace handwashing with clean water and soap. We must also cover our nose and mouth while sneezing. We should not  panic, or dish out unverified information  and fake news. By observing all these, the pandemic will be a thing of the past”. In his demonstration of his compliance, Oba Adeyemi has shut down social and other activities in the palace, with strict restrictions of movement in and out, except for visitors on essential missions, adding that washing of hands with water, soap and sanitisers have been made compulsory in the palace in order to prevent the spread of this deadly virus. “This is what the new situation requires. I have the responsibility, to show example to the people in order to impress it upon them how serious and very sensitive it is. Ordinarily, health issue is serious and sensitive only that we are easily carried away when we feel we are strong. I am positive that the world is going to overcome this,” he said.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE By and read digital replicas of your tribune tittles by subscribing through: E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story