In line with the strategic intent to constantly align its corporate structures and processes to support the sustained push for growth, the Board of Directors of Keystone Bank Limited has announced the appointment of MR. OLANIRAN OLAYINKA as the Bank’s Acting Managing Director/CEO, subject to approval by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). In a statement by the Company Secretary & General Counsel of the Bank, Dr. Michael Agamah, Mr. Olayinka will lead the Bank’s Executive Management to drive its strategic business and corporate goals leveraging on the robust banking experience garnered over several years across various sectors of the economy. Commenting on the development, the Chairman of Keystone Bank, Alhaji Umaru H. Modibbo disclosed that the appointment of Mr. Olayinka as Acting MD/CEO is based on the Bank’s corporate philosophy and culture of optimising her human capital through sustained leadership development. He stated further that the Bank will continue to proactively nurture and harness its existing talents to assume leadership roles in the financial institution. Mr. Olayinka, who is currently an Executive Director, holds a First-Class Bachelor’s Degree and a Master’s Degree in Economics from the prestigious University of Lagos. He has attended several executive courses and programmes in Banking Operations, Credit, Risk Management, Business Process Re-engineering, and Change Management, amongst others. He had a four-year stint with PricewaterhouseCoopers and over 25 years banking experience covering Operations, Human Resources Management, Corporate Banking, Commercial Banking, Retail Banking and Institutional Banking. Keystone Bank is a technology and service-driven commercial bank offering convenient and reliable solutions to its customers.    Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Australian scientists claim they have already developed a coronavirus vaccine, but it could take months before it is ready to be rolled out.  Three scientists from the University of Queensland, in Brisbane, believe they have created a vaccine that could immunize against COVID-19… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!