The Nigerian Police force, Sokoto State command has expressed its readiness to enforce social restriction order to curtail the spread of deadly coronavirus disease in the state. The state Commissioner for police, CP Ibrahim Sani Ka’oje, stated this in a statement signed by the command spokesman, ASP Muhammad Abubakar Sadiq, and released to journalists in the state. He disclosed that henceforth, any gathering of more than 50 persons, be it that of Policemen or otherwise requires the written permission of the Commissioner of Police with effect from Monday 23/03/2020. The Command, enjoins citizens to embrace alternate meeting avenues rather than physical meeting, urges Officers, Men and the general public to observe the personal safety measures and other precaution given by medical experts. According to the statement released, “Sokoto State Police Command in compliance with the directive of Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed A. Adamu has taken a decision which is a demonstration of the Nigeria Police concern and support for the various protocols being put in place by the Federal and State Governments of Nigeria to check the spread of the disease. ALSO READ: Kwara gov orders suspension of Perm Sec, top civil servants over extortion of farmers “All Police Officers are therefore enjoined to be medically conscious and take the following measures to ensure self-protection and prevention of further transmission of the scourge:- “Wash hands with soap and water regularly or use alcohol-based hand sanitizers if available. Maintain at least 1.5 meters distance between self and anyone who is coughing or sneezing. “Make sure you and people around you cover their mouth and nose with tissue paper or handkerchief while sneezing. Always wear a face mask if you are sick and also if you are taking care of someone with the symptoms. “Do not touch your mouth, eyes or nose with an unclean material and visit the healthcare services if you feel unwell with symptoms like fever, cough and difficulty in breathing. “All persistent cases of fever, coughing should quickly be reported to the Command Medical Centre for prompt management. “Similarly, all emergencies and suspected cases should be channelled to the emergency unit or call the following number: 07019699968, 07068848035”. The Command CP, Ibrahim Sani Ka’oje, while urging Officers, Men and members of the public to observe personal safety measures, further directs the HODs, DPOs and all Area Commanders to ensure that cases of unnecessary arrests and detention of suspects are not condoned. “Only serious cases such as terrorism, armed robbery, homicide and other non-bailable offences should warrant detention. The CP also enjoins citizens to avoid social visits to Police Stations and other Police offices and minimize official visits, except where absolutely necessary, while ordered the immediate closure of the Police Primary School in the State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  Lagos Markets To Shut Down On Friday Lagos markets, offices, showrooms, and warehouses operating under the umbrella of Market Leaders and Traders Association of Nigeria, Lagos Chapter, will shut down, on Friday, over the raging coronavirus epidemic. In a statement issued this morning and signed by Comrade Christopher Okpala and Comrade… Read full story  FG Alerts Nigerians On Existence Of Coronavirus Ransomware The Federal Government has alerted Nigerians to the existence of an Android-based malicious and fraudulent Coronavirus Ransomware Application, which claims to provide updates on the virus and infections near the user. In a statement issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!