With Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir testing positive to the dreaded COVID-19 infection, the state government has directed that all those that have come in contact with the governor are to be self-isolated and tested further for confirmation of their status. State Commissioner of Health, Dr Aliyu Maigoro Mohammed, while confirming to journalists the positive status of the governor, declared that blood samples of the people who had contact with the governor will be taken to Abuja to be tested. The commissioner, however, assured that “the governor is doing well and receiving the required medication. What he has is not a serious problem because he has not demonstrated any of the symptoms of the infection. He only tested positive and treatment has commenced immediately.” On the required things needed to combat the spread of the disease, the commissioner said that isolation centres have been created at various points across the state, adding that request has been made for the procurement of test kits to facilitate testing of suspected index cases. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Makinde’s ban on schools, night clubs, religious services will be enforced, Oyo CP warns Aliyu Maigoro emphasized the need for the people to keep hygienic living conditions around them in order to ensure that the infection was curtailed and put under control, stressing that washing of hands regularly and maintaining sanitary condition is very important in the fight against COVID-19. He also said that the state government is expecting its own share of a grant of $100m to the Federal Government which will be used to upgrade health facilities across the country to be able to fight every outbreak. Also speaking on the situation, executive chairman of Bauchi State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (BASPHCDA), Dr Rilwanu Mohammed, said that Bauchi State cannot be counted among the states that have the COVID-19 disease simply because the governor tested positive. Rilwanu Mohammed said that “We have 14 days from today to do another test to confirm the status of the Governor, it is only then that we will know what stage we are in Bauchi but for now, we are safe.” The BASPHCDA chairman also stressed the importance of healthy living in order to fight the infection saying that, “people should wash their hands regularly, drink safe water often, keep their environment clean and safe. You know that the government is always campaigning for a clean and safe environment.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!