A twenty-three-year-old secondary school teacher in Ogun State, Azunyere Chima, has been arrested by the men of the Ogun State Police Command, for forcefully having unlawful carnal knowledge of his 14-year-old student. The suspect, according to a statement by the State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, was arrested following a report by the father of the victim at Ibafo Divisional headquarters. Nigerian Tribune reports that the randy teacher was alleged to have lured the girl into his apartment on the pretence that he wanted to assist her with school work. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: My son didn’t visit night clubs, Jumat prayer, Atiku cries out The statement read: “The 23yr old randy teacher was apprehended following a report by the father of the victim, who reported at Ibafo divisional headquarters, that his daughter was lured to the house of the suspect who happened to be her art teacher under the pretence that he wanted to help her on her practical work. “On getting to his house, the suspect dragged her into his room, overpowered and forcefully had sex with her, as a result of which the victim was bleeding seriously from her private part. “Upon the report, the DPO Ibafo, SP Abiodun Ayinde, detailed his detectives to the residence of the suspect at No.2 Unity close, Aseese where he was promptly arrested. “He has since made a confessional statement to the police, while the victim has been taken to a hospital for medical treatment.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!