The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hon Ndudi Elumelu, on Monday, disclosed that he and members of his family have tested negative for coronavirus after a period of isolation in London, United Kingdom. Hon Elumelu confirmed this via a statement made available to Parliamentary Correspondents. In the bid to ensure compliance to Federal Government’s directive, he called on the Speaker and members of the Body of Principal Officers and other members of the House of Representatives, to also subject themselves to the test. Hon. Elumelu “who was in isolation and his entire family from London, took the coronavirus test and result confirmed them all negative.” He, therefore, “urged every member and leadership to do same.” Recall that Spokesman of the House, Rep Benjamin Kalu, had at a press briefing held on Tuesday, 24th March 2020 denied the report that any member of the House, tested positive to the pandemic. He stressed that the House would have exposed such a member if it ever happened. The House embarked on a two-week recess, on Tuesday, to fight the pandemic and follow up on an Economic Stimulus Bill to cushion the effect of the pandemic on the economy. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Abba Kyari And His COVID-19 PATIENTS are afraid of contracting the disease from doctors; doctors are afraid of getting infected by patients. It is a perfect medical standoff certain to breed a disaster. How does a country handle this? Yet, it is a war foretold but our cripple ignored the clear warnings… Read full article Century-Old Vaccine Investigated As Weapon Against Coronavirus A vaccine that has been used to prevent tuberculosis is being given to health-care workers in Melbourne to see if it will protect them against the coronavirus. The bacillus Calmette-Guerin, or BCG, the shot has been used widely for about 100 years, with a growing appreciation for its off-target benefits… Read full story (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed Immediate Payment Of Two-Month Conditional Cash Transfers “For the most vulnerable in our society, I have directed that the conditional cash transfers for the next two months be paid immediately. Our Internally displaced persons will also receive two months of food rations… Read full text (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed 3-Month Moratorium On Tradermoni, BOI, BOA, Other Loans “Furthermore, I have directed that a three-month repayment moratorium for all TraderMoni, MarketMoni and FarmerMoni loans be implemented with immediate effect. “I have also directed that a similar moratorium be given to all Federal Government funded loans issued by the Bank of Industry, Bank of… Read full text COVID–19: Why Government’s Communications Have Not Been Effective —Experts Despite universal attestation to the existence of Coronavirus and the havoc it can wreck on humanity, if allowed to thrive, quite a sizeable number of Nigerians, especially those at the lower rungs of the socio-economic ladder, would still prefer to treat such claim with a pint of salt… Read full story Coronavirus: Abba Kyari Confirms Health Status, Says He Is Moving To Lagos For Isolation The Chief of Staff (CoS) to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, has admitted that he has tested positive for coronavirus, saying that he was being moved to Lagos for further tests and observation. He has also explained that since he discovered his status last week, he had borne his own treatment to prevent… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Eight Strains Of Coronavirus Are Circling The World, Scientists Say At least eight strains of the coronavirus are making their way around the globe, creating a trail of death and disease that scientists around the world are tracking by their genetic footprints… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE