Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has announced a $30m intervention against COVID-19 tagged ‘collective industry support’ to fight COVID -19 in the country. Group Managing Director, (GMD), Nigerian National Petroleum Product (NNPC) Mallam Mele Kyari made this announcement in Abuja at a press conference shared on the NNPC Twitter handle. Kyari who addressed the press on oil and gas industry collective response support fight against COVID -19 in Nigeria said the intervention would be integrated within government initiative to bring the pandemic within control. According to Kyari “We are announcing, in the first instance, the sum of $30million Industry-wide collective support in the fight against COVID- 19 in Nigeria. ALSO READ: BREAKING: UK’s health secretary tests positive for coronavirus “This intervention will be integrated within the Federal Government’s initiative of bringing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic within control” He said the corporation’s intervention will provide supports of medical equipment, logistics and in-patient support system. He said it will also ensure the provision of medical infrastructure that could serve the nation in the long term after the pandemic would have been contained. Kyari commended the partnership forged by the need to conquer COVID- 19 in the country by players in the oil and gas industry. His words: “with this Industry-wide support, we will particularly provide medical equipment, deploy logistics and in-patient support system and also deliver medical infrastructure that could be useful to this country in the long-term. “We’ll like to thank the 32 partners within the Oil & Gas Industry who have enlisted into this initiative. The list is by no means exhaustive, just as the contribution too will not be exhaustive.” “We are working towards enrolling other companies within the Oil & Gas Industry so that we can have granular suggestions and get more contributions and support in the fight against COVID- 19 in Nigeria.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!