Residents of Ogun State have been warned against the storage of petroleum products during the period of lockdown in the state, due to the spread of coronavirus in the country. Tribune Online reports that the warning was given by the Operations Controller of the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), Abeokuta Field Office, Mrs Muinat Bello-Zagi, in a statement on Tuesday. Zagi-Bello said there was no cause for panic buying, saying petroleum products would be available throughout the stay-at-home period. “We’re pleading with our people to shun panic buying and storage of Petroleum products in their houses. There’s no reason to do that. There’s enough product and all the depots are loading. “The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) Chairman, Mosimi, Otunba Femi Adelaja has assured us of his members’ commitment to the availability of products. “People should also desist from buying petrol inside polythene bags or plastic bottles. These are unsafe practices. “In the course of our surveillance, we’ve also noticed that some people overzealously make use of hand sanitisers. Some even rub it on their body. This is quite unsafe because it contains alcohol which could cause fire incidents,” she said. She urged consumers of Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG) also known as cooking gas to patronise only licensed plants while also discouraging transfers and decanting by gas retailers. Bello-Zagi cautioned people on the use of hand sanitisers, saying they should not use it close to any source of ignition or in the kitchen. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Appoints Osinbajo As Chairman, Economic Sustainability Committee President Muhammadu Buhari has set up an Economic Sustainability Committee with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as chairman. He has also okayed financial services providers to operate during the restriction on movements and activities that he imposed on Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States to curtail the spread of coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Governor Makinde Tests Positive, Explains How He Got Infected •Says I remain in self-isolation •Oyo State releases index case after treatment Oyo State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde on Monday confirmed he has tested positive to the rampaging coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19. The governor who tweeted via his personal handle @seyiamakinde on Monday, said that he was asymptomatic and would remain in isolation... Read full story