The University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, has directed all its members of staff on CONTISS 1 to 12 to stay at home for the next two weeks, beginning from Tuesday. The university has also banned all social and religious gatherings and meetings of more than 10 persons anywhere within the campus. The university’s spokesperson, Mrs Taiwo Oloyede, made this known in a statement made available to journalists, saying the exemption to this directive are officers from levels 13 to 15 as well as the deans of faculty, heads of department, directors, secretaries attached to principal officers, who are expected to keep the university running. She also said staff on essential duties such as those at Works and Physical Planning Unit (Power), Security and Medical Services and few others, are also expected to be in school and carry out their responsibilities as demanded. “But it is expected that all these departments and units that will have their people around should provide hand sanitisers at strategic areas of their offices,” she stressed. Oloyede, however, said the development was in conformity with the Federal Government directive to prevent the spread of coronavirus in the country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!