The Nigerian Academy of Science has closed down its office indefinitely.  The closure is to prevent the spread of coronavirus in the country. The Executive Secretary of the academy, Dr. Oladoyin Odubanjo, announced the closure in a statement, saying all staff and fellows of the organisation would work from home till normalcy returns to the country. Noting that the academy would continue to support the government’s efforts in curbing the spread of the dreaded virus, he urged Nigerians and other nationals in the country to stay safe and healthy by simply adhering to recommended measures given by the government and its agencies to prevent further spread of the virus. He said the academy remains committed to improving the quality of life for all Nigerians by providing evidence-informed advice on areas of operations to the government as and when due. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!