The registry unit of The Polytechnic, Ibadan, Oyo State has been commended for its thoughtfulness and consistency in adding value to its staff. Giving the commendation on Tuesday was the rector of the institution and chairman of the occasion, Professor Kazeem A. Adebiyi at a one-day seminar for registry staff organised by the registry department of the institution, which was held at the Assembly Hall, North Campus of the institution. The theme of the seminar was ‘Time, Wellness and Productivity.’ Represented by the deputy rector, Mrs Abiodun Olubamiwa, the rector said: “If there is any unit of this institution that is constantly putting its workers on their toes and making them do what is right in terms of productivity, I would like to say it is the registry. You are always at the forefront, congratulations.” ALSO READ: Coronavirus: KolaDaisi varsity educates students, staff on safety Declaring the seminar open, the institution’s helmsman noted that the seminar was necessary as it would impact positively and add value to the registry staff so as to enable them to render their services with a high sense of diligence and responsibility. UPDATE: APC sinks deeper as party dismisses Kano court… Makinde charges corps members on creative endowment APC crisis: Plot to announce Ajimobi acting chairman… Makinde’s wife tasks women on breast examination, medical… While commenting on the two paper presenters at the seminar, he said they were carefully chosen based on their wealth of experience and expertise. Delivering the first lecture on the topic ‘Stress and Time Management,’ the deputy registrar (rectory), Mrs E.A Omole, said stress is an issue facing every adult across demographic groupings – gender, tribe, nationality and position held. She encouraged participants to cultivate the habit of making themselves happy while performing their duties, approach their work in a systematic manner as well as endeavour to always put their best foot first in all they do, saying “no better time to start doing that than now.” The second speaker, Mr J.A Ogunjimi, deputy registrar (academics), who presented a paper on the topic ‘Improving Performance and Productivity of Non-teaching Staff,’ noted that “every institution needs a well-motivated, passionate and resourceful staff to achieve its goals and objectives.” He identified leadership and system failures, communication and Interaction problem, inadequate and faulty reward system, inadequate planning and infrastructure, and bad recruitment policy as challenges affecting staff performance and productivity. Ogunjimi challenged the institution to put in place effective personnel management system and effective motivational system that could improve the performance and productivity of non-teaching staff of the institution. The event had in attendance past registrars of the polytechnic, including Mr Nathaniel Sotoyinbo (second registrar of the institution), Mr H.A Adedokun and Mr Ezekiah A. Fehintila, among other principal officers of the institution. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN