President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he shares heartfelt sorrow with Senator Ben Murray-Bruce on the loss of his wife of 41 years, Evelyn. In a statement issued in Abuja on Friday by Femi Adesina Special Adviser to the President Buhari (Media and Publicity), the President prayed God to comfort the Senator, who represented Bayelsa East in the 8th Assembly, the children left by the deceased, and the entire family. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Worshippers desert Egbeda, Shasha mosques While urging them to take solace in the quality of life lived by the departed, President Buhari beseeched God to soothe their pains, and grant succour to all those who mourn Mrs Evelyn Murray-Bruce.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story  2023: The PDP Challenge To The APC In South-West IT is an indubitable fact that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), at the height of its glory, dominated the political landscape since the advent of the current democratic dispensation, especially between 1999 and 2011. Its sphere of, though gradually waning particularly in the South-West and some parts… Read full story  US Announces Approval Of Chloroquine For Treatment Of Coronavirus The US has approved the anti-malarial drug chloroquine for use as a treatment against the new coronavirus, President Donald Trump said Thursday.  “We’re going to be able to make that drug available almost immediately, and that’s where the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) has been so great,”… Read full story  COVID-19: INEC Postpones Bayelsa, Imo, Plateau Senatorial Bye Elections • Says dates for Edo, Ondo governorship stand The Independent National Electoral Commission has postponed indefinitely dates for the conduct of bye-elections in Bayelsa West and Central senatorial elections. It also postponed the bye-elections in Imo North Senatorial District and Plateau South… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!