Kano State governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, in his continuous effort to curtail the spread of coronavirus, has promised to provide some palliatives for journalists in the state in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic considering the critical roles they play in times of disaster. Nigerian Tribune reports that the state Commissioner of Information, Malam Muhammad Garba made the assertion on Monday during a one-day workshop entitled “COVID-19: How Prepared Is The Media In Handling Disasters?” organised by the Kano State chapter of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ). According to him, “there is need for government to see how it can support the media in this time of COVID-19 pandemic. Whatever support that is going to be given to other sectors, the media will surely be considered.” Comrade Garba stated​ that the state government is very much aware of the challenges journalists face in critical and disastrous times such as the​ ​ COVID-19 pandemic, promising that government will do its best to guarantee the safety of journalists during this trying time of COVID-19 pandemic. He said: “We will work together with the media and see how we can overcome this pandemic which has caused serious harm to the entire world.” ALSO READ: BREAKING: Nigeria records second death from coronavirus Garba who was the chairman of the occasion described journalists as very important professionals whose services remain critical in this unfortunate era of COVID-19. Comrade Garba noted that if perchance there is a total shutdown as it is being experienced in Lagos, Ogun, Abuja and Kaduna, residents would depend on no other people, but journalists to be informed on the latest about the dreaded coronavirus. He, however, admonished journalists to live above the board and remain responsible while disseminating information concerning the COVID-19 pandemic, pointing out that there was the need for journalists to be guided by the code and ethics of the noble profession at all times. He charged participants to tap from the knowledge of resource persons who were there to make presentations. Also speaking at the workshop, Hajia Sa’a Ibrahim,​ Director General, Broadcasting Organisation of Nigeria (BON), noted that journalists need support from both the federal and the state governments at this period of COVID-19 pandemic. Hajiya Ibrahim who is also the Managing Director of Abubakar Rimi Television (ARTV), Kano,​ urged journalists to be conscious of their safety while reporting disaster situation such as the COVID-19 pandemic.