Ogun Police Commissioner, Kenneth Ebrimson, on Saturday said that cultism remained the greatest challenge facing the state police command. Ebrimson said this in Abeokuta when students body in the state led by Azeez Adeyemi, Special Adviser to Gov. Dapo Abiodun on Student Matters, paid him a courtesy call. He intimated the students’ representatives that it was important to always preach against cultism, saying that when two cult groups clashed, innocent people were often affected. “I need your assistance, I need your cooperation, particularly in the area of fight against cultism. “That is the greatest challenge we have in this state; not armed robbery, not kidnapping but cultism and it thrives in tertiary institutions. “Cultism has no advantage, it is just a mere group of people trying to have rival supremacy over things that are not worth their lives,” he said. According to him, cultism is the mother of kidnapping, armed robbery, drug peddling. Cultism is the major cause of every violent crime in society. ALSO READ: Kano govt repatriates 1,500 almajiris to neighbouring states, countries “Tell me where you have seen cultists clash without wanton destruction of lives and property? OAU: VC warns students against cultism, other vices Mechanic docked over alleged cultism Achievers University expels six students over cultism Police arrest SUG president, one other for cultism in Ogun “There is no society that is free of crime. So I want to tell you that the police are the only friend you have. “No matter how bitter you feel, you must locate a police station to lodge your complaints in the first instance. “So, please, I need your cooperation and I think from time to time, we will be having this type of platform to enable us to vent our grievances,” he said. The police commissioner commended the state government for initiating the students-police relations meeting, adding that there had never been a bad relationship between the police and the students. He pleaded with the students to erase a bad impression about the police from their minds, saying that it was the duty of the police to guide and protect all citizens of the country. Earlier, Raymond Ojo, the Global Vice President, National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), noted that the priority of student leadership was to defend the rights of Nigerian students. Ojo decried the indiscriminate and unlawful assault and arrest of students by the police, saying that the attitude of the police should be checked and the bad eggs are fished out. He urged the police authorities to always ensure those police vehicles were branded so that it would be easy for the public to report any officer involved in illegality. Also speaking, Adeyemi noted that the meeting was facilitated by the state government to foster more relationships between police and students. The special adviser to the governor appealed to the state police command to see Nigerian students as partners in progress and agent of peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN