The Ondo State government, on Tuesday, ordered the closure of all markets from Wednesday, March 25, as a further step to contain the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic. This was contained in a statement issued by the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor (Media and Publicity) Mr Ojo Oyewamide, who said the decision to close markets is to stem the tide of the rampaging COVID-19 pandemic. According to the statement, all markets, malls and shops across the state would be closed for a period of seven days in the first instance. He said: “Under this fresh directive which is for a period of seven days in the first instance, only the sale of life-saving and sustaining items like food, water and medicals shall be allowed.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bauchi orders civil servants to stay at home The statement reiterated that the suspension of political gatherings and meetings is still in force, saying “In this regard, any form of open campaign for the forthcoming Local Government Election in the State should be discontinued for the meantime. “And in furtherance of his resolve to deepen efforts under the present circumstances, Governor Akeredolu has equally directed the immediate cancellation of all official engagements. “This directive includes courtesy calls and other engagements already approved and scheduled prior to this time and shall suffice for a period of 14 days in the first instance. “The governor seeks the co-operation and understanding of all residents in the State as he works assiduously to keep the State safe from COVID-19.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!