Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers on Sunday evening abducted two players of the Enyimba Football Club of Aba and Heartland Football Club of Owerri, Imo State along the Benin-Akure, expressway, Ondo State. The victims, Dayo Ojo of Eyinmba of Aba and Benjamin Iluyomade of Heartland were said to be on their way to their base in Akure after their clubs declared an emergency holiday following the coronavirus outbreak in the country. According to a source, the two players who were former players of the Sunshine Stars of Akure were abducted at Ipele town on Benin-Akure Expressway in Owo Local Government Area of the state. Nigerian Tribune reports that details of how the duo were abducted was not clear as at the time of filing this report. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, who confirmed the incident said the police were already on the trail of the kidnappers to secure the release of the victims. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Osinbajo cancels Monday’s commissioning of traffic radio He said one of the players have been rescued by the men of the state police command, but he did not give out the name of the rescued player. “We have been able to rescue one of the players and our men are already in the bush after the kidnappers. “I will get the details of the incident as soon as I get the information from the DPO of Ipele Owo,” the police spokesman stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story  APC Crisis: Oshiomhole And The Tortuous Road To Edo, Ondo Governorship Race The plot to oust the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, has turned out to be an anticlimax. Meetings of the strategic organs of the party, the national caucus and the National Executive Committee (NEC), were shelved following the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!