Jordan, on Friday, announced a nationwide curfew in the latest move aimed at preventing the spread of coronavirus, government spokesperson, Amjad al-Adaileh said. The curfew will go into effect at 7 a.m (0500 GMT) on Saturday and stay in effect until further notice. All shops will be closed. On Tuesday, the government will allow some shops to open at certain times so people can buy their basic needs, al-Adaileh said. ALSO READ: NYSC suspends clearance, CDS for corps members Violating the curfew is punishable with up to one year in prison. Jordan, which has announced 69 confirmed coronavirus cases, declared a state of emergency on Tuesday as part of a series of measures aimed at preventing an outbreak of the virus. Armed forces have been deployed at entrances and exits of cities, public and private institutions have been closed down and all flights to and from the country have been suspended. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  BREAKING: Lagos Announces Four New Cases Of Coronavirus The Lagos State Government has announced four new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to nine. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi at a press conference held today also announced that the first test of the index case came back negative… Read full story  Sotitobire Missing Child: Ondo Court Resumes Hearing The High Court in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Monday, filled to the brim, as the court resumed the trial of the founder of Sotitobire Miracle Centre, Prophet Alfa Babatunde, and six members of the church over the disappearance of a one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Church service, last November… Read full story  COVID-19: UCH asks staff over 60 years of age to work from home The management of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan has asked its staff who are over 60 years of age to work from home. In an internal memo from the hospital’s Chairman Medical Advisory Committee, all staff above 60 years of age were “strongly advised to work from home.”.. Read full story  2023: The PDP Challenge To The APC In South-West IT is an indubitable fact that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), at the height of its glory, dominated the political landscape since the advent of the current democratic dispensation, especially between 1999 and 2011. Its sphere of, though gradually waning particularly in the South-West and some parts… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!