IF citizens of the world didn’t know that they lived in a global village, the COVID-19, otherwise known as the Coronavirus, has demonstrated this starkly. Virtually all parts of the world have paused on account of the ravaging pestilence, with very earth-shaking implications for the global economy. Even world leaders with war-like inclinations have come to realize, to their shame, that the virus is killing more people than bullets and armoury can at the war front. In this global shutdown, Nigeria has also wriggled herself into its consequences. As barrels of crude oil become ten-a-penny in the global market, its impact for a Nigerian economy with its monolithic colour, a kick-and-follow economy that is cobbled together by shoe strings, becomes very scary. And when individualizing a people who were used to milling around one another becomes a solution to the ravaging virus, dictating that the people had to go back into their individual cocoons, Nigeria and an egregious Africa are suffering the virus’ aftermath more than other societies. Our locus of social joy like owambe parties had to go for the anger of the virus to subside; the euphoria of religion, sustained overtime by people gathering together to worship, had to be deflated and our togetherness had to be prized apart because the virus demands isolation. It has been long since the globe felt a blow as total and consequential as this. In Nigeria, figures being bandied still look too unrealistic and incomprehensible, taking into consideration who we are and what we are – a statistically inept people. Right now, no cogent case could be said to have been scientifically apprehended. Due to the proximity of the Coronavirus with hay fever in their presentations, as well as some other similar ailments, anyone presenting with symptoms similar to the virus is immediately bundled for a quarantine. But anyone who knows the ancient lackadaisical attitudes of Nigerian governments and people, as well as the porous Nigerian borders would know that some things just don’t add up on the coronavirus pestilence figure in Nigeria. In the midst of these grim realities, world leaders are giving hope to their constituents. In Africa, leaders of Ghana, South Africa, Zimbabwe and other lesser countries are giving the pet talks that coaches give their footballing sides at moments when the balls are not hitting the nets, to their people. Not only are those presidents giving succor to the people by articulating what their governments have done so far to defeat the deadly virus, it is at moments like this that phrasal nuggets come out of their lips. “Together, we shall overcome,” “this virus cannot break our will to live,” “humanity is stronger than Corona” are some of the phrases that citizens of the world have heard from their leaders which give them hope and a can-do spirit to defeat this deadly epidemic. In Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari is, as they say in the Army, AWOL from his own people. He has always been anyway. Mum is the word from a man who was ostensibly elected by millions of Nigerians to be their burden-sharer. Except in photo-ops where he is decorated to be in bubbling moods, Nigerians have recorded sparse or nil interface with their president since he was sworn in. He doesn’t speak to them, they have no moment whatsoever with him, except from the omnibus press releases issued from the Villa. This Buhari government hubris is unprecedented in the dialogical history of Nigeria’s Heads of State and their people. Even General Sani Abacha, with his suspected deficiency in communication, at a conservative estimate, dialogued with Nigerians more than Buhari. The situation is so bad that recently, a photograph of the President commissioning a project was shared on Twitter. When enlarged and seen at close quarters, it showed that the one-sentence statement Buhari was meant to make, recited off-hand by people with flowing cognitive abilities, was gummed to his front. Which gods did the Nigerian people offend to arrive at this gory and unimaginable intersection? The pestilence of silence from Buhari is perhaps more catastrophic than the Corona. It is so loud that it gives credence to strong permutations, rumours and indications that sieve in that Buhari is gravely incapacitated and Nigerians may just be contending with a James Hadley Chase’s Make the Corpse Walk effigy. Last month, the polity was jolted when a secret memo dated December 9, 2019, from the National Security Adviser, Babagana Monguno, was leaked. It indicated that Buhari might have overtime been mummified from what happens in the security of Nigeria, and by inference, from the governance of Nigeria as a whole. The memo had accused Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, of what it called undue and dangerous interference in matters that bordered on national security. The need to give hope to the people at this trying times apparently forced the Senate to resolve at plenary last Wednesday that Buhari must address Nigerians on the raging virus. While urging the federal government to shut down all international airports, leaving Lagos and Abuja airports so that the disease could be adequately monitored, the Buhari government was to adhere to the latter advice only and ignored the former. The call came through a point of order raised by Danjuma Goje, former governor of Gombe and was supported by Senators Oluremi Tinubu, George Sekibo, Sam Egwu and Emmanuel Bwacha. With a suddenness akin only to the spread of the virus at issue, the Villa upbraided Nigerians who wondered why their usually absent president had to extend his vacation at this time of the raging calamity. To Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, asking the Nigerian President to speak words of comfort to the people who allegedly elected him into office at this low time of their lives was ‘populist advocacies’ ‘cheap and sensational’ which he said are unnecessary at this time. Now, if this is the reasoning of the Nigerian presidency, we have a far greater calamity meandering into our open bodily parts than the Corona Virus. So it is sensational, it is politics and it is divisive to have a man who volunteered to preside over Nigeria address his people? It is sensationalism for him to tell Nigerians who are united in their resolve to banish this pestilence from their borders that there was no cause for alarm? Of all those members of the Presidential Coordination Committee that is chaired by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), which of them did Nigerians elect who can effectively gauge their sorrow and apprehension? More importantly, is it rocket science for a president to address his people? This absolute fight of discretion, apparently borne out of the need to shawl Buhari from a public interface with his failings, suspected to be associated with cognition and its disorder, has made Buhari and his minders to fester in their self-righteousness. It is getting to the level of absurdity of Albert Camus’ hue. In their rationalization of the absurdities of the Buhari presidency, the Villa is unwittingly confronting Nigerians with a Buhari whose rule bears a striking image of the absurd that the Greek myth of Sisyphus tries to connote. Camus, in his philosophy of the absurd, espoused this too. Sisyphus, so says the myth, pushes the rock up to the mountain top and immediately he gets to the top, rolls the rock back down the valley, till the end of life. Why is Aso Rock pushing Nigerians to their limit like this? Is it such an impossible task to tell Nigerians that Buhari suffers some disability which will make his cognition of the process of talking to Nigerians difficult? And does the Villa think Nigerians don’t know already? ALSO READ: Australian Scientists Claim To Have Developed Vaccine For Coronavirus But Not Ready To Let Go Egbaland, May 6 and Ayinla Omowura IN a couple of months’ time, specifically on May 6, 2020, it will be 40 years since the death of that iconic Apala music genre singer, Ayinla Omowura. I have just completed a 500+ paged book on the late musician, killed in a publish brawl, which I entitled Ayinla Omowura: Life and Times of An Apala Legend. What is the plan of the people of Abeokuta, whose dialect, streets, ways of life and its people that mattered, Ayinla forced down the throats of Nigerians and the people of the West Coast, through his music, for the memorialization of this petrel? I volunteer the conclusion of the book for the people of this great Yoruba town to ponder on: Forty years have passed under the bridge of the Ayinla Omowura phenomenon. Forty years of his death have not succeeded in obliterating his contributions to the musical narrative of Nigeria, especially in South West Nigeria. Arguably, his music attracts more love, adoration and veneration today than when he was alive. Unlike then when Ayinla was seen basically through the prism of his violent lifestyle and the frightening characters who surrounded him, many people have since seen beyond the aforementioned limitations of this Apala musician, to his musical dexterity and talent. Ayinla was a lay scholar, a prophet and ombudsman sent to the world on a mission. His list of fans has quadrupled since he died, with many seeking to understand the basis of many of his songs. Many of the songs are also evergreen, in terms of their predictions, analyses and contemporary relevance to life situations. While in office, ex-Governor of Ayinla’s home state of Ogun, Ibikunle Amosun, became the only governor of the state since he died, to remember Ayinla Omowura. The administration decided to give the Omowura house at Ile-Loja, Itoko a total facelift. The one-storey house was repainted, re-tiled and offered an image that befits the memory of a man who promoted Egba, Ogun State, their songs and culture to the rest of the world. Though the floors were now tiled with modern touch, with Ayinla’s presence preserved for anyone who visits the house to still perceive the musical scent of where the musical prodigy minted those evergreen songs that have become the envy of the world. It is a shame that Egbaland which Ayinla forced down the throats of the rest of the world, has not deemed it fit to immortalize his memory. Perhaps, it still sees Omowura from the prism of a thug and violent character, which he was. Fela Anikulapo-Kuti, Peter Tosh, Bob Marley and many other musicians who have equally passed on, bore some of the objectionable vices of Omowura while alive. Yet, they are not only celebrated by their countries today, their memories are preserved for posterity. Why Egba people wouldn’t do this for Omowura, especially by establishing a foundation for him which will preserve his works and person, is still a wonder. Ogun State government, for instance, should have acquired his Ile-Loja home as a museum which generations to come would visit to feel the pulse of Omowura’s unusual musical verve. Omowura’s family did well to preserve some of his memories. Inside the musician’s living room are his old gramophone, his reclining chair where he sat whenever he wanted to relax, his old television set and inside his bedroom is a 6 x 4 bed, his mattress and a few other household utensils that remind anyone who knew him of the earthly existence of Hadji Costly. At the graveyard of Omowura, which also houses the resting place of his first two wives – Afusatu of the Ile Eleni clan and Tawakalitu Owonikoko –  is placed a bronze bust of the 47-year old musician whose bubbling musical life ended in an unmitigated tragedy. It is a reminder that the Oluburo, a Songbird with an unusual brain for songs, voice and musicality, which Ayinla loudly proclaimed himself to be, not only had once lived in the house buthad his remains inside that sepulchre.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!