President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Lawan has tasked religious leaders in the country to intensify prayer for those in leadership positions to be more focused in running affairs of the nation and to have a peaceful and secured country. The Senate President who stated this while speaking at the funeral church service for the late Senator Ignatius Longjan at the Saint Louis Catholic Church Jos, Plateau State on Monday said the efficacy and power of prayer cannot be ruled out in the affairs of any nation adding that with the power of prayer, things can change for the betterment of Nigeria. He stated that; “Nigerian leaders need prayers to remain focused so that we can have a country of our dreams. Prayer is very crucial and is the key, the power of prayers can change so many things. Some countries went through this kind of situation and they came out strong, but I believe we will overcome the present challenges with God”. ALSO READ: Breaking: Osun reverses all Aregbesola’s education policies He described the late Senator Ignatius Dantong Longjan who represented Plateau South in the National Assembly before his demise as a detribalised Nigerian who believed strongly in the unity of Plateau State and Nigeria as a whole adding that the Senate will miss his wealth of experience and positive contributions on the floor of the Senate. ” Late Senator Longjan was a caring, humble and peaceful loving man. He cherished and practised peace in all areas of life, he was an embodiment peaceful person. We shall miss him in the Senate. We in the National Assembly, particularly in the Senate, will continue with these ideals that our late colleague, Senator Ignatius Longjan, lived and died for. “We will always work for peace and ensure that the interest of Nigerians and their dignity are protected. This is what we are supposed to do as representatives of the people of Nigeria, and we will continue to do that. Senate president’s convoy rescues 5 accident victims in… Senate President swears in Ekpenyong as senator Current security architecture has failed Nigerians ― Senate… Power sector privatisation scandalous — Senate President Plateau State governor and chairman of the Northern Governors Forum, Barr. Simon Lalong while eulogising the late Senator said his death was a huge loss to Plateau State because of his immense contributions to the state and Nigeria. “Senator Longjan throughout his lifetime demonstrated excellence, loyalty, patriotism and candour as a career diplomat, Deputy Governor, Senator Representing Plateau North and chieftain of the APC among others positions he occupied”. Governor Lalong, however, named the State College of Art, Science and Remedies Studies Kurgwi after the late Senator. The Catholic Archbishop of Abuja Archdiocese Most Rev. Ignatius Kaigama in a homily at the burial described Senator Longjan as a Christian who placed God in all his activities. He said the late lawmaker was a dedicated servant of God and urged Politician in the state to emulate Longjan and imbibe his peaceful nature. The Archbishop who is also the Administrator of the Archdiocese of Jos decried the incessant killings by unknown gunmen and called on those in authority to ensure there is total peace in the country. Senator Longjan died on the 10th February 2020 at the Abuja Turkish Hospital after a brief illness. He was the Deputy Chairman Senate committees on Foreign Affairs and also Culture and Tourism addition to a member of various committees. The Late Senator is survived by a wife,  three children and grandchildren. Amongst those who attended the burial to includes the Deputy Senate President Ovie Omo-Agege, Deputy Speaker House of Reps, Rt. Hon. Idris Maje, Former Governor of Plateau State Jonah Jang, Senator Philip Aduda, Senator Rocha’s Okorocha, Senator ID Gyang, Senator Hezekiah Dimka, Hon. Dachung Bagos, Hon. Solomon Maren, Hon. Beni Lar, Traditional Rulers among other dignitaries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN