The Ekiti State government has announced that it has activated an isolation centre and put the patient who is said to have shown symptom of coronavirus in the centre. The state government also disclosed that all public and private schools and institutions in the state are to close down from Monday, March 23rd while all public gatherings including religious gatherings, worship and prayer services of more than 20 people were prohibited from Friday, March 20. ALSO READ: Why petrol still sells at ₦145 in Bayelsa, DPR boss explains Announcing this in a broadcast on Friday, Governor Kayode Fayemi also said that all non-essential workers in private and public sectors from Level 12 and below are encouraged to work from home as from Monday, March 23rd. The government also advised public transport operators to avoid overloading, saying that commercial vehicles including buses should ensure that only one passenger sits with the driver in front and three passengers on each seat at the back. According to the governor; “All non-essential services in private and public sectors are encouraged to work from home from Monday 23rd March 2020. These include civil and public servants from level 12 officers and below; except essential services like health workers, caregivers, social welfare officers, fire service officers, emergency response officers, media professionals, and security/ watchmen in public institutions. Government officials are advised to keep their phone lines open as they may be required to come to the office when needed. “No overloading of passengers in public transportation with effect from today. Commercial vehicles must ensure only one person is sitting in the front seat with the driver and not more than 3 passengers on a row in the backseat. Motorcyclists (Okadas) must carry only one passenger each to minimise close contact as much as possible. Handwashing facilities must be available at all motor parks,” he said. Fayemi noted that the 40-man Taskforce team are on top of the situation in the state, calling on residents not to panic but maintain good personal hygiene towards stemming the spread of the pandemic. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!