Authorities of the Osun State Police Command have arrested a housewife for allegedly setting ablaze her husband’s six-bedroom apartment, worth N3 million. The incident was said to have occurred on the 18th of March around Adio Ori Eru in Iwo local government area of Osun State. A credible source informed the Nigerian Tribune that her husband, identified as Lamidi Kehinde alerted the Police about the alleged arson by his second wife, Salamat Kehinde. ALSO READ: FG alerts Nigerians on existence of coronavirus ransomware According to the source, all the household properties inside the six-bedroom apartment were completely burnt by the raging fire allegedly set on the building by the enraged wife. Confirming the incident to our correspondent in Osogbo on Tuesday, the Assistant Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of Osun State Police Command, Mr Mustafa Katayeyanjue said the suspect had been arrested. He explained that no life was lost in the incident, saying the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) was already investigating the matter after which the suspect would be charged to court for prosecution. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story  Coronavirus: Panic Grips Governors Over Bauchi Gov’s Contact With Atiku’s Son Governors in the country are currently in state of panic over the decision of the Bauchi State governor, Muhammed Bala, to go into isolation following his contact with the son of the former vice president who was confirmed to have got the coronavirus by his father… Read full story  Bauchi Governor In Self-Isolation Following Contact With Atiku’s Son Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed has reportedly gone on self-isolation following contact with the son of Atiku Abubakar. Former director-general of Radio Nigeria, Ladan Salihu made the announcement via his Twitter handle. He said, “Our Governor Bala Mohammed in self-isolation following contact with Atiku… Read full story  Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story FG, States, LGs Share N581.566bn February Allocation The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC) has shared a total of N581.566 billion February 2020 Federation Account revenue to the federal, states and local government areas in the country. This was announced after a rescheduled meeting of the Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) held in Abuja… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!