Leading innovators of smart end-to-end solutions for remote asset performance management, Galooli Advanced Solutions, Nigeria, is set to further lighten the burden of business owners across Nigeria with the latest in its line of innovative products. The recently launched generator Management System, which has over 100 generating sets integrated into the system was unveiled at a meet and greet event, which held at Southern Sun, Ikoyi. At the event, the company also introduced Tamir Piatecka, the newly appointed CEO, Galooli Nigeria, to the customers and stakeholders in attendance. ALSO READ: Tambuwal inspects N400m rural road construction Speaking at the event, Piatecka noted that with the generator management System, Galooli customers in Nigeria are going to save a lot more on operation cost, especially the high cost of generating alternative power and security across remote sites for telecom companies. According to the CEO, the rationale for the innovative product is the fact that businesses in Nigeria today, spend over 57 per cent of their running cost on providing alternative electricity power.  “If you can save 25 per cent of that cost and plunge it back to your business, you will grow the business bigger.  We are giving focus to providing you with cost-saving systems and more”, he said. Aside from the generator management System, the CEO noted that Galooli, which has in the past, offered customers Remote Management System, is also offering other new products such as efficient fleet management products aimed to enable car leasing or rent companies to manage their fleets in much more efficient way. Also, another new product line, according to Piatecka is the battery trackers. For him, the product, which tracks batteries for telecom sites and big generators, solar among other heavy facilities, is necessary because the electricity problem in Nigeria opens a big market for battery business, as well, high rate of battery theft across the sites in remote places. Also speaking on the innovative fleet and battery tracker, Festus Agbonifo, Director of Sales and Business Development, Galooli Nigeria, said that the products have enabled clients to monitor their fleets, drivers, facilities among others as the system reports activities at different sites, collect data and information that enable clients to curb sabotage, cut cost and run more profitable. “What Galooli systems provide you is not just the visibility but the actual consumption of your asset. As we speak, we are also fully integrated into solar systems,” he shared. He also urged customers to patronise the Generator Management System because of the strength of over 100 generating sets integrated into the system, efficiency is guaranteed regardless of the model and the competitive pricing of the system. For the customers, Galooli is the right partner for the huge cost it has saved them through the innovative products. Dr Goodluck Eniamakpokpo of Egomatics Project Solutions confessed that with Galooli’s solutions, his company was able to cut down the cost of their diesel from 57 per cent to 27 per cent, which positively impacted their bottom-line. He noted that the solution has also helped telecommunication companies to monitor and safeguard their base stations, and untimely improving on their services. In her testimony, Ruth Nwigwe of C&I Leasing noted that Galooli system offers her company easy access to data on tracking their fleets, drivers, reducing cost and ensuring overall efficiency. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN