The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning. This was just as the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) told Nigerians to desist from self-medication over the coronavirus as the World Health Organisation (WHO) has not approved chloroquine for the management of coronavirus. The Lagos State government, through the Senior Special Assistant (SSA) on Health, Dr. Oreoluwa Finnih was quoted by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Gboyega Akosile, as saying that some hospitals in the state are now treating patients who took too many quantities of chloroquine, leading to poisoning. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Worshippers desert Egbeda, Shasha mosques She, therefore, urged residents of the state to desist from the massive consumption of chloroquine in the hope of curing coronavirus, adding that the best to do is to visit hospitals. According to Akosile in his twitter handle @gboyegaakosile: Please note: Hospitals Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Gov @jidesanwoolu’s SSA on Health, Dr @Oreoluwa_Finnih. She urged people against massive consumption of Chloroquine as a measure to fight #coronavirus.” Please note: Hospitals Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Gov @jidesanwoolu's SSA on Health, Dr @Oreoluwa_FinnihShe urged people against massive consumption of Chloroquine as a measure to fight #coronavirus. pic.twitter.com/Q4vLS79KUs — gboyega akosile (@gboyegaakosile) March 20, 2020   Also, the NCDC has told Nigerians to desist from taking self-medication for treatment of coronavirus as it may cause harm and lead to death. The NCDC in its twitter handle on Friday said: “@WHO has NOT approved the use of chloroquine for #COVID19 management. Scientists are working hard to confirm the safety of several drugs for this disease. “Please DO NOT engage in self-medication. This will cause harm and can lead to death.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!