Some churches in Ondo State, on Sunday, complied with the state government directive of not having more than 50 worshippers during any of their services, to serve as part of measures to curb the spread of coronavirus in the state. While there was partial compliance in some churches, some churches ignored the directive and held service as usual without adjusting and altering their service. In most of the churches visited by our correspondent, it was noticed that hand sanitisers were provided for their members while hand washing basin was provided at the entrance of the churches. At the Sacred Heart Catholic Cathedral Akure, there was no hand sanitisers or handwashing basin at the entrance of the church, with no alteration in the sitting arrangement At the Province 9, headquarters of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Akure, hand washing basin were placed at the entrance and hand sanitisers are applied while a church worker monitors those coming in and out of the church to comply with the use of the sanitisers. The Pastor in charge of the church, Pastor Sule Christopher, said the members of the church have been properly educated on coronavirus and ways to avoid the spread. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Kogi donates sanitisers, soaps, buckets, others as churches defy stay at home directive He said: “Many of our programmes have been suspended. Prayer meetings have been suspended, vigil has been suspended and many other programmes that will require large crowd have been put on hold until further notice “We will only be meeting during bible study. People that attended bible study are few. We will always take precaution procedure. “We have some doctors around us. We invited a doctor to address the congregation on what to do. We need to stay in clean environment and ensure the safety of our members.” Similarly, at the St Thomas Anglican Church, Akure, worshippers washed their hand and use the hand sanitiser before being allowed into the church. Members of the church were advised against shaking hands, just as there was special sitting arrangements to avoid body contact. In one of the Cherubim and Seraphim Church along Irese road in Akure, the Prophet in charge of the church, Prophet Niyi Agbetuyi, said the church would provide hand washing basin and sanitisers at the next church service. “We encourage our members to know that coronavirus is real. We informed them about hygiene to maintain to avoid coronavirus. We made sure we follow the government order.” At the First Baptist Church, three services were conducted within two hours, while the head Pastor, Rev Olajide Amos, said it was designed to ensure that attendance does not exceed 40 members. “We thank the Ondo Governor for the steps taken to curtail spread of the coronavirus. “We wanted to cancel church service but we decided to obey government instruction by holding three services instead of two. We made the members stay two two in a seat. “The three services did not last up to three hours. They were briefed. We started by 7 am and finished before 10 am. We bought many sanitisers and pray for the country and Nigerians not to contest the election. We normally have two services on Sundays.” Interim Head of Mountain of Fire Ministries, Kayode Kolawole, said the members were sceptical about attending Sunday service attending service on Sunday. “The statement of the government was not categorical and our members were not sure whether to attend Sunday service or not. They sceptically came to see if service will hold. “We were prepared for our members. We got directives from our headquarters in Lagos. We provided sanitisers and wash hand basin. The sitting arrangement is as if they want to write JAMB examination.” At the Winners Chapel, Akure, only one service was held as early as 7 am while many members were taken aback when told that service has ended by 8 am The state government, had in a statement signed by Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Donald Ojogo, directed that crowds should be regulated until further notice. The statement stated that: “Churches and Mosques with large crowds are advised strongly to break into more worship syndicates(services). This is to curtail excessive physical contacts. “That people should avoid the use of common cups and chalice in the case of Churches, for drinking. In this regard, it is advised that disposable cups must suffice, if at all.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!