The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has doused the tension emanated from the news that he had gone into self-isolation over the deadly coronavirus. Fayemi urged Ekiti citizens not to panic over the development, saying he took the precautionary measures to prevent the spread of the pandemic. The governor said the action became imperative having gone in contact with those tested positive to the pandemic, including Chief of Staff to the president, Abba Kyari and the Bauchi State governor, Bala Mohammed. Fayemi had earlier, on Wednesday, broke the news on his twitter handle that he had self-isolated, following the startling and shocking revelation that some top presidential aides and his colleague governors had tested positive to the virus. The governor wrote: ” I just took a COVID-19 test, having gone into self-isolation since Tuesday evening. I am asymptomatic and feel well, but I was in a meeting with two people who had since tested positive. I look forward to an all-clear and have encouraged all my colleagues to take the test.” ALSO READ: PHOTOS: COVID-19: Air Force airlifts medical materials donated by Chinese billionaire from Lagos to Abuja But Fayemi who spoke through his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, on Wednesday said, “No cause for alarm, I just took this step as a normal precautionary measure.” ” With the circumstance will find ourselves today, every citizen must engage in personal hygiene and take actions that can help us overcome this challenge and that exactly I have done. “I had gone in contact with those having suspected cases and I felt I have to do this to help the situation,” he said. Fayemi urged the citizens to abide by the directive on social distancing and hand washing to safeguard the state from the widespread virus. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  Lagos Markets To Shut Down On Friday Lagos markets, offices, showrooms, and warehouses operating under the umbrella of Market Leaders and Traders Association of Nigeria, Lagos Chapter, will shut down, on Friday, over the raging coronavirus epidemic. In a statement issued this morning and signed by Comrade Christopher Okpala and Comrade… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!