Following the sack of old directors, the new management of Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has appointed four new coordinating directors (CD) and two group leads (GL) in acting capacity. A statement from the service on Wednesday disclosed that the former directors were sacked after they had spent eight years in office. ALSO READ: We have commenced contact tracing for confirmed case of COVID-19 in Osun, says Oyetola “FIRS Board took this decision at its Emergency Meeting No. 2. held on Friday, March 20, 2020, during which it also approved the retirement of all directors “who have served for eight years and above as directors in the Service, in line with Para 10.1(a)(iii) of Human Resources Policy and Programmes (HRPP)” of the FIRS statute, according to a memorandum from the Office of the Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr Muhammad Nami.” The statement named the newly appointed CD as Dr Asheikh Maidugu who is now CD/Executive Chairman’s Group; Mr Olufemi Oladeji Oluwaniyi, CD/Tax Operations Group; Mr Innocent Chinyere Ohagwa, CD/General Services Group; and Mr Ezra Usman Zubairu, CD/Enforcement Support Group. The Group Leads (GL) are Mrs Faosat Oguniyi, Compliance Support Group; and Ms Chiaka Okoye, Digital Support Group. The new appointments take immediate effect and will subsist for six months.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES VIDEO: Bauchi Governor, Bala Mohammed, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Bauchi governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested positive for coronavirus. This is according to a release by the Bauchi State government, signed by Senior Special Assistant (Media), Mukhtar Gididado. The statement made public on Tuesday contained that, “this is to inform the general public that the result of the six… See the video  Lagos Markets To Shut Down On Friday Lagos markets, offices, showrooms, and warehouses operating under the umbrella of Market Leaders and Traders Association of Nigeria, Lagos Chapter, will shut down, on Friday, over the raging coronavirus epidemic. In a statement issued this morning and signed by Comrade Christopher Okpala and Comrade… Read full story  FG Alerts Nigerians On Existence Of Coronavirus Ransomware The Federal Government has alerted Nigerians to the existence of an Android-based malicious and fraudulent Coronavirus Ransomware Application, which claims to provide updates on the virus and infections near the user. In a statement issued in Abuja on Tuesday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji… Read full story  COVID-19: Osun Senator Goes Into Self-Isolation After Returning From Trip To UK As the global community battle to contain the spread of covid-19, the lawmaker, representing Osun Central Senatorial District in National Assembly, Senator Ajibola Basiru had gone into self-isolation after a trip to the United Kingdom. Basiru in his tweet handle was reacting to the letter forwarded to the leadership of… Read full story  Buhari Expresses Grief Over Killing Of Soldiers President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, expressed “profound grief and sorrow’’ over the loss of soldiers who were ambushed by terrorists in Gorgi Village, Borno State. A statement issued in Abuja by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), said… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!