On Tuesday, March 10, 200 graduates of Samzuga Empowerment Academy received business grants ranging from N100,000 to N1 million in Yola, Adamawa State. This is in accordance with Bishop Sam Zuga’s vision of 02-02-2020, to raise 100 Nigerian millionaires before the end of the year 2020. Bishop Sam Zuga of House of Joy Ministry, had, last week, established the empowerment academy to further educate and train beneficiaries of his soft loans on how to invest wisely in any kind of business. The school was established to basically teach financial intelligence and how not to fail in any kind of business they may be getting into. All the training, which covered a wide range of skills acquisitions in various areas were free of charge. Business experts were present to train and properly guide the students through. During the presentation, the philanthropic cleric stated that the money was given to them, according to what they applied for and how effective they could be with the grant. ALSO READ: ‘How poor pricing, infrastructure deficit worsen Nigeria’s CNG investment’ Expressing his fulfillment, lifting youths out of poverty and making Nigeria a better nation, Bishop Samzuga voiced his advice to all the students that got the grant, saying: “I feel joyous this afternoon and see a better and brighter future for Nigeria and Africa. Prepare your minds for a better tomorrow. What we are starting here today would become a pattern and formula for the transformation of the nation. We have Christians and Muslims here because we don’t discriminate. What we are doing is to give the youths a focus. Once you start your respective businesses, you must avoid violence. You can’t have development where there’s no peace. This is very important, so you can be doing your businesses in a conducive environment. 95 percent of the crisis across the globe are religious-based. Asides the finance, here we are also training you on how to be an important person to society and your religion. I am here to solve a problem and the best way to solve a problem is to identify it first. The problem of man is inside man. Only man can solve the problems of man. I should be that man that would solve the problems of man. You’re created to solve the existing problem of man and not the other way round. You now know what to do. You understand financial intelligence, how to set your priority right. Then you also have mentors attached to you. All of you must become millionaires in a short time.” Bishop Sam Zuga has successfully established several companies and organizations, home and abroad set to address the issue of unemployment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS