United States chartered aircraft has landed at the International wing of the Murtala Muhammed Airport with 35 persons onboard. Those onboard the flight were said to be American nationals working with the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). After undergoing thorough screening by the officials of the Port Health at the airport, the Americans departed the Lagos Airport on a chartered flight to Calabar, Cross Rivers State. The flight according to information gathered, was another special flight granted by the Federal Government to operate into the country after the suspension slammed on all international flights including commercial and private jets due to the ongoing widespread of COVID-19 plague. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Chinese group donates counter-coronavirus medical protection materials to Bauchi govt The letter seeking for permission by the US to operate the special flight was earlier sent to Nigeria’s ministry of aviation for approval which was subsequently communicated to the aviation agencies to allow smooth facilitation of the flight. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Abba Kyari And His COVID-19 PATIENTS are afraid of contracting the disease from doctors; doctors are afraid of getting infected by patients. It is a perfect medical standoff certain to breed a disaster. How does a country handle this? Yet, it is a war foretold but our cripple ignored the clear warnings… Read full article Century-Old Vaccine Investigated As Weapon Against Coronavirus A vaccine that has been used to prevent tuberculosis is being given to health-care workers in Melbourne to see if it will protect them against the coronavirus. The bacillus Calmette-Guerin, or BCG, the shot has been used widely for about 100 years, with a growing appreciation for its off-target benefits… Read full story (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed Immediate Payment Of Two-Month Conditional Cash Transfers “For the most vulnerable in our society, I have directed that the conditional cash transfers for the next two months be paid immediately. Our Internally displaced persons will also receive two months of food rations… Read full text