Indication has emerged on Tuesday that the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has yielded grounds to some of the individuals pushing for his removal. The former Edo State governor announced to newsmen shortly after the meeting of the National Working Committee that the suspension order on Senator Lawan Shuaibu and Aminu Abdulkadir, deputy national chairman, North and the National vice chairman, North-West, respectively. He said it was in the spirit of the reconciliation drive to accommodate all members of the party. He said: “People have issues which they feel strongly about, and as a result the NWC took some decisions which affected my friend and brother, Senator Lawan Shuaibu, Deputy National Chairman North. The NWC had a reason for suspending him as at then. “Today we have reviewed the situation and we believe that in the spirit of our renewed commitment to build unity and true reconciliation, we as leaders of the party elected at the convention should live by example. “And that means for those we think have offended the system, we have chosen to lift their suspensions. Senator Lawan Shuaibu can resume his duties as Deputy National Chairman, North. ALSO READ: FG approves creation of Police studies institute to enhance professionalism “We also reviewed the matter of Inuwa Abdulkadir, National Vice Chairman, Northwest. By the same spirit, the NWC was unanimous in lifting the suspension and he resumes work with immediate effect. So, with these two decisions, the two members of the NWC who were suspended, their suspensions have now been lifted. “I have asked everyone and they have accepted, whatever they consider to be my own shortcomings, I have asked for forgiveness and they have forgiven and whatever I considered to be anyone’s shortcoming that irritated me, I have also forgiven. This is the way it should be. It can only be abnormal if people know how to fight and they do not know how to settle.” Comrade Oshiomhole further revealed that all aggrieved party chieftains who are members of the National Working Committee and the National Executive Committee have been directed to withdraw pending cases from courts. “We have also resolved that we are going to withdraw all cases in court that any member of the NEC is involved in so that we must lead by example and we have shown that we are capable of managing ourselves and therefore we do not need the minister to help us resolve what we are capable of resolving.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!