The House of Representatives is set to pass through Second and Third Reading the Emergency Economic Stimulus bill 2020. Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila disclosed this after the opening of the Tuesday plenary session. He also announced the resolve of the House to shutdown plenary till further notice, as part of measures aimed at containing the spread of the coronavirus pandemic in the country. He said: “The House intends to shut down today but before shutting down it is imperative to take two items for today and leave something for the Nigerian people.” According to him, the House will consider a motion of urgent public importance on the need for Federal Government to take proactive measure to contain the speak of COVID-19 as well as pass-through Second and Third reading the Emergency Economic Stimulus bill 2020 to run till December 31st 2020. ALSO READ: COVID-19: ActionAid Nigeria calls on FG to lock down the country The Speaker who did not wear nose mask while entering the chamber along with other Principal Officers described the prevailing situation as “funny but not also funny.” On his part, the Deputy Speaker, Hon. Idris Wase wore nose mask while accompanying the Speaker into the chamber while the Clerk of the House, Mr Patrick Giwa also wore Nose mask while on duty. Some of the lawmakers who wore Nose mask include Hon. Ossai Nicholas Ossai. To this end, the Speaker stressed the need to suspend all the relevant rules of the House and shut down by 12.30 pm. Meanwhile, all unaccredited visitors were barred from gaining entrance into the gallery of the House of Representatives chambers in the bid to maintain the social distance. Details later…  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES You Cannot Close Down Schools And Ask Parents To Go To Work, Aisha Buhari Tells Governors The First lady of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari has stated that isolating students and expecting parents to go to work can be counterproductive. She stated that there is no point of shutting down schools and expecting parents to still go to work as this could also expose the parents to the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!