Yobe State Governor Maimalla Buni has assured his people that his government will do anything in his power to combat the raging coronavirus so that it doesn’t consume them. Buni in a release by his spokesman Mamman Mohammed noted that to stem the tide of Corona which is already in northern Nigeria, his government has created a well-equipped isolation centre to manage all cases in case it enters Yobe. The release further noted that the Governor has directed the state ministry of health to remain vigilant and proactive on Corona which has already penetrated the Nigerian territory. The Governor assured the government’s full support and cooperation in the fight against the scourge which has reached a pandemic level nationally. The release noted that Governor Buni urged the people of the young state to report any suspected case in their communities for urgent medical attention. He also directed the people to adhere to medical advises and the ongoing personal hygiene mantra of constant hand washing to prevent transmission of the pandemic by residents. Yobe Gov Buni has also flagged up a statewide sensitization campaign in Damaturu to further raise awareness on the deadly virus which has started killing Nigerians. The Governor hinted that “as a people of faith, we should avoid unnecessary panic and pray for Allah to see us through this trying moment. We should keep faith that we shall overcome this challenge.” ALSO READ: KolaDaisi, Lead City varsities, Ibadan Poly shut down academic activities If Corona ever creeps into Yobe and Borno, it may be a double tragedy for the political leadership already facing insurgency on one side and now Corona on another side especially as it would affect the management of internally displaced people IDPs. Ecobank Shuts Abuja Branch After Customer Dies From Coronavirus Ecobank Nigeria, on Monday, said it has temporarily closed its Wuse II, Abuja branch. This was announced in a statement released by the bank. According to the statement, the first victim of coronavirus to die visited the Abuja branch on March 12, 2020. However, according to the bank, at the time of… Read full story FG, States, LGs Share N581.566bn February Allocation The Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC) has shared a total of N581.566 billion February 2020 Federation Account revenue to the federal, states and local government areas in the country. This was announced after a rescheduled meeting of the Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) held in Abuja… Read full story  FG Orders Civil Servants On Levels 1 To 12 To Work From Home, Officers Who Travelled Recently To Self-Isolate As part of measures to curtail the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government on Monday night directed all its non-essential civil servants from grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home from Tuesday. This was contained in a circular issued by the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs, Folasade… Read full story  BREAKING: Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  Northern Youths Begin Sanusi For President Campaign The 2023 presidential campaign for the deposed Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi kicked off in Kaduna at the weekend. Addressing journalists in Kaduna, the national coordinator of the ‘Sanusi Lamido Sanusi project 2023: All Nigerian Youth Projects’, Suleiman Shuaibu Shinkaffi, appealed to all other Nigerians… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  NIGERIANTRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!