Ahead of 2023 general elections, a pan–Yoruba group, Yoruba United Front (YUF),  has called on the people of the South- West to be wary of the deposed Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, saying his antecedents had exposed him as an ethnic bigot and an arch hater of the Yoruba people. YUF gave this caution in a release issued on Sunday and jointly signed by its national president, Alhaji Raimi Ali and national secretary, Deacon Samuel Aderanti, respectively, saying it was surprising that Sanusi who had earlier declared the Yoruba as the problem of Nigeria would now find it convenient to seek asylum in Lagos. The group, while giving the warning to Yoruba leaders and politicians to be wary of the antics of Sanusi, said the deposed Emir Sanusi had a puzzling and dubious mission to achieve, wondering why he had to choose Lagos and not Kaduna or any northern city. ALSO READ: COVID-19: First Lady wants total shutdown “What does Sanusi really want? That is the question every right-thinking Yoruba person should be asking and why is he taking Yoruba land as a place of refuge now that he has a problem with his kinsmen? YUF queried. “The Yoruba people will never forget the diatribes of Sanusi who excoriated the icons of Oduduwa land in a 1999 speech where he described the entire Yoruba leadership as an ‘Area Boy’  institution. “He lambasted revered Yoruba leaders in petty, bitter, tribalistic usages. He even claimed that Alhaji Shehu Shagari was overthrown in 1983 because Chief Awolowo lost the presidency! “It is rather ironic, sickening and absolutely unacceptable that this same Sanusi will choose the Yoruba heartland which he once condemned in the most violent language as a place of succour when his own people have disowned him. We urge our people to be wary of this man whose agenda and purpose are puzzling and dubious. “We hereby warn Yoruba leaders not to allow Sanusi who is an ethnic bigot to systematically build a Fulani camp in Lagos. We should be wary and ask him what exactly he wants in Yoruba land. “Those Yoruba lackeys rushing to visit him either in form of old school students association or whatever form should remember Sansui’s past, his hatred of anything Yoruba and should realise that Sanusi is a rabid, radical Islamist and should not be treated as a pan Nigerian patriot,“ the group warned. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!