THE Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria, COREN, has granted full accreditation to four engineering programmes being run by the Federal University Oye-Ekiti (FUOYE). The approval was contained in a letter dated 19th March, 2020, signed by the registrar of the council, Professor Joseph Odigure, and addressed to the vice chancellor of FUOYE, Professor Kayode Soremekun. The programmes granted full accreditations include Civil Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering and Metallurgical and Material Engineering. The council recently paid an assessment visit to the university in line with the accreditation procedure. COREN said that the full accreditation commenced from 26 February, 2020. It, however, said that it would conduct post-accreditation visit to the university. “There will be post-accreditation visit to the programmes within the period of these programmes accreditation validity to check on the state of facilities, personnel etc. “Accreditation may be withdrawn if there is clear evidence of falling standard,” the letter reads. While urging the management of the FUOYE to adhere strictly to the recommendations in its report, the council said that the approval granted the university will last for five years. Atiku Abubakar’s Son Tests Positive For Coronavirus One of the sons of former vice president Atiku Abubakar has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Atiku who revealed this via his verified Twitter account on Sunday night his son has been transferred to the Gwagwalada Specialist Teaching Hospital in Abuja for the treatment… Read full story  FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!