A housewife, Zainab Abdullahi, has dragged her estranged husband, Usman Abdullahi, a vulcanizer, to a Sharia Court in Magajin Gari, Kaduna, Kaduna State, alleging that he gives her only N300 for the upkeep of their eight children. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the woman, who resides at Rigasa in Kaduna, also said that her husband had abandoned her for three years and does not pay their house rent which is N35,000. “I and my eldest son who is 22-years-old do contribute and pay our house rent.  My husband doesn’t take care of us. I am praying the court to terminate our marriage if he refuses to change,” she said. The defendant, Abdullahi, however, told the court that he was trying his best to take care of his family based on his daily earnings. “Sometimes I give them N900 per day but when there is not much work, I give them N700, N400 or N300. I will now try hard to be giving them N1,000,” he said. The judge, Murtala Nasir, after listening to both parties, ordered the defendant to take full responsibility of his family. He adjourned the case and ordered the defendant to start sleeping in his wife’s room for the period of the adjournment, to see the changes he would make.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Coronavirus: We Must Provide Relief Before Lockdown, Lawan Urges FG • Insists on NASS committees’ monitoring of N6.5 billion for NCDC As the Federal Government considered total lockdown to combat the spread of the pandemic, coronavirus, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has called on the Federal Government to immediately put in place measures to guarantee relief for poor Nigerians whose daily livelihood would be affected as a result of… Read full story  Air France Airlifts 260 French Citizens Out Of Nigeria Air France airline has begun to airlift French citizens from Nigeria. The evacuation which kicked off following the approval given by the Federal Government to an earlier request by the Air France General Manager in Nigeria, Michel Colleau, saw about 260 nationals of the country being evacuated out of Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story  COVID-19: Abba Kyari Undergoing Treatment In Secured Facility ― FG •SGF Boss Mustapha, health minister, Perm Sec test negative The Federal Government finally opened up on Thursday on the state of health of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari who tested positive to COVID-19, after returning from a trip to Germany and Egypt and interacted fully with top government officials at the Presidency and Nigeria power circle… Read full story  Coronavirus: Nigeria Records 14 New Cases Thursday, Total Now 65 14 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed on Thursday, bringing the total number of Nigerians with the virus to 65, as at 8.35 pm. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), 12 were Lagos cases while the remaining two were in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)… Read full story  COVID-19: Founder Of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu Donates N1 Billion To Support Nigeria’s Response To strengthen national response to COVID-19 in Nigeria, industrialist and founder of BUA Group, Abdul Samad Rabiu, has announced a donation of N1 billion in cash through the BUA Foundation, and has also placed an order for an additional donation of equipment and medical supplies including testing kits and… Read full story 