It has been further confirmed that Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir and his family members who were with him on the flight to Bauchi are on isolation and will remain so for the required number of days for confirmation. State Commissioner of Health, Dr. Aliyu Maigoro who gave the confirmation on Monday after a special meeting of the State Executive Council (SEC) also said that the state has so recorded zero cases of Coronavirus disease. While addressing Journalists the Commissioner said that the result of the test of the state governor will be released within 24 hours explaining that all members of the family of the Governor alongside his officials who were on his entourage for his recent visit to Lagos State are also in self-isolation. He further said that the officials will remain in self-isolation to avoid spreading the virus and appealed to the citizens of the state to ensure regular hand washing as preventive ways of infectious disease. ALSO READ: UPDATE: ASUU begins nationwide indefinite strike On the outbreak of Lassa fever in the state, the Health Commissioner said that the state government is working round the clock to overcome the situation, noting that, so far only 2 Local Government Areas reportedly confirmed with the Lassa fever cases. On his part, the State Commissioner for Environment and Housing, Hamisu Muazu Shira said the State Executive Council has approved the construction of the 2500 housing units in the state as contained in a statement by Muktar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media to the Governor. Workers’ Salaries In Jeopardy As Oil Price Tumbles Again •FAAC meeting deadlocked as states reject amount presented for sharing AS another economic recession looms in the wake of the global Covid-19 pandemic, there are very present fears among workers of the 36 state governments over the ability of their governments to continue to pay their salaries. On Friday, Brent crude futures fell $1.49 or 5.2%, to settle at $26.98 a barrel. United States crude… Read full story Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story Man With Coronavirus Stayed In Ibadan For Two Weeks Undetected ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government announced Wednesday evening that a man who tested positive for coronavirus stayed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital for two weeks before moving to Ekiti State where his status was confirmed. The disclosure created apprehension across Ibadan and Ekiti state where the extensive trace of… Read story FACT CHECK: Does Gargling Salt Water, Vinegar Or Warm Water Kill Coronavirus? CLAIM: Coronavirus before it reaches the lungs, it remains in the throat for four days and at this time, the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!