Management of the Kwara State University (KWASU), Malete, has closed the institution until further notice due to COVID-19 pandemic. According to a statement signed by the acting registrar of the university, Mohammed A. Shuaib, the closure followed a directive by the Federal Government through the National Universities Commission (NUC) to vice-chancellors of the nation’s universities. The statement reads: “This is to inform the entire University Community (both staff and students) that as part of measures to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID – 19) in the country, the Federal Government through the  National Universities Commission (NUC) has directed Vice-Chancellors of Nigerian Universities to close their Institutions for one month with effect from Monday, March 23, 2020. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Lagos bans religious, social gatherings of over 20 people “Consequently, the acting Vice-Chancellor on behalf of the Senate of this University has approved the closure of the University until further notice. “All members of staff and students are hereby implored to continue to observe high personal hygiene and also abide by all other preventive measures as announced by the relevant agencies of Government.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story  Edmund Obilo, Popular Ibadan Broadcast Journalist, Quarantined At UCH Over Coronavirus Popular Ibadan-based broadcast journalist, Edmund Obilo, is currently on admission at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, quarantined on suspicion of being a coronavirus case. A source close to Edmund Obilo told Tribune Online that the journalist was admitted on Thursday evening following… Read full story  Five Out Of Six South-West States Backed Ajimobi As APC Deputy National Chairman, Says Oshiomhole The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshionhole, has dismissed the protest of the Ekiti State chapter of the party over the appointment of former Oyo State governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, as the Deputy National Chairman (South), saying that the majority of the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!