Following the 14-day lockdown directive by President Muhammadu Buhari, with effect from March 30, 2020, the Acting President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Monica Dongban-Mensem has directed that all pending cases before the Abuja, Lagos and Ogun states divisions of the Court of Appeal should be put on hold in compliance with the lockdown directive of the president. In a statement she personally signed and made available to newsmen on Tuesday, the Acting Appeal Court President said all proceedings in states not mentioned in the presidential lockdown directive shall continue in line with the directive of the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Tanko Muhammad. The CJN had, in the directive contained in a circular dated March 23, 2020, directed all heads of courts to suspend all courts activities in the country temporarily. Tribune Online reports that he closure which is for an initial two weeks took effect from Tuesday, March 24, 2020. The CJN, however, said that judges can attend to pressing issues and or time-bound cases in their courts. ALSO READ: UPDATE: NERC halts plan to effect transition to cost-reflective tariff Meanwhile, Justice Dongban-Mensem called on the Bar and the Bench to adhere strictly to the guidelines on social distancing by the National Center for Disease Control. “Counsel and litigants present in court should be limited to 20 persons maximum at all times,” she said and made case for the use of online communication as much as practicable to ameliorate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. “All Justices and staff members of the Court of Appeal are enjoined to support the efforts of the federal government by observing all guidelines,” she said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Appoints Osinbajo As Chairman, Economic Sustainability Committee President Muhammadu Buhari has set up an Economic Sustainability Committee with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as chairman. He has also okayed financial services providers to operate during the restriction on movements and activities that he imposed on Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States to curtail the spread of coronavirus… Read full story