Contrary to insinuations in some quarters that the governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, who on Monday, tested positive to COVID-19, contacted the disease at a zonal rally of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) held in Ibadan, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Taiwo Adisa, has said that his boss did not contract the disease at the much-talked-about PDP unification rally. The governor’s spokesman, who spoke to Silverbird Television on Tuesday, explained that there was no known incident of COVID-19 as of the time the rally was held. He said: “The issue of the governor being said to have contacted COVID-19 at the March 18 PDP Southwest zonal unification rally doesn’t come to play because there was no known incident of the virus in Oyo State at that time. Also, the governor didn’t have any symptom(s) as of that time. “At the time that the rally was held, there was no known case of the COVID-19 and after the rally, Governor Makinde actually put out a message to indicate that if he had got a hint of the existence of coronavirus in the state an hour to the rally, he would have cancelled the event. He took responsibility for holding the rally. “So, we can’t afford to politicise the issue of COVID-19. It is beyond politics,” he said. Adisa, who noted that the only plausible case of exposure that Governor Makinde had to coronavirus was when he attended the National Economic Council (NEC) meeting on March 19, 2020, a day after the Ibadan rally, said that indeed, all governors who attended that meeting were advised to self-isolate and undergo testing after one of the attendees tested positive to the virus. He said: “The Nigerian Governors’ Forum had a meeting on March 18 and Governor Makinde joined his colleagues on March 19 for the National Economic Council (NEC) meeting. He had contacts with people that have now tested positive to the virus. So, we should not politicise an issue like this.” Adisa warned individuals trying to politicise the governor’s case to desist from doing so and look for ways of supporting the efforts to stop the spread of the virus. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Appoints Osinbajo As Chairman, Economic Sustainability Committee President Muhammadu Buhari has set up an Economic Sustainability Committee with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as chairman. He has also okayed financial services providers to operate during the restriction on movements and activities that he imposed on Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States to curtail the spread of coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Governor Makinde Tests Positive, Explains How He Got Infected •Says I remain in self-isolation •Oyo State releases index case after treatment Oyo State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde on Monday confirmed he has tested positive to the rampaging coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19. The governor who tweeted via his personal handle @seyiamakinde on Monday, said that he was asymptomatic and would remain in isolation... Read full story Buhari Signs COVID-19 Regulation, 2020 President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday signed the COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, which declared COVID-19 an infectious disease. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja explained that this is in the exercise of the powers conferred on the president by… Read full story TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: Yet Another Loss From Boko Haram Ambush LAST week, the military high command confirmed the attack on troops by Boko Haram terrorists which led to the death of 47 soldiers in Gorgi, Yobe State. Blaming the massacre on residents of the area, the Coordinator of the Directorate of Defence Media Operations (DDMO), Major-General John Enenche, stated that the slain… Read full article OPINION: Of Coronavirus, Fake News And Charity THE coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, that started in Wuhan, China, late last year has spread to many countries of the world. Coronavirus cases have crossed 330,000, while more than 14,000 deaths have been reported across the world as Europe becomes the new omphalos of coronavirus… Read full article Ondo Blast Victims: How We Escaped Death, Lost Properties A loud explosion that shook houses in the wee hours of Saturday, and violently roused the people of Akure and its environs, left about 70 houses and vehicles badly damaged, while 13 people sustained injuries… Read full story 33-Year-Old Okeho General Hospital Becoming Economic Waste The Okeho General Hospital in Kajola Local Government Area of Oyo State is one of the oldest in the state. It was designed to meet not only the primary but also the secondary health needs of people in Okeho town and environs. However, like most government hospitals across the country and despite the attention… Read full story Eight Strains Of Coronavirus Are Circling The World, Scientists Say At least eight strains of the coronavirus are making their way around the globe, creating a trail of death and disease that scientists around the world are tracking by their genetic footprints… Read full article