Decades after the suspension of registration of cattle, sheep and goats coming from neighbouring countries, the federal government had disclosed plans to reintroduce the policy to curb the spread of livestock diseases across the country. The government also revealed plans to review government  policies with regards to the movement of cattle’s, sheep’s and goats, between Nigeria and neighboring countries. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono while speaking at the inauguration of the governing council of the Nigerian Veterinary Council 5 years after the previous one was disbanded, noted “as a ministry, we are taking steps to reintroduce the registrations of cattle and sheep coming into the country. It was done 50 – 60 years ago and we can even track their movement across the country.  But now with all the technologies that we have, the system has collapsed but we must do something about it.” ALSO READ: Foundation constructs classrooms in Gombe secondary school Noting that Foot and Mouth disease is usually more endemic between the month of October, February and March, which is the time cattle’s, sheep’s and goats move from the North to the South, Nanono charged the veterinarians to be more proactive in responding to disease. The Minister said “this is a very serious problem and I think we need to be more up doing to limit the damage of our livestock. More importantly, we need to be more responsive in the response time during the outbreak of diseases. It’s being extremely slow and I think we must correct that.” Nanono further revealed that the ministry was in the process of presenting funding request to Federal time Council to tackle pest and diseases across the country, saying as soon as they get approval they would immediately swing into action to ensure we contain this diseases. He also pointed out that the sector has been witnessing an increasing  investment in the last 5-6years, he said: “As veterinarians, you must be interested that a lot of development is coming into the sector, and you start thinking of how to key into the development that is coming into the country.” He also tasked the governing board of the council to help tackle adulteration of veterinary products which he said he has being a victim causing him to lose about eleven bulls within the space of 30minutes. He said “We are facing a serious problem of adulteration of our product and that is why you must play a serious role. Adulteration of some veterinary product has been destructive for us in this county. I have been a victim of such, adulteration where I lost 11bulls within 30minutes.” The newly elected President of the council who is also a commissioner of police in her remark said being a police officer I can assure you that all these issues will be dealt with saying one of her campaign promises was to ensure enforcing veterinary laws, that I can assure you we will work towards. She noted that the composition of the council is made up of highly professional veterinarians, with integrity and dedication to duty, and with passion for the profession, assuring they would do the right thing by regulating the industry and conduct training of professionals that are of a high standard and can compete favourably in the international space. “The council will also collaborate effectively to ensure the actualisation of livestock development.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS