Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has expressed confidence in the Senate over its recent move to review the 1999 Constitution, even as he commended the move and that of Nasir El- Rufai-led Constitutional Reform Committee for raising the hope of Nigerians. Adams, expressed the confidence, on Thursday while speaking at the 2020 edition of Grandmothers’ Festival, organised by the Olokun Festival Foundation, held in Epe, Lagos, calling for support of the citizens for the lawmakers in their effort to review the contents of the 1999 Constitution. According to him, by undertaking the exercise, the various issues militating against the progress of Nigeria would be discussed and laid to rest. The Aare Ona Kakanfo, while commending the moves, noted that the most interesting thing about the Senate’s new plan was their intention to use the recommendations of the 2014 National Conference as the template for the review and amendment of the Constitution. ALSO READ: Pirates attack another vessel in Gulf of Guinea, board vessel Iba Adams, who was among the delegates to the 2014 National Conference, said with the new development, the 9th Assembly and El- Rufai’s team had made a significant move that would greatly impact the country positively. “I was one of the delegates at the 2014 National Conference and I know that the recommendations and reports were done in good faith and all in the interest of our dear nation. Ghana imports stone from Jerusalem for church building Nigeria’s debt rises from N12.6trillion to… LG building allegation: Sacked Chairmen scared of impending… States should be self-sustaining and economically viable ―… “The delegates were men and women of knowledge, integrity, experience and they were carefully selected from various disciplines. “However, considering the nature of our country, constitutional review or amendment is not something we can take with a pinch of salt. It affects the underlying structure of Nigeria. So it must be taken seriously. “That is why we must support the lawmakers in their effort to review the contents of the 1999 constitution. With that, I think the various issues militating against the progress of Nigeria would be discussed and laid to rest,” the A are stated. Speaking further, Adams noted that issues of security, power, and transportation were most critical to the development of a nation, saying that all over the world, businesses thrived where the security and safety of the citizens were guaranteed. He pointed out that stable and uninterrupted power supply was key to the development of every nation, noting that in South Africa, the transportation system in the country was amazing because of the effective rail stations between Johannesburg to Pretoria. ”In South Africa for example, the transportation system is amazing because of the effective rail stations between Johannesburg to Pretoria. “Nigeria is a great nation, our leaders travel abroad and they see the kind of development spreading across the United Kingdom, America, Asia, and Africa,” he said, adding: “It is now our responsibility to make sure that Nigeria is restructured, let the federating units develop at their pace.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN