The Presidency on Saturday published photographs, which appeared to show President Muhammadu Buhari, in a meeting with the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire and the Director-General of the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, at his official residence in Abuja. The publishing of the pictures followed tweets by presidential spokesman announcing that Buhari had met the two officials to receive briefings on efforts to curtail COVID-19 pandemic in the country. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Gombe govt suspends N30,000 minimum wage, slashes political appointees salaries The Personal Assistant to the President on New Media, Bashir Ahmad, initially tweeted: “President @MBuhari this afternoon, received briefings from Minister of Health, @DrEOEhanire and Director-General of @NCDCgov, Dr. @Chikwe_I as Nigeria intensifies and introduces new measures to curtail and prevent the spread of #COVID19 outbreak in the country. #COVID19Nigeria” President @MBuhari this afternoon, received briefings from Minister of Health, @DrEOEhanire and Director-General of @NCDCgov, Dr. @Chikwe_I as Nigeria intensifies and introduces new measures to curtail and prevent the spread of #COVID19 outbreak in the country. #COVID19Nigeria pic.twitter.com/N8svUAfWse — Bashir Ahmad (@BashirAhmaad) March 28, 2020  This was followed later by another tweet by Presidency Nigeria, and retweeted by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, who posted: “President @MBuhari receives #COVID19 briefing from Minister of Health @DrEOEhanire and DG @NCDCgov, @Chikwe_I at the State House | Saturday, March 28, 2020 #SocialDistancing #Coronavirus.” President @MBuhari receives #COVID19 briefing from Minister of Health @DrEOEhanire and DG @NCDCgov, @Chikwe_I at the State House | Saturday, March 28, 2020 #SocialDistancing #Coronavirus pic.twitter.com/a6kIGdQI23 — Presidency Nigeria (@NGRPresident) March 28, 2020  When contacted to authentic the tweet, the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, told Tribune Online that since it was tweeted by Ahmad, it was not likely to be fake. “Since it was tweeted by Bashir, its not unlikely that it is true. But you can contact Bashir,” he said. The tweets followed the controversy surrounding the location of the president who was reported to have tested negative to coronavirus (COVID-19) earlier in the week. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE