The National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) has ordered a nationwide shutdown of both private and public polytechnics as well as Technical Vocational Institutes as part of measures to curb the spread of the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). Executive Secretary of NBTE, Dr Masa’udu Kazaure, gave the directive in a circular dated March 20, 2020, noting that the closure intended to contain the spread of the novel Coronavirus. Tribune Online gathered that most polytechnics in the country are in the middle of semester examination, but Dr Kazaure recalled that the Federal Government had earlier directed schools to close for a period of one month with effect from Monday, March 23. He, therefore, urged the rectors and heads of Technical and Vocational Education Training Institutions (TVET) to comply immediately with the government directive. ALSO READ: [UPDATE] Coronavirus: NRC to stop passenger train services nationwide Apart from the Federal Government directive on the closure of tertiary institutions, the National Universities Commission had similarly directed Nigerian Universities nationwide to close down effective from Monday, March 23, 2020, as part of measures to curtail the spread of coronavirus pandemic in the country. The universities are to be shut for one month effective from Monday as contained in a circular from the Commission. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES  Coronavirus: We Are Now Receiving Patients Suffering From Chloroquine Poisoning, Says Lagos Govt, NCDC Cautions Nigerians The Lagos State government on Friday disclosed that following the announcement by President Donald Trump on Thursday that chloroquine can cure coronavirus, hospitals in the state has received patients suffering from chloroquine poisoning… Read full story  Don’t Treat Coronavirus Cases, It’s Highly Contagious ― FG Warns Private Hospitals • Admits influx of imported COVID-19 cases to Nigeria • Adds Austria and Sweden to high-risk travel restricted countries • Insists on self-isolation Despite the claims of its readiness and preparedness to prevent the import and spread of Coronavirus in the past few weeks; the Federal Government admitted on Friday that Nigeria is experiencing an influx of imported Coronavirus cases into the country by travelers, including returning Nigerians… Read full story  Edmund Obilo, Popular Ibadan Broadcast Journalist, Quarantined At UCH Over Coronavirus Popular Ibadan-based broadcast journalist, Edmund Obilo, is currently on admission at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, quarantined on suspicion of being a coronavirus case. A source close to Edmund Obilo told Tribune Online that the journalist was admitted on Thursday evening following… Read full story  Five Out Of Six South-West States Backed Ajimobi As APC Deputy National Chairman, Says Oshiomhole The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshionhole, has dismissed the protest of the Ekiti State chapter of the party over the appointment of former Oyo State governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, as the Deputy National Chairman (South), saying that the majority of the… Read full story  Ronaldinho Marks 40th Birthday In Jail Brazilian soccer legend Ronaldinho faces six months behind bars after his hopes of release from a fake passport rap were dashed on Friday.The party-loving former Barcelona and AC Milan superstar, famed for his lavish birthday bashes, left a court hearing in handcuffs… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!