REED Travel Exhibitions has announced that it has postponed Arabian Travel Market (ATM) to a new date billed to hold from June 28 to July 1, 2020, at the Dubai World Trade Centre in Dubai, U.A.E, a release sent to Travelpulse and MICE by the organisers reads. “We at Arabian Travel Market want to express our concern for everyone impacted by coronavirus. Like all of you, we have carefully monitored the global health crisis related to COVID-19 coronavirus. Our top priority is the health and safety of everyone involved in Arabian Travel Market; employees, partners, customers and exhibitors. “Due to the escalation of the COVID-19 epidemic around the world, after consultation with all our stakeholders, the venue management, supporting associations, and in alignment with the advice from the UAE public health authorities regarding travel to and from impacted countries, we have taken the decision to postpone our event which was due to take place on April 19-22, 2020, in Dubai World Trade Centre (DWTC). “Whilst the UAE is following the strictest medical and hygiene protocols in line with international standards, we have made this decision in the best interest of the industry to enable us to organise an event which provides effective participation and experience for all. “The announcement has been made at the earliest opportunity to give as much notice as possible to all stakeholders enabling them to make the necessary arrangements to reschedule their plans.” “We are fully aware of the important role that ATM 2020 plays for industry professionals across the Middle East region and beyond, we are grateful for the full endorsement that we have received from our customers and partners. “Moving forward, we are continuing to liaise directly with all relevant United Arab Emirates and Dubai authorities on a regular basis, whilst monitoring and complying with the World Health Organisation guidance, and rest assured we will keep you informed of any new developments as we receive them.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!