A member of the House of Representatives, representing Egbeda/Ara Federal Constituency of Oyo State, Hon Akin Alabi, has begun enlightenment campaign on COVID-19 to his constituency, where he also provided the first batch of his emergency relief package, which includes food items and hygiene products for the residents at their doorstep in order to cushion the effect of the stay at home order. Hon Alabi began a door-to-door enlightenment campaign on Saturday, to teach local residents in his constituency, especially on social distancing and self-isolation before Oyo State goes into a partial lockdown. The lawmaker stated that it has become imperative for the government to provide palliative measures for the masses in order to make them comply with the guidelines. ALSO READ: Century-old vaccine investigated as weapon against coronavirus According to Hon Alabi “This is only the first batch, we don’t know how long this will last yet, but we all know that our people need this in order to get along since we are shutting down their daily business in order to curb the spread of coronavirus” Hon Alabi said he decided to educate the residents so that they may understand the importance of slowing the spread of the disease. He provided food items like rice, beans, garri, groundnut oil and hygiene products like hand sanitizers and soaps, according to him, this programme will continue until the country is able to combat COVID-19. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Abba Kyari And His COVID-19 PATIENTS are afraid of contracting the disease from doctors; doctors are afraid of getting infected by patients. It is a perfect medical standoff certain to breed a disaster. How does a country handle this? Yet, it is a war foretold but our cripple ignored the clear warnings… Read full article (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed Immediate Payment Of Two-Month Conditional Cash Transfers “For the most vulnerable in our society, I have directed that the conditional cash transfers for the next two months be paid immediately. Our Internally displaced persons will also receive two months of food rations… Read full text