Nigeria’s 43 cabinet ministers have donated 50 per cent of their March 2020 salaries to support the Federal Government‘s efforts to combat the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in the country. In a statement issued in Abuja on Saturday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, quoted the Minister of State for Transportation, Senator Gbemisola Saraki, who coordinated the donation, as saying it was a gesture of solidarity and support for the Federal Government’s efforts to tackle the disease. ALSO READ: Investsmall: An Online Platform for Educating Nigerians on the most profitable Investments and Investing In Nigeria “This global virus outbreak will require nations, continents and smaller communities to pull together to contribute their resources and support one another. This will facilitate an early resolution of the problem,” Alhaji Mohammed further quoted Senator Saraki as saying. The ministers also commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his leadership role in addressing the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Lagos To Feed 200,000 Households For 14 Days The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will feed no fewer than 200,000 households following the COVID 19 hardship in the state. This decision came amidst concerns over the economic and social crises that may dog a lockdown of states by their governments... Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Moving In Direction Of Total Shutdown Soon ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday said he would not hesitate to shut down the state totally soon if cases of people testing positive continue in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known in a live broadcast at the State House, Marina, while giving an update of the disease, saying so far, Lagos had… Read full story Family, Police Hardly Believe Sexual Assault Victims According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in May 2018, two sisters, six and eight years old, were sexual assaulted by a man in their community in Plateau State. Though the man was arrested and the sisters received help, the sisters are still struggling to get justice, and their lives would probably not… Read full story Fans Blast Naira Marley, Zlatan Ibile Over Comments On Coronavirus Nigerian rapper, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley and his counterpart, Zlatan Ibile, received some serious bashing from twitter users on Monday when Naira Marley made a comment on the coronavirus pandemic on his twitter handle, which did not go down well with many of his followers. Coronavirus And Sex I want to know if I can catch the Coronavirus from sex. I am a sex worker and isolating myself will make… Read full story Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Tests Positive For Coronavirus Nigerian Afrobeats star, David Adeleke, also known as, Davido, has announced that his fiancee, Chioma, has tested positive for coronavirus. Chioma, according to Davido, recently returned from the… Read full story 30 Minutes Of Music A Day May Reduce Post-Heart Attack Problems New research has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day significantly reduces the risk of further heart health problems after a heart attack. A study has found that listening to 30 minutes of music a day can… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Gov Imposes Curfew, Bans Inter-State Movement From Sunday Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has imposed a dusk to dawn curfew on the state following the confirmation of two new cases of covid-19 in the state. The governor also announced the suspension of all… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE