Ahead of the Governorship election in Edo State slated for Saturday, the Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed. Abubakar Adamu on Thursday ordered the restriction of vehicular movement from 11:59 PM on Friday, 18th September to 6 pm Saturday, 19th September. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Force Public Relations Officer, FPRO, Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police DCP. The statement explained that this in line with concerted efforts at ensuring public order and safety, during the Gubernatorial election slated for Saturday, According to the statement, “the restriction order is informed by the need to prevent the free flow, circulation and use of illicit arms and hard drugs and checkmate the movement of political thugs and touts and other criminally-minded individuals especially from contiguous States from hijacking and disrupting the electoral processes. ALSO READ: Edo Police deploy 15,000 security personnel, says vote buyers will be arrested The IGP enjoined citizens to go out en-masse on the day of the election and vote, noting that the Police and other security agencies have been sufficiently mobilized to provide a safe, secure and conducive environment for the election. While regretting any inconveniences the restriction order might cause the citizens, the IGP enjoined the citizens to see the restriction as part of necessary sacrifices towards the enthronement of democracy. He, however, warned that the Force would not sit idly by and watch citizens who might want to engage in any criminal act – violent and destructive acts, snatching of ballot boxes, vote-buying, vote selling, hate speeches, and other act(s) capable of compromising the electoral processes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave?
The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria
THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari
EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com