The three Nigeria’s refineries in the space of 13 months, incurred a combined operation deficit of N148billion, a report has stated. The refineries in Warri and Portharcourt had zero production between June 2019 and June 2020 except for Kaduna that utilized 8.4 per cent of its capacity in July 2019. This was contained in the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Monthly Financial and Operations Report for June 2020. According to the report, the total sum of operation expenses (OpEx) for Warri is N43bn while Portharcourt and Kaduna refineries recorded N47.2bn and N65.2bn respectively from total revenue of N10.4billion within the period. ALSO READ: Army donates three-bedroom flat to veteran ejected from home However, in June 2020, the three refineries, according to the report, did not process any crude while the combined yield efficiency is zero per cent. It blamed this largely on the ongoing rehabilitation works in the refineries. “The declining operational performance is attributable to the ongoing revamping of the refineries which is expected to further enhance capacity utilization once completed,” it said. Also, the Corporation said it has been adopting a Merchant Plant Refineries Business Model since January 2017 stating that the model takes cognizance of the Products Worth and Crude Costs. It disclosed that the combined value of output by the three refineries (at Import Parity Price) for June 2020 amounted to approximated ₦0.04billion. “No associated crude plus freight cost for the three refineries since there was no production,” it said. It added that the operational expenses for the month amounted to ₦10.27billion; “This resulted in an operating deficit of ₦10.23billion by the Refineries.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.