A 28- year-old cashier, Hamod Oluwaseun, on Monday appeared in an Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court for allegedly stealing N500,000 belonging to his employer. The defendant, who lives at 8, Solomon Ogunshuba St., Dalemo, Ogun State, is being tried on a one-count charge of stealing. The prosecutor, ASP Raji Akeem, told the court that the offence was allegedly committed between 2019 and June 2020 at Dejol Bun Venture Limited, situated at 27, Clem Road, Ijaiye, Lagos. ALSO READ: Enugu monarch lauds gov Ugwuanyi over World Bank assisted projects Akeem alleged that during the course of auditing, N500,000 was not remitted into the company’s accounts and the defendant could not account for it. The offence, he said, contravened the provisions of Section 287 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The defendant pleaded not guilty to the charge. Chief Magistrate O. l. Adelaja admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N500,000 with two sureties in like sum. Adelaja, adjourned the case until Oct. 12 for mention. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com