We must acknowledge that a rape culture exists in Nigeria. This toxic culture has been more evident considering recent high-profile rape cases. Therefore, by acknowledging the existence of a toxic culture, we are recognising the problem in our society which is the first step towards solving the problem. Firstly, Nigerians must stop enabling rapist through victim blaming and shaming of other women. It is even more disgusting that fellow women engage in victim shaming of other women. Telling women to avoid indecent dressing to avoid rape is enabling rapists because it diverts the fault away from the actual wrongdoer: the rapist. So, let us stop that nonsense and focus on stopping rapists. It is important that we are each other’s ally to fight against rape and to get justice for victims of rape. Secondly, when we all direct our attention to shaming the perpetrators instead of the victims, we will all have contributed to fostering positive change, as this will make it easier for victims to report incidents which will help protect someone else from falling victim. We all have a social responsibility to make our streets, schools, churches, and the community saver for each other. Thirdly, it is crucial that all the good men in Nigeria also rise to condemn rape and to change the narrative that has enabled rapist and victim shaming in our society. This is particularly important to erasing the victim blaming culture which suggests that Nigerian men cannot control their sexual urges. Individuals in positions of power also have an important role to play in keeping the nation safe. Also, stop running pointless campaigns on how to avoid rape. Let us start by training our officers to stop discriminating against victims. Overall, we need to stop waiting until we are a victim or until our family and friends are victims before we do something about it. People are getting raped in church, in their own homes, both outdoors and indoors. Infants and children are getting raped Adults and the elderly are getting raped. This madness needs to stop, and the nation must rise with one unselfish voice to keep our streets safe for all. Educate yourself to understand not just what consent is but also what does not constitute consent.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CAC Ends 29-Year-Old Crisis, To Inaugurate Integration Committee The crisis that engulfed the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) Worldwide for 29years has been finally resolved as all stakeholders have united and decided to put an end to the long crisis in the foremost first generation church in Nigeria. The president of the church, Pastor Abraham Akinosun, said this during the 2020 Virtual Pastors’ Conference of the church tagged ‘God in the administration of… Election: Akeredolu Should Be Wary Of Moles In His System — Primate Ayodele Founder and spiritual head of the INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church with headquarters in Lagos, Primate Elijah Ayodele, has called on the governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu,to be wary of moles within his camp as he… No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday… 60th Independence: This Is Not The Nigeria Awo, Sardauna, Zik Envisioned, Elder Statesmen Lament AS Nigeria marks 60 years of independence from Britain as a sovereign country, elder statesmen, including Chief Ayo Adebanjo, Professor Banji Akintoye, among others and Chief Olabode George, have expressed disappointment about the current state of the nation, declaring that the country has failed to achieve the dream of its founding fathers despite the abundant resources available… Zulum Dares Boko Haram Insurgents, Observes Friday Prayer In Baga Town By Lake Chad In Spite of the attacks of the Boko Haram insurgents against the government advance party convoy of the committee set up to take willing resident to Baga town, Governor Babagana Zulum insisted on observing his Friday Juma’at prayer in Baga to send a message that he will not be deterred by the frequency… Kwara Yoruba Demands Merger With Southwest People of Kwara South senatorial district, through the Kwara South Consultative Forum (KSCF), has submitted a memorandum to the ninth National Assembly’s Committee on Review of the Nigerian Constitution, with a demand for the merging of the Yoruba of Kwara and Kogi states with their kith and kin in the… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com