Positive vibes persist at the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) with the bourse recording eighth consecutive gain on Tuesday as the benchmark index advanced by 0.39 per cent. Specifically, the All-Share Index (ASI) closed trade at 26,611.96 basis points, a seven-month high, just as the investors gain N54 billion with the market capitalisation closing at N13.908 trillion. Thus, the Month-to-Date gain increased to 5.1 per cent, while the Year-to-Date loss reduced to -0.9 per cent. ALSO READ: October 1 rallies: Again, Banji Akintoye cautions against violence Top on the list of stocks that helped the market close in green are: BUA Cement Plc, MTNN Plc, Dangote Sugar Refinery Plc and Zenith as the Exchange recorded 14 gainers as against 10 losers at the close of the trading session. Notably, all the subsector gauges tracked closed northwards; the NSE Banking, NSE Insurance, NSE Consumer Goods, NSE Oil/Gas and NSE Industrial indices advanced by 0.40 per cent, 0.24 per cent, 0.07 per cent, 0.26 per cent and 0.83 per cent respectively. Meanwhile, the total volume and value of stocks traded rose by 22.64 per cent and 12.38 per cent to 413.10 million units and N4.53 billion exchanged in 4,618 deals amid investor’s positive sentiment. Zenith Bank was the most traded stock by volume and value at 90.88 million units and N1.58 billion, respectively on Tuesday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on Saturday confirmed that he was in consultation with the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the 2023 elections. Ortom said that he had told the opposition party to allow him to make a consultation with his close allies. I have been invited to rejoin APC ― Ortom  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com