The Chairman of the Senate Committee on Defence and Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Anti-Corruption, Senator Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko, on Thursday, lost his daughter, Sadiya, at the age of 23 years. The deceased died at the Usmanu Danfodiyo University Teaching Hospital, Sokoto, following delivery complications. Her funeral prayer was conducted same night at the residence of Senator Wamakko, Sahabi Dange, road, Gawon Nama, Sokoto. The prayer was led by the Chief Imam of Sultan Bello Juma’at Mosque, Sokoto, Liman Malami Shehu Akwara. The funeral prayer was attended by Senator Wamakko, former Deputy Governor and National Commissioner, National Population Commission, Alhaji Chiso Abdullahi Dattijo, as well as another former Deputy Governor and Executive Secretary, Police Trust Fund, Alhaji Ahmed Aliyu Sokoto. Other dignitaries who attended the funeral prayer of the deceased were Magajin Garin Sokoto and Magajin Rafin Sokoto, Alhaji Hassan Danbaba and Alhaji Rilwanu Bello, respectively. Others were the Members of the State House of Assembly, led by the House Leader, Alhaji Bello Isa Ambarura, serving, former members of the National Assembly, former Commissioners, former Permanent Secretaries and former Directors General, as well as former Chairmen of local governments. The funeral prayer was also attended by the State former Head of Service, Alhaji Bature Shinkafi and the state APC Chairman, Alhaji Isa Sadiq Achida, who led other state and local governments’ executives of the party. Others who attended the funeral prayer were Sheikh Musa Lukuwa, Sheikh Ahmadu Helele, Sheikh Bashir Gidan Kanawa, Sheikh Abdulaziz Kofar Rini, Sheikh Yahuza Shehu Tambuwal and several other Islamic clerics, as well as traditional rulers, among thousands of other sympathizers. Special prayers were also offered for the repose of the soul of the deceased. The late Sadiya is survived by her parents, her husband, Tambari Yusuf Arkilla, a staff of Nigeria Ports Authority, Lagos, as well as a five-year-old daughter. She had since been buried according to Islamic rites. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…Senator Wamakko loses daughter Senator Wamakko loses daughter COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…Senator Wamakko loses daughter Senator Wamakko loses daughter Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…Senator Wamakko loses daughter Senator Wamakko loses daughter SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com