A Magistrate Court, sitting in Okuku of Odo Otin local government area of Osun State, on Tuesday ordered that a 24-year old man, identified as Lukman Tijani Opeyemi be remanded in a correctional facility. Opeyemi was docked on a seven-count charge bothering on armed robbery, stealing, murder, intent to kill, attempt to escape from custody, unlawful damage of police properties. According to the charge sheet, the Police prosecutor, ASP Mustapha Tajudeen said “you, Lukman Tijani Opeyemi on July 21, 2020, 11.00 pm, at Shekinat Area, Inisha, did arm yourself with a cutlass, screw pliers and others dangerous weapons and robbed one Oyerinde Tunde Solomon of his Wema Bank ATM card and did use it to withdraw the sum of N300,000. “That you unlawfully stabbed one Oyediran Sarah, Adeniran Toyin and Onifade favour to death. The offence contravened sections 1 subsection 1(2) subsection A&B, 319(1), 320, 509 and 451.” Presiding Magistrate O. B Adediwura ordered that the defendant be remanded in Ilesa correctional centre and adjourned the case to September 21, 2020 for mention. He also ordered the police prosecutor to duplicate the case file and send the same to the office of DPP at Abeere, Osogbo for legal advice.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’
The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report
BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year
The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… correctional facility | correctional facility | correctional facility FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.