Christian faithful have been admonished to continue to study the scripture in order to know the true nature of God. A communiqué issued at the third session of the seventh synod of Offa Diocese, Anglican Communion held at the Cathedral of Saint Mark, Offa and signed by the Bishop of the Diocese, the Right Reverend Dr. Solomon Olusola Akanbi, said that true nature of God is characterized by love. The Christian faithful were admonished to replicate the same love among people by being benevolent like caring for the aged, young ones, widows and the underprivileged in the society. The communiqué said that the unchangeable God is also a God of judgment, calling on everyone, including politicians, business tycoons and civil servants, captains of industry, leaders and followers among others to pattern their lives in accordance with the ordinances of God to avoid His (God’s) wrath. The synod, themed ‘The Unchangeable God’ (Exodus 3: 13-15), was to make people understand the uniqueness and the nature of God. The communiqué which decried the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, urged everyone to follow the NCDC guidelines in order to contain the spread of the virus, saying that prayer should also be a strong weapon to combat the virus and other diseases plaguing the country. On security, the communiqué observed that despite the efforts by government at improving the security architecture, the synod noted the high and escalating crime rate and the alarming high state of insecurity in the country such as religious fundamentalism, banditry, militancy, kidnapping, cattle rooster menace, extrajudicial and ritual killings charging the government to re-engineer the security department with all sincerity. The synod regretted the moribund nature of the educational sector characterized by underfunding and dilapidated structures while qualified teachers are retiring with no replacement, admonishing the government at all levels to declare a state of emergency in the sector as there lies the country’s posterity. The synod also noted with concern the astronomical rate of standard of living with prizes of foodstuffs  skyrocketing,  calling our churches, government and philanthropists to empower youths and needy individuals in the society through skills acquisition training. The synod also observed that the desire to get rich quick and greediness have been responsible for most scams and other social ills in the society, imploring everyone to be cautious in spending and be content with the provisions from God. The three-day programme which featured many spiritual items was graced by Bishops from other dioceses and attended by all the churches that make up the Anglican Diocese of Offa.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com