About six people were confirmed dead in a road accident which occurred along Akure/Ilesha road in Igbara-Oke in Ifedore Local Government Area of Ondo State on Wednesday evening. Seven other people were seriously injured in the accident which involved three vehicles including a Toyota Hiace bus with registration number EPE 545 YA, a truck with number plate BDG 252 XY and a Toyota Corolla car with registration number FST 768 DU. According to an eyewitness, who explained that the accident was caused by the recklessness of the drivers of the vehicles involved in the crash. ALSO READ: BREAKING: El-Rufai signs into law penal code recommending castration of child rapists Confirming the incident, the spokesperson of the Ondo State Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Mrs Tola Ogunbanwo, said the accident was caused by lack of concentration on the part of one of the drivers of the vehicles involved. She said, “The victims were taken to the General Hospital, Igbara Oke while the remains of the deceased had been deposited at the morgue of the hospital.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com