Physically challenged persons in Delta State have appealed to the government, corporate organisations and good spirited individuals to lend a helping hand to ensure their survival, lamenting neglect especially during this COVID-19 period. While lamenting that their individual challenges have always meant daily hardship for them, the outbreak of the novel virus has practically made their lives a nightmare. The disabled, visually-impaired and deaf among others made the appeal at the weekend during a media dialogue with the theme, “Impact of Climate Change and Persons With Disabilities,” organised by Persons with Disabilities Action Network (PEDANET) Nigeria with support from the Global Green Grants Fund. Some of them noted the difficulties they encounter accessing hospitals and public places including churches, government offices and even various hotels and centres of learning because they were not taken into consideration in the structuring of these public places. The Founder, Initiative for Cultural Heritage, Chief Osaemenjor Chukwuemeka in his presentation, appealed to “hospitals to assist these special citizens to cover the distressing distance they have to cover to access doctors in hospital clinics” even as he urged hospitals, hotels and public places to be more sensitive to special needs of persons on the wheelchair. In his presentation on “The Effect of Climate Change in Delta Communities – The 2012 Flood As A Case Study”, Mr Eugene Hyacinth Ossai, a journalist, agriculturist and community development advocate, noted that while people may be grouped into those with physical, mental or other forms of impairment, economic disability affects all segments of the society. However, economic disability was far more severe for people with disabilities because they are compelled to add the burden of general economic disability to their natural or circumstantial physical, mental or other forms of disability. Drawing instances from his personal experience, Comrade Innocent Esume, acting secretary of Persons With Disabilities, Ndokwa Nation, appealed to the government and good-spirited individuals to assist persons with disabilities to obtain education, skills, training, jobs and various palliatives that would help them get succour from the harsh effects of the COVID-19. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. PHOTOS: PDP Leaders From The North Hold Crucial Talks With Obasanjo, Babangida Some leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the Northern part of the country on Sunday evening held talks with former President Olusegun Obasanjo in Abeokuta, Ogun State, in what they called an advocacy visit to the former leader. ICYMI: Trump Paid Only 750 Dollars In Federal Income Tax In 2016 ― NY Times Donald Trump paid just 750 dollars in federal income tax in 2016, the year he won the US presidential election, the New York Times wrote in an explosive investigative report late Sunday. TRENDING: Uduaghan Returns To PDP Former governor of Delta State, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan, officially returns to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com