Another supporter of Yakubu Dogara, a former member of the House of Reps, Salisu Zakari Ningi has dumped the PDP back to the APC to team up with his political boss and mentor. According to Salisu Zakari who represented Ningi /Warji Federal Constituency via a letter of resignation of membership he addressed to the PDP Chairman of Ningi West Ward dated September 6th, he left the party because the situation that made him alongside others to join in 2019 has not changed. The letter contained that, “You will recall that, during the 2019 General Elections, high profile politicians from my dear state, Bauchi led by my Boss/Mentor, His Excellency Rt. Hon. Yakubu Dogara decamped to PDP to oust the bad government of M.A. Abubakar and successfully installed Sen. Bala Abdulkadir Muhammad, but along the line after much observations and watching with keen interest, I discovered that issues that made us come together to rescue our dear state have not been addressed”. He wrote that “I also discovered that all the yearnings for desired change have eluded the good people of Ningi LGA and Bauchi State in particular, which led to the resignation of my political mentor H.E. Rt. Hon. Yakubu Dogara and other high profile politicians who contributed to bringing this government into power”. ALSO READ: No plan to reintroducing N3,000 levy in schools ― Oyo govt He added that “After diligent appraisals and consultations with my political followers and associates. I came to the conclusion that the atmosphere is no longer conducive for me and my followers, associates to continue to be identified with such failures. Therefore, I have resolved to dump PDP to seek good fortunes for the people of Bauchi State and Ningi LGA my immediate constituency on an alternative political platform which is APC”. “I have come, I have seen, I have captured and I have moved on until Bauchi State is totally salvaged from claws of unproductiveness. On this note, I regret to inform you of my resignation as a member of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) with effect from today “. But in a swift reaction, State chairman of the PDP, Hamza Koshe Akuyam described the situation as, “good radiance to bad rubbish. He is one of the politicians who are very mobile in the state, he has decided to go, we cannot stop him from doing so.” On all the reasons he gave for leaving the PDP, the Chairman said that “maybe he is not resident in Bauchi State, otherwise he will not say that the government is not working. People are happy and supporting the administration, we are happy with that and we will continue to work for the people”. Hamza Koshe Akuyam added that “what we are doing is to rebuild the party, we don’t want those who will only come in because of the contest, we want those who are ready to remain in the party no matter what happens. The party will be stronger than before”. The PDP Chairman then assured that everything possible will be done to ensure that the party remained in power in the state as long as possible by working for the good of the people of the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune online Adimission Guide for 2020/21 accademic  session for confirmed  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:
Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is noted for academic excellence and Moral standard in the country. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com