The Kano Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption body has recovered over N7 million naira diverted from the State Ministry of Agriculture, just as the agency has quizzed the Ministry’s Permanent Secretary and indicted top officials of the Ministry over the alleged fraud. This was just as the anti-corruption body denied launching an investigation into the financial activities of the State Deputy Governor, Dr Nasiru Gawuna who doubles as the State Commissioner for Agriculture. However, the Commission Chairman, Barrister Muhuyi Magaji Rimin Gado said any attempt to involve the deputy governor in the investigation will be considered sensational, false and misleading. The commission alleged that the offence under investigation contradicts Section 26 of the Kano State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission Law 2008 (as amended) and recovery of N 7,150,000.00 has so far been made. According to him, the Commission cleared that Investigation into the Ministry of Agriculture involved only some staff of the Ministry and not the Deputy Governor as portrayed. The commission chairman said any attempt to involve the deputy governor in the investigation will be considered sensational, false and misleading. His words: “For the clarity of doubt, the investigation was initiated with full consent, support and cooperation of His Excellency, the Deputy Governor, Dr Nasiru Gawuna.” The agency then urged the public to disregard any false information suggesting that the deputy governor is under investigation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Petrol/Electricity Price Hike: Prepare For Unprecedented Mass Action From Next Monday, NLC, TUC Tell Nigerians With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price… HOT: FG Takes Over Revenue Management Of NNPC, Customs, FIRS, NCC, Others Pressured by dwindling revenues and heavy debt burden, the Federal Government on Tuesday moved to boost its resources by directly taking over control of revenue management of its 10 most lucrative enterprises… TRENDING: Borno Governor Donates House, N20m To Widow, Children Of Colonel Killed By Boko Haram Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning… #THROWBACK: Angry APC Governors Meet Oshiomhole SOME governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, met with the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, behind closed doors.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com