Everybody is aware that the future of our children will be in jeopardy if the recklessness engulfing governance in Nigeria is allowed to continue. Our hyper hypocrisy, reckless spending, corruption, nepotism and bad governance have driven us to points of no return. By October 1, Nigeria will clock 60 years. The insincerity of politicians in prosecuting the war on corruption and installing good governance for the common good and blatant rejection of calls for the restructuring of Nigeria make it look as if Nigeria is doomed to be under a demonic spell difficult to break. Today, the danger of the country going into extinction is greater than ever before. The unfair and unworkable union foisted on people from different cultures and ethnicities, sustained through the greed of politicians benefiting from the controversial marriage is no more acceptable. What can the people do to be free from the self-imposed tyranny? It is self-imposed because of the betrayals of few ambitious politicians who are intent on selling the future of their people and enslaving their children. Advocates of restructuring must tackle the challenges head-on to bring us out from under the bullying thumbs of the powers that be. We must understand that success is never achieved by people who only dream but do not act. The people must be able to conquer their fears and act on their visions. The sacred Word declares, “Without a vision the people perish.” Nigeria as presently constituted does not have a shared understanding of its vision and therefore cannot move forward. No matter how hard we try, we will only aimlessly drift along while reacting to events as they occur. Now that the Southern and Middle-Belt states have a shared vision of restructuring and liberation from a dominating oligarch, they should pursue their dream without allowing political horse-trading to interfere. John R. Jimoh, Ijebu-Ode.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com