The Senate is working on a Bill to combat every form of cybercrime in the country. Chairman Senate Committee on Information and Communication Technology, Senator Yakubu Oseni, gave the disclosure on Thursday, when his team visited a leading cybersecurity firm, CyberDome Nigeria. He said federal lawmakers were determined to collaborate with players in the ICT sector and relevant federal government agencies to counter the cybercrime insurgency. He said: “What National Assembly is doing to forestall cyber attacks is a world activity and not peculiar to Nigeria alone. Unfortunately, our youths are also engaged in cybercrimes and that is very unfortunate and alarming but the Senate and the National Assembly is not sleeping over the matter. There is a bill in the works to actually strengthen the fight against cybercrime and we are calling on the public to make a relevant contribution so that by the time it comes to a public hearing to that effect. We and indeed, the whole of Nigerians are worried about this phenomenon and we hope everybody will key in as it is a fight for everyone and we hope people will come and make a relevant contribution.” He further revealed that a conference on Cybersecurity was in the offing to enable stakeholders in the ICT industry to suggest proactive measures. ALSO READ: 22 Christians and Muslims leaders unite for peace in Kaduna He said: “I can tell you that it is not an executive bill, it is a private Bill. To tell you how concerned we are, there will be a conference coming up in October on Cybersecurity which is going to be organised by the legislators and we hope the public and people of interest will come in and make a presentation.” Senator Oseni said his Committee was impressed with facilities sighted at CyberDome and assured the security firm that it would recommend it to Ministries, Department and Agencies, (MDAs). ” It means that they have a lot of clients patronising them already but we have to protect their identity as we are not interested in the persons, we are mainly interested in recommending them because they are providing good services. “We hope that others can queue in and also patronize them as we really need to protect our cyberspace. “We may believe that we are not being attacked like the other nations and that is because they don’t know that we are really coming up very well in terms of ICT hence, we should be battle-ready by the time they eventually come. “When they do, they will see the likes of CyberDome already providing a defensive mechanism for our cyberspace.” Also speaking with newsmen, Managing Director of CyberDome Nigeria Chioma Iwuagwu, said the firm has the capacity to protect critical infrastructure across Nigeria, especially at the national level. “CyberDome is conceived as a world-class multi secret service provider. We provide bespoke cybersecurity operations such as critical infrastructure analysis that we are monitoring among other solutions across all industry. We also provide services for those in oil and gas, energy, finance, healthcare and even government you can see states and the Federal Government. The senate committee on ICT and cybercrime just paid us a courtesy visit. “Basically what we do is to ensure that our security strategy are tailored to align with the business goal of the organization. And again we must have seen that with the COVID 19 there has been a lot of activities within the cyberspace which actually has made it recognized and the cybercriminals actually are not resting on their oars. “So what we do here is to try to be ahead of them such that we are able to prevent, detect and respond to cybersecurity challenges. And as we know we are all digital citizens right now because we use our phones, we are always on the internet. So there is a need for us to ensure that we are adequately protected. Like I will always say the first line of defence is vigilance.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Senate expresses concern over cybercrime Politician, Others Offended By My Husband Should Forgive Him ― Adedibu’s Widow Wife of the late strongman of Oyo State politics Alhaji Lamidi Ariyibi Adedibu, Alhaja Modinat Abosede Adedibu has come out to appeal to those he offended while alive to forgive him, as there is no human being that does not make mistakes. She also added that since he is now late, those who offended him too… Senate expresses concern over cybercrime Kill Me Rather Than Destroy My Cannabis Farm ― Suspect Begs NDLEA In Kogi A suspected Cannabis Sativa farmer, Clement Akor, has begged the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to take his life instead of destroying his 10-hectare cannabis plantation. Akor, a 42 years old father of six children from Enabo village in Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State was arrested by the Kogi State command of… Senate expresses concern over cybercrime  FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY