THE Federal Government has expressed its interest to join the Hand-in-Hand initiative by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), which aims to accelerate agricultural transformation and sustainable rural development. Speaking in Abuja on Thursday, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono, said the country is ready to join the other 20 countries currently involved in this new initiative to push forward its agenda for sustainable agricultural development and rural transformation. “There are incidents of floods in most parts of the country, where much of the food is produced, like we have in Kebbi state; we have also seen growing conflicts over land resources; yet many farmers still face challenges related to market access. All these affect farming and food production. The initiative is good for Nigeria andwe commend FAO for introducing it to Nigeria” he said. Nanono was speaking during his meeting with the FAO’s Representative to Nigeria and ECOWAS, Mr. Fred Kafeero, who had paid him a courtesy call. The Hand-in-Hand initiative was launched last year by FAO’s Director General, Qu Dongyu, to support evidence-based, country-led and country-owned investments for eradicating poverty and ending hunger and all forms of malnutrition. The Minister said the idea was timely for the country, which is also undertaking a number of other steps to ensure food security and nutrition to all Nigerians. “Despite the plethora of challenges that have threatened food security in the country, the current administration is focused on empowering  the rural people, through modern food and agricultural systems that emphasize a value chain approach to feed its people and create jobs,” he pointed out. He directed that a letter expressing Nigeria’s interest to participate in the initiative be drafted immediately. He also nominated a focal point from the Ministry, to liaise with the FAO team and other Government experts from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) in assembling required data for analysis. Earlier on, the Mr. Kafeero, among other things, had made a presentation on the Hand-in-Hand initiative to the Minister, drawing his attention to opportunities under the initiative for transforming agriculture and forstering effective partnerships with multilateral agencies, private sector and Development partnersin the country and beyond. “The initiative helps countries to develop independent investment plans to close food gaps, end malnutrition, support economic development and reduce environmental impacts with concrete evidence. “All of which will lead to the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals particularly goals number one and two on poverty eradication and ending hunger,” Mr. Kafeero stated. Through the initiative, he added, FAO will bring its technical expertise in all ares of its mandate, with emphasis on innovation and digital technologies.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com