Chairman of the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offence Commission (ICPC), Professor Bolaji Owasonoye, his counterpart in the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) Mr Anthony Ojukwu and Mr Bankole Akomolafe are among 137 successful candidates shortlisted for conferment with the prestigious rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria. A press release by the Legal Practitioner’s Privileges Committee (LPPC) on Wednesday said the 137 candidates emerged successful both at advocate filtration stages and academic pre-qualification exercise. Acting Chief Registrar of Supreme Court/Secretary, Legal Practitioners’ Privileges Committee, Hajo Sarki, stated that “All qualified candidates shortlisted are graded under the category system of the Legal Practitioners’ Privileges Committee Guidelines, 2018.” The statement added that the General Public is at liberty to comment on the integrity, reputation and competence of the candidates. Sarki, however, said any complaint (s) presented to the Legal Practitioners’ Privileges Committee must be accompanied with a verifying affidavit deposed to before a Court of Record in Nigeria. “Please be informed that in relation to paragraph 12 (2). of the Legal Practitioners’ Privileges Committee Guidelines, 2018, Twenty copies of such comments or complaints must be received at the office of the Secretary, Legal Practitioners’ Privileges Committee not later than 4.00 pm on Tuesday 13th October 2020 or email: enquirieslppcnigeri@gmail.com. Other shortlisted candidates include; Delta State Attorney General, Mr Peter Mrakpo, an Abuja based legal practitioner, Mr Bankole Akomolafe, Mr Sule Shua’ Ibu, Muhammad Ndanusa, Adedapo Tunde-Olowu, Charles Oguejiofor, Robert Emukpoeruo amongst others. A breakdown of the figure showed that while 116 are practising lawyers, the remaining 21 were drawn from the academia. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday…candidates shortlisted for SAN The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas….candidates shortlisted for SAN candidates shortlisted for SAN Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia…candidates shortlisted for SAN  candidates shortlisted for SAN NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com