As a way of arousing interest of Arabic teachers in teaching the subject more effectively in Lagos State public schools, the state government has trained teachers teaching the subject in schools across the six education districts of the state. They were trained in the skills and methodologies of teaching the subject at a recent workshop organised by the state’s Ministry of Education at the Multilingual International Resource Centre, Maryland, Ikeja. One of the facilitators at the event Dr. Saheed Timehin, who is the Head of Arabic Unit, Department of Foreign Languages, Lagos State University, Ojo. He spoke on ‘Teaching and Learning of Arabic in Lagos Schools’. Another facilitator is the Dean of Students’ Affairs, Arabic Department, Michael Otedola College of Education, Noforija-Epe, Dr Morufudeen Shittu. He spoke on ‘Relevance of Arabic Language to the World Development: Challenges of Nigeria Arabic Teachers’. Speaking at the forum, the permanent secretary of the ministry, Mrs. Abosede Adelaja, said the training became necessary because language remains an important element in human life and a key component to effective communication. She said the theme of the workshop, ‘Teaching and Learning of Arabic Language in Lagos State Schools: Status, Challenges and Way Forward’, clearly showed the readiness of the state government to further improve the teaching and learning of languages in the state. She said to drive the 21st century economy requires in-depth global approach that would transcend diverse societies and economies, and that one of the ways is languages. In a statement by the head of public affairs of the ministry, Mr Kayode Abayomi, Mrs Adelaja revealed that psychological studies have shown that speaking two or more languages is a great asset to speakers anywhere around the world.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com