The Osun State government has ordered public schools, whose names were changed as a result of the reclassification of schools by the immediate past government to revert to their old names, Tribune Online gathered. It is recalled that the former governor of the state, Mr Rauf Aregbesola, had during his administration changed the names of the majority of public schools in Osun. The changing of the public schools’ nomenclatures at that time followed the reclassification of school policy by Aregbesola’s government. However, a circular letter of the Osun State Ministry of Education obtained by our correspondent in Osogbo on Tuesday ordered all public schools to revert to their old names. According to the letter, with reference number S/ADM/38/131, which was signed by the coordinating director, Dr (Mrs) T.T Adeagbo titled “Reverting Reclassification Nomenclature of Schools to Old Status”, “all schools are hereby directed to revert to their old names with immediate effect as approved by the state government.” “Please, recall that at the policy review roundtable summit on some extant policies in education sector held between 20th and 21st February 2020, Governor Gboyega Oyetola approved that schools should revert to their pre-reclassification names and nomenclatures.” The letter was copied to Executive Secretary, SUBEB, Tutor General, Osun Central, East and West, all Zonal Inspectors of Education, Principals of Unity Schools and Schools of Science, Principals of all Government Public Schools, all Head Teachers of Government Elementary Schools, among others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY.