The Governing Council of the University of Abuja (UNIABUJA) has approved the promotion of six academic staff to the rank of professor and four others to the rank of Associate professor with effect from 2018 and 2019. The development followed the receipt of the favourable external assessment report of their publications. The approval was given at the 87th Regular meeting of Council held on Tuesday 15th and Wednesday 16th September 2020, a statement by the Head, Information and University Relations, Dr Habib Yakoob, said on Sunday in Abuja. Those newly promoted to the rank of professor include Dr Wasiu Olugbenga Gabadeen, Educational Management; Dr Ogbe Adamu Okuwa, Veterinary Medicine; Dr Idu Edwin Ejoga, Agricultural Extension and Communication; Dr Pam Z. Chuwang, Field Crops Agronomy; Dr Binta Ibrahim Zaifada, Educational Administration and Planning and Dr Oke Eunice Bose, Educational Management. ALSO READ: 13 Boko Haram terrorists, 23 family members surrender to troops in Borno Those promoted to the rank of associate professor, include Dr Hamza Na’Uzo, with specialization in Grammar, Semantics and Socio-linguistics; Dr Dada Mathew Sunday, Educational Administration and Planning; Dr Biyaya Beatrice Nwankwo, Community Medicine; and Dr Yunusa Thairu, Medical Microbiology and Parasitology. The Vice-Chancellor, Professor Abdul-Rasheed Na’Allah, while congratulating the staff, said their promotion was a testimony to their hard work and dedication to scholarship. “I hereby convey my warm congratulations to all these deserving and exceptional academic staff of the UofA!” Professor Na’Allah said, adding that “You have all earned this promotion through perseverance in your various academic fields.” He tasked the staff not to rest on their oars, stressing that this is the moment they must engage more in quality research and teaching for the betterment of the University and for national development. Professor Na’Allah declared that more promotion of academic and non-teaching staff would be treated at the next Council meeting, adding that Council has asked Appointments &Promotions Committee (A&PC) to meet soon to address some issues concerning staff who have applied for promotion as well as resolve all matters concerning interviews and position vacancies. While expressing gratitude to the staff and students for their cooperation with his administration, he assured them of his continued commitment to creating an enabling environment for research, scholarship and physical development that will lift the University to new heights and register it among world-class universities, NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com