The Young Visioneers’ Association of Nigeria (YVAN) has lauded the recent ban on issuance of visa by the United States for some Nigerian politicians who were involved in electoral malpractices in previous elections conducted in the country. In a press release issued at the weekend and signed by its national chairman, Mr Ezekiel Oladimeji, the group said: “Though the visa ban and even more stringent measures were long expected, it is better late than never. “Nigerian youths have been at the receiving ends of the many negative effects of electoral malpractices. The politicians who get to occupy political positions through corrupt practices and electoral frauds end up embezzling public funds meant for the development of the country, and continue to leave the country in perpetual ruins.” It added that “past elections in Nigeria were not free and fair with reference to the recent ones in Kogi and Bayelsa states which were a charade of what democratic elections should be. The YIAGA Africa and other foreign observers’ reports corroborated this stance. “The judiciary, on its part, has continued to disappoint the Nigerian masses. As against being the last hope of the common man, the judiciary, through its judgements on electoral matters, has continued to affirm such electoral frauds committed against the people.” It appreciated the United States for setting the pace, while also reminding the United Kingdom (UK) of its recent warning of issuing visa ban and seizure of foreign assets belonging to any politician who engaged in electoral malpractices in the subsequent elections, particularly that of Ondo State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com