With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price. The action is to begin on Monday, September 28, the NLC and TUC insisted, on Tuesday, and appealed to all Nigerians to get ready for unprecedented mass action. The organised labour also declared that the workers and Nigerians would no longer tolerate the government insensitivity to their plights, saying “we can no longer take it. Enough is enough.” The NEC of the NLC ratified the decision of the Central Working Committee (CWC) earlier held on Wednesday last week to commence an industrial strike and stage a nationwide protest from September 28. The NLC President, Ayuba Wabba, who spoke after the NEC meeting, insisted on the reversal of fuel price and electricity tariff, while he also advised the Federal Government to revamp the four refineries and build modular ones. The NLC president said the Federal Government should, by doing this, ensure that it puts the refineries into operations for the production of required local consumption. Wabba, who also condemned the timing of the increase, warned that failure to meet these demands would compel workers to go ahead with their protest on Monday. The CWC had on Wednesday last week given a two-week ultimatum to the Federal Government to reverse the fuel pump price and electricity tariff or face industrial strike and a peaceful protest nationwide. Also, in a statement issued on Tuesday by the TUC, entitled: “Fuel, Electricity Tariff Hike: Update on Strike,” the congress resolved to work in collaboration with the NLC and the civil society allies to execute the strike. The TUC said it took the decision after an exhaustive meeting held to review its mobilisation strategies on the forthcoming strike to protest fuel hike and electricity tariff. ALSO READ: World Teachers Day: NUT urges FG to pay federal teachers 27.5 per cent professional allowance The statement, signed by its President, Comrade Quardri Olaleye, said: “Consequent upon this, the ultimatum which should expire by midnight of Monday, September 22, 2020, has been shifted to September 28, 2020, for effective and maximum effect. “We want to use this opportunity to call on Nigerians, especially those in the informal sector, to bear with us while the industrial action lasts. There is no need for the pains we bear. It is a needless one. “They ask us to tighten our belts while they loosen theirs. Services are not rendered yet we are compelled to pay estimated bills. We were told during their campaign that they will build refineries, all that are history now. We run a mono-economy and any hike in fuel automatically will have an adverse effect on us yet successive government tow that path because they are not creative.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com