The Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde and the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has enlightened Christians on the importance of working for God, describing it as the best act to receive exceeding reward from God. The governor and the cleric respectively made this known at the dedication and sod-turning of the site of the proposed Tabernacle of David Church cathedral of the Christ Life Church and Sword of the Spirit Ministries International, along Parliament road, Bodija, Ibadan, Oyo State, last Sunday. Seyi Makinde, during his speech pledged to give the church utmost support in actualising the project, stressing that it is highly rewarding working for God and that he would give necessary support for the construction cathedral staled to be completed in two year’s time. “Though I have promised not to build anything during my campaign promises, but as it is prophesied that the project will be completed in two year’s time by Daddy GO, I want to say that this is a call on me and that two year’s time I will be winding off this administration. “My prayer is that, by that same time God should show me my next political step. So, I want to declare that we will do everything that is right to support the completion of this project,” he said. Earlier in his speech, Adeboye, donated the sum of N10 million naira for the support of the construction of the church, adding that he and his wife, Folu are delighted to be part of the project as well as harps on the importance and rewards in working for God. “I have never regretted working for God since my many years in the ministry. I remember how God worked on my behalf during the approval of my PhD thesis. I was doing His work somewhere and my external supervisor instructed my project supervisor that I don’t need to come over in-person to defend it. This is how God works when you are doing His work wholeheartedly,” he said. In his remarks, the visioner of the ministry, Bishop Wale Oke, expressed his delight on the gestures of the Pastor Adeboye and Governor Makinde, just as he noted that the project would be completed to the glory of God.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY