A chieftain of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Babatunde Gbadamosi, on Saturday emerged as the party’s senatorial candidate for the forthcoming bye-election holding on October 31, 2020, after garnering a total of 529 votes to beat other three aspirants for the position. Gbadamosi’s closest rival, Princess Saidat Odofin Fafowora polled 59 votes, followed by Mr. Olanrewaju Moshood Babatunde, who polled 21 votes and Princess Abiodun Oyefusi, who came last polling just seven (7) votes. This was just as Mr. Ademola Alebiosu earlier emerged as the party’s flagbearer for Kosofe Constituency II for the State House of Assembly bye-election also scheduled to hold October ending. The exercise held at the Kosofe party secretariat, with Alebiodu polling 31 votes to defeat his only opponent, Mr. Segun Aroyewun. The senatorial primary exercise, which produced Gbadamosi as the party’s candidate, commenced around 12: 18 pm at the PDP local council secretariat at Pedro in Somolu area of the state and was witnessed by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) team led by Tunde Oyebode. Announcing the result, Secretary of the Electoral Committee, Hon. Awaj- Imombak Abiante, gave the run down, saying a total of 638 delegates voted, while 14 void votes were recorded in the exercise, with Gbadamosi polling the largest of 638 votes to beat all his rival. The seat became vacant following the death of Senator Sikiru Bayo Osinusi, who passed on on June 15, 2020. The exercise witnessed party delegates from five local council areas in the state, including Somolu, Kosofe, Ibeju- Lekki, Ikorodu and Epe coming together to vote the candidate of their choice. Chairman of the national electoral committee, Sir Ndidi Okereke, had in an interview with the newsmen, applauded the exercise as peaceful, even as he commended the aspirants and the delegates as well for the peace exercise. The aspirants also in separate interviews noted the peaceful exercise, while they commended the party leadership for bringing such about. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY