We recently discovered that our 18 year old undergraduate son is heavily using Cannabis. When his father and I confronted him, he promised to kick the habit. Unfortunately, his condition has gone worse and he dresses shabbily all the time. What can we do to help him? Glory (by SMS)  Most of the time when parents first realize that their children are on drugs, the experience can leave them shocked and befuddled. However, it is very important to stay calm and composed after recovering from the shock. Although it is natural for a parent to feel disappointed in such a child, it is equally important to reassure your son that you love him unconditionally and that you will help him to fight the problem as long as he also agrees to the fact that he has a problem. Encourage him to open up to you on why he is using the drugs as well as how he should go about withdrawing from it. Sometimes, these kinds of children will benefit from additional counselling from religious leaders and family elders. You may also need to speak with a mental health professional to help evaluate the risk and professionally offer them guidance on how to beat the habit. Don’t lose hope or entirely write off your son since he can still change as many children in similar circumstances have done.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com