SENATOR representing Oyo Central senatorial district, Senator Teslim Folarin, has said that one of the strategies to increasing food production in Nigeria is to empower farmers with requisite skills in modern agricultural practices. Speaking at a three-day training programme in modern agricultural techniques for 50 youth in the Oyo Central district in Ibadan on Monday, Senator Folarin said that concentration must be on modern agricultural techniques if agriculture is to be used for development of the state. The lawmaker, who said that failure of agricultural policies for addressing developmental challenges in the country had been the lopsidedness of efforts on modern agricultural techniques, added that value addition must be put in place to complement agricultural production activities. He said that the training programme was part of activities to revamp economy in the senatorial district and Oyo state in general, adding that increasing agricultural production would be targeted for poverty alleviation, job creation, food security and improved livelihood. Folarin, who said that dwindling oil revenue including negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic had made economic diversification of non-oil sector expedient, saying that agriculture remains sustainable venture to address socio-economic development. Also speaking during the event, the principal consultant of Synergy Impact Consultants Limited, Lanre Babalola, said that inadequate knowledge on modern agricultural techniques had caused low return on annual investment to farmers, reduced internally generated revenue, low family income and created food scarcity. He also said that the aim of the training programme was to broaden skills and knowledge of the selected participants in area of good agricultural practices, “with concentration on use of modern agricultural techniques for an enhanced food production. “Moreover, conscientious effort has to be employed to ensure that our farmers are kept abreast on contemporary ways of practising agriculture and simple adherence to the basics of good agricultural practices are followed. “It is my wish that our partner, the Nigerian Stored Product Research Institute (NSPRI), which is contributing to the development of farmers for an enhanced food productivity and sustainability, will lay emphasis on the sustainability of the project by extending it to other farmers in the state”, he said. The representative of the participants, the class captain, Chief Sunday Adewale, commended the facilitator, Senator Teslim Folarin, for the training programme, calling on the consultant to make itself available for counsel and guidance on their farming and agribusiness activities.  NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com