The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) says it plans to increase its enrollment to between three to five million monthly, so as to achieve the Sustainable Development Goal target on legal identity for all, including birth registration by 2030. It said the commission currently registers 500,000 monthly citing inadequate funding as a major constraint to achieving its target. The Director-General, NIMC, Mr Aliyu Aziz made the disclosure at the second national identity day celebration on Wednesday in Abuja. According to him, out of a total of 47million Nigerians who have been captured, 11 million was from the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) initiated Bank Verification Number (BVN). “Since 2015 till date, we have captured 42 million Nigerians under the NIN and We have harmonised 11m records with the CBN through the BVN and we hope to do the same with our other: PENCOM, NIS, FRSC and NCC,” he said. He noted that the commission currently has about 100 registration centres when it actually needs about 4000 centres. In his welcome address, he said on 16th September 2019, Nigeria became the first country to celebrate and commemorate the date as National Identity Day in recognition of the importance of identity to human life and existence, social and economic development to mention a few. He expressed the Federal Government’s commitment to the advancement and immediate acceleration of the identification development programme of the country. The DG noted that the country’s ID goals can be fully realized when it leverages the adoption and use of digital identity to improve governance, enhance social accountability, promote security and provide basic services to the people. “Permit me to mention that the impact of the COVID 19 pandemic has also triggered the need for us as a nation to rethink our long term actions, chart new pathway, prioritize our national projects, build resilience, explore emerging trends and capitalize on the opportunities inherent in a unified ID system as a way to reposition our country, recover from the socio-economic challenges faced and confront the pre-existing trends and new ways of life and governance. “Leveraging a digital identification system for continuous data and reliable statistics under the new world order is crucial for our survival and growth as a nation in this era of digital inclusion and digital economy,” he added. Buhari, Trailblazer In Modular Refinery Delivery ― Lai Mohammed The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, on Wednesday, said while previous administrations talked about modular refineries, only President…NIMC plans enrolment NIMC plans enrolment Palliative: FG Distributes Food Items To 80,405 Households In Sokoto The Federal Government has begun the distribution of 3,659.7 metric tonnes of grains to 80,405 households in Sokoto State…NIMC plans enrolment  NIMC plans enrolment PHOTO NEWS: Protest Over Hike In Price Of Petrol, Electricity Tariff Ongoing In Yaba, Lagos A peaceful protest by members of the Joint Action Front against the hike in Petrol and Electricity by the federal government…NIMC plans enrolment  NIMC plans enrolment NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com