The United Nations Children Fund (UNICEF) has donated 115,000 COVID-19 test kits to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to assist the Federal Government in its efforts to curb the virus. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the UNICEF representative, Ms Rushnan Murtaza, said this on Tuesday during the donation at the NCDC National Reference Laboratory in Abuja. According to her, the donation is funded by IHS Towers as part of its contribution to curbing the pandemic in Nigeria. IHS Towers Nigeria Limited is a Nigeria-based company established in 2001 to provide and maintain telecommunications infrastructure. Murtaza said: “Today, we are here with IHS Nigeria once again to present vital test kits and supplies. “The kits were procured through donations by IHS Nigeria to UNICEF to strengthen the fund’s support for the Nigerian government’s response to the COVID-19 emergency.” She said that since COVID-19 hit Nigeria, IHS Towers had twice extended financial support to UNICEF to facilitate the provision of essential equipment and test kits crucial in the response to curb the virus. Murtaza said that the support made IHS Towers the biggest private-sector contributor in Nigeria for UNICEF Nigeria support to COVID-19 response. The director-general of NCDC, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, said that the country was working toward ensuring that its citizens get back their lives and are protected. He thanked the donors for their support in the fight against COVID-19 and promised that the centre would make proper use of the items. The chief executive officer of IHS Nigeria Limited, Muhamad Darwish, said that the company would continue to support the country. Darwish urged the government to focus more on awareness as the key to the fight against the COVID-19. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Low Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria’s new COVID-19  infection cases increased by 85  last week when compared with the previous week, Tribune Online reports. A total of 1,053 new cases were reported last week (September 20 – 26)… Labour Suspends Today’s Strike THE organised labour in the early hours of Monday announced a suspension of its strike slated to start today over prices of fuel and electricity. The suspension of the strike action was contained in a communique it signed with representatives of government. UNICEF donates 115,000 COVID-19 test kits to NCDC SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!