24 women drawn from 12 community-based organisations in Bauchi State have been trained on project management for effective service delivery and result orientation. The training was jointly organised by a Bauchi based NGO, Fahimta Women and Youth Development Initiative (FAWOYDI) in collaboration with ActionAid Nigeria and the Canada Global Affairs. While declaring the training opened on Tuesday, Executive Director of FAWOYDI, Hajiya Maryam Garba at Jolly Hotel Bauchi, explained that the exercise was under the Women and Leadership Voice program aimed at empowering women in the area of involvement in politics and leadership. According to her, the project, which will last for five years, was designed to teach the participants how to plan and execute the project successfully pointing out the 24 women were selected from 12 community-based organisations for the workshop charging them to step down the training to others. ALSO READ: Nigeria must declare TB an emergency ― NOA, Stop TB Partnership Maryam Garba added that aside from women’s involvement in leadership, the program is also geared towards empowering women economically and addressing gender-based issues. She said that “At the end of the training, the participants should be able to stand on their own. It is my belief that after this exercise, they will be able to learn more and execute their projects smoothly”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. project management Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. project management SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com