The Anambra State chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Ndubuisi Nwobu, said about twelve members of the party have indicated interest to contest for the ticket of the party for the 2021 governorship election in the state. Nwobu disclosed this on Tuesday in Awka during an interactive session with newsmen. He explained that the party has promised a level playing field for all the aspirants. He listed the aspirants who have notified their intention to run on the platform of the party to include Ike Oligbo, Harry Oranezi, Ifedi Okwenna, Emeka Azubogu, Valentine Ozigbo and Godwin Maduka. Others are Uche Ekwunife, Obiora Okonkwo, Emeka Etiaba, Godwin Ezeemo, Chuma Nzeribe and Ugochukwu Okeke. Nwobu added that only a free and fair primary election will quell the agitations that have always trailed governorship contests in the party, saying that if the right candidate emerges, other aspirants will realise the need to give their support. He said part of the assurance the aspirants have gotten from the party is a commitment to hold a transparent primary election, stressing that each of the aspirants who have made their intention known already has been given a list of the statutory delegates to the primary election. “We have given delegates’ lists to all persons who are running for governor in Anambra State on our platform. “This has never happened before. We are bent on ensuring that the right person who is elected by the people wins the ticket of the party for the election. “My name has been associated with a lot of aspirants, but the truth is that I can not do much. The aspirants should go to the field and convince our party men. They already know who the delegates to the primary election are. Before now, the list is only produced a day or two to the election and usually compiled to favour one person or the other, but in this executive, we want to be fair to all. “This executive does not have a paymaster and we do not pander to the whims and caprices of any paymaster. That is why we do not have money to do some of the things we should do in this party because money bags who usually throw money about are not comfortable with us because we are not ready to do their bidding,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.