Pan- Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, has expressed worries that Nigeria is yet to find its bearing as it celebrates its 60th anniversary in the midst of divisions, tensions and underdevelopment. The group said it was not surprising that the country is filled with separatist feelings all over the land as all the things that make for good living were beyond the reach of the commoners. Afenifere expressed this concern on Wednesday in a statement entitled: “Nigeria@60: Nigeria Not At Ease,” issued by its spokesperson, Mr Yinka Odumakin, to mark the country’s independence anniversary. The group in expressing the concern, recalled the observations made at the various time by leaders, including the recent one by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, to the effect that the country was badly fractured, and needed to be urgently rescued to avoid break up. Afenifere, however, said the country, unfortunately, lacked a leadership that could mend the cracks, noting that all the steps being taken on a daily basis by the governments were mostly the ones that could deepen the cracks. “As Nigeria celebrates its 60th anniversary in the midst of divisions, tensions and underdevelopment, Afenifere is worried that the country is yet to find its bearing at 6o. “Only a few weeks back former President Olusegun Obasanjo observed that the country was drifting towards state failure which was fully backed by Prof. Wole Soyinka. “Even the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, on the eve of the anniversary declared that the cracks on the wall of Nigeria could lead to its break-up. “Unfortunately the country lacks leadership that could mend the cracks. On daily basis, all the steps being taken by our governments are mostly the ones that could deepen the cracks,” Afenifere said. “Today, there is no happiness in the land as the country can not guarantee good living for the citizens who are locked under extreme insecurity. “All the things that make for good living are beyond the reach of those who don’t have access to state resources,” it further said. The sociopolitical group observed that the country is deeply divided along ethnic and religious lines which it said the leadership seemed to be thriving on, adding that it was not surprising that the nation is filled with separatist feelings at 60. Afenifere, however, said it was convinced that Nigeria can still be salvaged if the right thing was done, demanding that the country “must restructure immediately into true federalism lest it gives all the necessary enablement to separatist forces.” “The country is deeply divided along ethnic and religious lines which the leadership seems to be thriving on. “It is not surprising that the country is filled with separatist feelings at 60. “Afenifere is convinced that Nigeria can still be salvaged if the right thing is done. The country must restructure immediately into true federalism lest it gives all the necessary enablement to separatist forces,” it said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Nigeria yet to find its bearing Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Nigeria yet to find its bearing  Nigeria yet to find its bearing Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Nigeria yet to find its bearing  Nigeria yet to find its bearing NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!