THE management of The Polytechnic, Ibadan (TPI), has struck a fresh working relationship with its neighbouring and host communities in preparation for the resumption of students at a date to be announced later by the concerned authorities. Rector of TPI, Professor Kazeem Adekunle Adebiyi, who addressed representatives of communities’ landlord associations at a meeting held at the North Campus Assembly Hall of the institution on Tuesday noted that the infectious nature of the coronavirus pandemic had made it mandatory for the communities to also put in place safety measures to protect themselves and their tenants, which include the returning students. He, therefore, sought and secured the support of the landlords on issues of security and COVID-19 pandemic. The landlords promised to persuade all neighbouring communities to fumigate their houses, especially the houses where students staying off-campus reside. Professor Adebiyi disclosed that a 15-man task force Committee on COVID-19 had been constituted by the management as part of preparations for the reopening of the institution. According to him, the 15-member committee headed by the polytechnic’s Director of Medical Services is saddled with the responsibility of preventing and curtailing the spread of the virus. The rector noted that the committee has among its eight-point term of reference the prescription of minimum health and safety threshold required for resumption of academic activities, to identify and monitor specific areas of the institution that may be prone to the pandemic and come up with recommendations on how to handle such situation. The landlords who agreed to put in place all the required health measures also pledged to cooperate with the management on issues of security and forward complaints to the Students’ Affairs Office for necessary action. Present at the meeting were landlords from Sango, Alemuloke, Iso pako, Ijokodo, Agbaje, Apete, Awotan, Patako, Ariyibi, Arola, Olomo, among others.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections, saying it may impose travel restrictions on the perpetrators and prosecute them under international law. Presidency’s Reaction To Our Intervention Disappointing, Say Afenifere, NEF, Ohanaeze, PANDEF, MBF NIGERIAN leaders and elders under the aegis of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere; Northern Elders Forum (NEF); Ohanaeze Ndi’gbo, Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) and the Middle-Belt Forum (MBF), on Monday described as “deeply disappointing and worrying” the way the presidency chose to react to the pieces of advice offered by the groups and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on better ways to move the country forward. Soyinka Backs Obasanjo, Says Nigeria Now More Divided Under Buhari Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka has backed claims by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, saying Nigeria is presently more divided under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com