A former head of logistics at Jezco Oil Nigeria LTD, Blessing Ogwatta, who allegedly defrauded an Ambassador and others to the tune of N364,072million and $7million, was yesterday arraigned before a Federal High court sitting in Lagos. Ogwatta was docked before Justice Nicholas Oweibo, by Force Criminal Investigation Department (ForceCID) Annex, Alagbon-Ikoyi, Lagos. The defendant is facing a five-count charge bordering on conspiracy, obtaining under false pretence and stealing preferred against her by ForceCID. The prosecutor, Mr Boniface Asogwa, a Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), said that the defendant alongside others, who are still at large, committed the alleged offence between November 2012 and August 2019, at SPOG Petrochemical Limited, Wharf, Apapa, Lagos. Asogwa, told the court that the defendant with an intent to defraud, fraudulently obtained the sum of $7 million, from her former employer, Jezco Oil Nigeria Limited, under the pretence of using it for the importation of Base Oil and purchase plots of land for the construction of Blending Plant at Ibeju-Lekki, for the company. He said that instead of using the money for the purpose she collected it for, fraudulently converted the sum of N7.5 million, part of $7 million, to her personal use, by buying land and building a residential house at Forthright Garden Estate Magboro Obafemi Owode Local Government Area, Ogun State. She was also alleged to have fraudulently received the sum of N40 million, from one Ambassador Ndubuisi Amaku, for oil and gas business but ended up converting, N27 million, part of the money to her personal use. Asogwa, further told the court that the defendant, fraudulently obtained the sum of N44, 072 million, from Emeka Okafor under the pretence of doing Additive Importation Business with him, but fraudulently converted N13 million part of the money to her personal use. The defendant was also alleged to have dishonestly stolen the sum of N18 million, part of N262 million loan obtained by her employer, Jezco Oil Nigeria Limited, from First City Monument Bank Plc. According to the prosecutor, the offences are contrary to Sections 8(3); 1(a); 1(c) of the Advance Fee Fraud and other Fraud Related Offences Act No. 14 of 2006 and punishable under Section 1(3) of the same Act. And 390 (9) of the Criminal Act Cap C38 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004. The defendant pleaded not guilty to the offence. In view of the defendant’s plea, Asogwa asked the court for a trial date and urged the court to remand her in the custody of Nigerian Correctional Services (NCS) pending the determination of the charges against her. However, counsel to the defendant, Mr O. Fatoki, informed the court that he has filed the defendant’s bail application and the same has been served on the prosecutor, whom he said had responded. Justice Oweibo, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N10 million, with two sureties in like sum. He said that the sureties must be landed property owners within the court’s jurisdiction, and show evidence of tax payment and means of livelihood, to the court. The judge ordered that the bail terms should be verified by the Court’s Deputy Chief Registrar (DCR). He also ordered that the defendant should be remanded at ForceCID, Annex, Alagbon-Ikoyi, Lagos, pending the fulfilment of her bail terms. The case was adjourned till October 22, 2020, for trial. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Woman arraigned E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…Woman arraigned  Woman arraigned 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Woman arraigned  Woman arraigned FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY