At a time like this, Dr Akin Ogunbiyi, the Group Chairman of Mutual Benefits Assurance Plc’s character, courage and many accomplishments in personal and public life readily comes to mind. No doubt, his leadership qualities, giant strides in different sectors and his positive impact on people’s lives will continue to speak volume forever. Character, courage and competence in providing exemplary and broadminded leadership are, by every standard, worthy attributes. As an accomplished businessman, a politician with a human face and leader of note, the noble philanthropist has contributed so much to the advancement of our nation and without gloating, nurtured many to greatness. This is a no mean effort and perhaps, his most treasured asset, aside from being a billionaire, which has earned him the cognomen, “àyànfẹ́ Osun”. Osun State is blessed with great minds and is regarded as the state of the virtuous. It is, therefore, no surprising that the people of Osun choose to love and to sustain their regards for Ogunbiyi’s personality and acumen as one of their outstanding sons gifted with an analytical mind, an enormous appetite for answers to life’s hidden question and persistence in the search for the truth and service to humanity. Many wonders where his team and political base, the Idera de Movement get the impetus, vitality and resilience to deliver on assigned task and to persist undeterred. The answer is simple: leadership is more who you are than what you do! When you have a great, learned and cerebral manager who works round the clock, you have no excuse to be redundant. Ogunbiyi’s giant strides, thirst for knowledge and consistent growths inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more. Every day, we – his team and admirers – are tremendously humbled and honoured to have the unique opportunity to be associated with such an amazing leader who looks forward to the future with renewed hopes and determination. Today, as always, we join family members, friends, associates and all the good people of Osun to celebrate with Dr Akin Ogunbiyi, as he marks his 58th birthday. Even as we continue to mourn the passing of Mrs Adenike Serifat Adeyi, we celebrate and honour an exemplary leader, peace-loving politician and compassionate philanthropist whose devotion to the cause of our state, Nation and Africa is epic. Dearest Dr Akin Ogunbiyi, it is our prayer that Almighty God will grant you good health and the special grace to service Him, the good people of Osun and the entire mankind for many more years. Congratulations and happy birthday. Many happy returns, Àyànfẹ́ Osun. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…Group congratulates Akin Ogunbiyi Group congratulates Akin Ogunbiyi What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…Group congratulates Akin Ogunbiyi  Group congratulates Akin Ogunbiyi High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…Group congratulates Akin Ogunbiyi  Group congratulates Akin Ogunbiyi SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com