Following the directive of Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal that the corpses of an auto crash that drowned in River Zalzalu along Sokoto-Illela road last Thursday be recovered and given befitting burial, the five victims have been found and buried accordingly. A statement signed by the special adviser on media and publicity to the governor, Muhammed Bello, said the governor also condoled with the families of the deceased, praying to God to grant them Aljanna Firdaus. The victims were identified as Shuaibu Mai Maciji Isa, a snake charmer, along with his two apprentices, Mubarak Aminu, the driver of the vehicle and the motorcyclist who is yet to be identified. “Governor Tambuwal who was on his way to condole with the people of Wurno the day the accident involving a motorcycle and a white Toyota car occured, had braved the rain as his convoy crossed the bridge to inquire about what happened. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: Why I didn’t pick Agboola Ajayi as running mate ― Jegede “Haven been briefed, he instructed the state Ministry of Home of Affairs to take charge of the recovery effort. Promptly, all relevant agencies- the state and federal fire service, the state emergency management agency, the Police and the Federal Road Safety Corps, (FRSC) as well as some expert divers from neighbouring Kebbi State were mobilised to the scene. “The team worked all night and succeeded on the first day in bringing out the cadaver of one victim of the auto crash. “The following day, two more bodies were found, just as an equal number of bodies were recovered on the third day. All the bodies were deposited at the Sokoto State Specialist Hospital and Uthman Danfodio University Teaching Hospital (UDUTH). The car and motorcycle involved in the accident are yet to be recovered” he added. Bello further said after the recovery effort, the state ministry of justice, upon the directive of the governor, conducted an enquiry into the incident. This led to the identification of some of the auto crash victims by their relatives who hail from Acida in Wurno local government area of the state; and, their subsequent burial according to Islamic rites. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com