The Management of the Federal University, Oye-Ekiti (FUOYE), has assured candidates applying for the Vice-Chancellor, Registrar and other positions in the institution of appointments based on merit. The Deputy Director of Corporate Services of FUOYE, Mr Adeyinka Ademuyiwa, gave the assurance in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Oye-Ekiti on Saturday. He explained that the vacant positions in all the faculties and departments of the university had been advertised for on its website, newspapers and other social media platforms for interested candidates to apply. Ademuyiwa noted that the position of the vice-chancellor and the registrar are esteem offices which would be occupied by persons with high integrity, decency, commitment and love for peace. “I wish to assure our stakeholders and candidates who have applied for different vacant positions in our university that they will be appointed purely on merit. ALSO READ: Gombe partners Energy Commission of Nigeria to make state energy hub “I want to refute all allegations levelled against the vice-chancellor and the governing council that they are trying to impose person or persons to fill the position of the vice-chancellor and registrar respectively. “FUOYE Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Kayode Soremekun, is a hardworking, diligent, honest and trustworthy gentleman who believes in fairness. “He is planning to make sure that the peace that he has been sustaining in the university for over four years remains after his tenure ends. “The vice-chancellor is also determined to ensure that nobody is deprived of his or her rightful positions in as much as such person qualifies for the position that he or she applied for,” he said. Ademuyiwa also said the university’s Governing Council led by Dr Mohammed Yahuza, whom he described as a transparent man, was committed to developing it and making appointments based on merit. He added that the institution’s management is only advising those bent on destroying the good image of the vice-chancellor and the institution by spreading false information regarding the recruitment of staff, to stop. “The door of the corporate services department of the university is always open to anybody who wishes to verify any information regarding the mode of recruiting or any other issue,” he said. Ademuyiwa, however, charged journalists not to allow themselves to be used to spread false information which could destroy the image FUOYE. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com