The Saudi Arabia government has finally released an indigene of Zamfara State, Hafeez Ibrahim Ibrahim after spending three and half years in detention for alleged drugs trafficking. Mallam Ibrahim who arrived the Zamfara on Tuesday was received by Governor Bello Mohammed Mattawale at the Government House Gusau after which he was handed over to his family. According to Governor Matawalle, Ibrahim was in detention for alleged drugs trafficking, adding that he was framed up while travelling to Saudi Arabia. Matawalle said: “Alhamdulillah, today Mallam Hafeez Ibrahim Ibrahim united with his family after a long period in detention in Saudi Arabia.” He explained that the Saudi Arabian government finally discharged and acquitted Ibrahim because “he was found to have committed no offence.” The governor, therefore, advised people in the state to be extra careful and vigilant with their luggage when travelling to Saudi Arabia. He thanked both the Saudi Arabian and Nigerian governments for their efforts in ensuring his release. In his remarks, the Islamic scholar thanked all those who facilitated his release at all levels both within and outside the country.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… drugs trafficking | drugs trafficking | drugs trafficking FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.