The election of President Muhammadu Buhari was accompanied with a strong optimism full of hope and faith that the APC led government would guarantee a better life to Nigerians. Evidently, Nigerians both home and abroad are disappointed not to have seen remarkable changes over the last few years. Without a doubt, Nigerians have also expected positive changes since his re-election as the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, but truth be told, the Buhari administration has not only performed below expectation but it has also under harvested opportunities both within and without the country making it so difficult for this administration to secure a landmark victory in improving the life expectancy of Nigerians. The recent hike in the price of fuel and the increase of electricity tariff in Nigeria has not only brought untold hardship to Nigerians but has also revealed that the APC led government under the leadership of Buhari has failed woefully in advancing the chances of making Nigeria a better place. It therefore becomes needful to question the effectiveness of the People’s Democratic Party ( PDP) as a major opposition party in Nigeria. It is trite to ask if the PDP and other opposition parties have not lost their focus in the place of legitimate criticisms. Arguably, the APC was a better opposition party few years ago. Thus, if truly the PDP is competent, then it should break the silence and fight for the interest of Nigerians at this time when the country is in a deep mud by placing legitimate criticisms at the ruling government. Where are those that took to the streets in 2012 to protest against the fuel subsidy removal by Goodluck Jonathan, they should all come out and do the same thing against Buhari now? Beyond reasonable doubt, the covid19 pandemic has affected the economies of most countries of the world of which Nigeria is not left out, however, it is the responsibility of the government to manage challenges optimally. If the government had done the needful over the years by putting in place structures to diversify the economy, perhaps the country wouldn’t be in this mess. Could this be the change Buhari promised Nigerians? The ability of a leader to transform the nation’s economy at a very difficult time is a clear indication of competence and responsibility. Without a doubt, purposeful leadership is very paramount to moving a country forward. In a bid to move Nigeria forward, upcoming leaders should start seeing leadership positions as a call to service and humanity and not for merry making. This is also a wakeup call to Nigerian youths to start advocating for diplomatic democracy and sustainable development, however we shouldn’t be divided along ethnic, religious and party lines. Also, as a matter of urgency, there is need for opposition parties to set their compass and retrace their focus in the place of legitimate criticisms. Ishola Akinwale Victor victorakinwale2@gmail.com  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections, saying it may impose travel restrictions on the perpetrators and prosecute them under international law. Presidency’s Reaction To Our Intervention Disappointing, Say Afenifere, NEF, Ohanaeze, PANDEF, MBF NIGERIAN leaders and elders under the aegis of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere; Northern Elders Forum (NEF); Ohanaeze Ndi’gbo, Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) and the Middle-Belt Forum (MBF), on Monday described as “deeply disappointing and worrying” the way the presidency chose to react to the pieces of advice offered by the groups and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on better ways to move the country forward. Soyinka Backs Obasanjo, Says Nigeria Now More Divided Under Buhari Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka has backed claims by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, saying Nigeria is presently more divided under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com