An officer with the Directorate of State Security (DSS), Abuja, Sadiq Abdullahi Bindawa who was kidnapped on Saturday was reportedly killed during a shootout between his colleagues and the kidnappers. Tribune Online reports that Bindawa was kidnapped in his residence in Katsina on Saturday when he came for the weekend. It was gathered that the deceased was kidnapped as soon as he arrived from Abuja. The kidnappers, it was learnt, called his family members and demanded a ransom of N25m. His family members later negotiated and agreed to pay N5m to the kidnappers. However, it was gathered his office was contacted and his colleagues pleaded that they wanted to go and pay the ransom on behalf of the family. At the meeting point, it was gathered that the DSS operatives ambushed the kidnappers during the payment of ransom. Many bandits reportedly lost their lives in the shootout that ensued. It was gathered that those who escaped bandits went back to their hideout, killed Bindawa and dumped his body in the bush. Another account said the DSS officer was killed after the bandits collected the N5m ransom from his family members. As at the time of filing the report, the Katsina police command image maker, Isah Gambo said that the command is yet to be brief on the incident.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. Imported Poultry Foods Now Infected With COVID-19 ― Customs The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has put its officers stationed at all border points, airports and seaports on red alert, warning them to be extra vigilant over the importation of poultry products because some have been found to contain Covid-19. JUST IN: Emir Of Biu, Umar Mustapha Is Dead The Emir of Biu in Borno State, Mai Umar Mustapha Aliyu is dead. He died on Monday night at the Federal Medical Center Gombe after a brief illness. Osinbajo Departs Abuja For ECOWAS Extraordinary Summit In Accra Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will depart Abuja Tuesday for Accra, Ghana to attend an Extraordinary Summit of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on the situation in Mali. Edo: INEC Deploys Five Resident Electoral Commissioners Ahead of Saturday’s governorship election in Edo State, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has finally deployed five Residents Electoral Commissioners to the state to complement their counterpart, Mr Johnson Alalibo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com