Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom on Friday said that the huge sum of money with its attendance fanfare that always accompanies project commissioning had prompted his unwillingness to inaugurate any project in six years of his administration. According to the governor, the funds to celebrate the commissioning of projects could have been used to initiate and execute other projects such as the provision of amenities to communities in need. But the governor who inaugurated the 47.52 kilometres, Zaki-Biam, Afia – Gbeji road in Ukum Local Government Area (LGA); the Mbaton – Amaafu electricity project as well as the Central primary school, both in Katsina-Ala LGA of the state yesterday said he had to yield to pressure from his allies among them his predecessor, Senator Gabriel Suswam. The governor also said, it came to his notice that some of his critics had gone to town that he had not done anything worthwhile, hence his inability to commission projects. ALSO READ: Two Nigerians arrested for allegedly defrauding German firm of €14.7 million in COVID-19 scam While commissioning the school project in Katsina-Ala, Governor Ortom noted that government had accessed a N4 billion facility and approved the construction of 1000 schools, as well as the renovation of 99 others for the year 2020 projects. Also speaking at the occasion, immediate past governor of the state, Senator Gabriel Suswam pointed out that he prevailed on Governor Ortom to commission the projects, insisting that if he doesn’t, it would be presumed he has done nothing worthwhile commissioning. He observed that it was no mean feat for the Governor to construct and rehabilitate projects, just as he advised benefiting communities to take ownership of the project. Earlier, Chairman, Ukum LGA, Steve Ayua commended the Governor on the exploits he had done in project provisions in the state. He also appealed to the Governor to work towards ensuring the construction of the 50 kilometres, Sankera-Chito-Vaase road that had impeded on development in the area.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY