The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Ardova PLC (AP), Olumide Adeosun, has said that the business model of the new board of directors of the company has yielded positive returns as evidenced in the financial result of the company for the year 2019. At the company’ Annual General Meeting held virtually in Lagos, Adeosun in his comments on the 2019 financial performance, stated that “following the entry of the new management in 2019, our vision was to create an energy firm that will become the brand of choice for consumers. Our strategy to deliver on this goal is to be laser-focused in increasing operational efficiency and leveraging our core assets to maximise growth.” He said it was on this premise, the board divested from non-core subsidiaries, a strategic move that quickly resulted in a cleaner balance sheet and a healthy platform from which our resulting growth stems. “It is against this backdrop that we delivered a 31 per cent year-on-year growth in revenue and a 520 per cent year-on-year growth in profitability.” Adeosun also noted that “Our 2019 financial results mark the start of our repositioning plan. We will continue to be deliberate about building an energy company designed for the future, and our performance over the latter half of 2019 shows that moving forward on this course will set us on the right path to our long-term goals. We remain committed to delivering improved profitability and value for shareholders in 2020, as this remains a core component of our transformation.” In a statement addressing the shareholders, AbdulWasiu Sowami, Chairman, AP said; “On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to inform our shareholders that the change in strategy introduced by our new management has begun to yield returns. Despite what was a challenging economic environment, the evolution of our business model to one focused on improving operational efficiencies, leveraging existing core assets and positioning the company to be at the forefront of renewable energy distribution in Nigeria has led to significant improvement in our top and bottom line. We will continue to focus on delivering value to our shareholders as we continue to drive the growth and profitability of our business”. Key highlights for 2019 Financial Year indicate an increase in shareholders’ funds by 15.6 per cent year-on-year to N17.5 billion in FY 2019 (FY2018: N15.1 billion) as a result of a 38 per cent growth in retained earnings. The company also improved its operational efficiency and increased its volumes and margins for all its products, resulting in total volume growth of 37.4 per cent  y-o-y from 804.7 million in FY 2018 to 1.1 billion in FY 2019. In compliance with social distancing measures designed to curb the spread of COVID-19, in-person shareholder attendance at the AGM was by proxy whilst the meeting was simultaneously streamed live online for the benefit of all the AP’s shareholders not physically present.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.