ARI, the Indian partners of the Maritime Academy of Nigeria (MAN) has assured the academy that the first multi-functional classroom simulator which contains softwares like the ECDIS, GMDSS, APAR RADARM high voltage training software, Rules Of The Road, DP, Pilotage and Blind Pilotage all integrated into it, would arrive Nigeria by end of September 2020. Disclosing this in a brief made available to newsmen recently, the Rector of MAN, Commodore Duja Effedua (rtd) explained that the current management has been able to upgrade the academy’s equipment by acquiring three state-of-the-art simulators, namely the Full Mission Bridge Simulator, the Full Mission Engine Room Simulator and the Multi-functional Classroom Simulator which is the latest in marine training simulators and can sit up to 30 cadets in a work station. According to Duja Effedua, who has a year left on his four years tenure as MAN Rector, “The multi-functional class room has the ECDIS, GMDSS, APAR RADARM high voltage training software, Rules Of The Road, DP, Pilotage and Blind Pilotage and the DP integrated in it. It is pertinent to state that the academy is the only institution in Africa that has the Multifunctional Classroom. On September 3, 2020, our partners, the ARI of India assured us that all the Simulators will be in Nigeria by the end of September 2020 as soon as the embargo on international flights gets relaxed. “In order to avoid the mistakes of the past, the academy has trained 15 of its ICT staff as both users and maintainers at the manufacturer’s facilities in India. The ICT team was fully involved in the training as they can now assemble, dismantle as well as carry out repairs on the simulators. The academy will therefore not need to fall back to the manufacturers for maintenance.” In the area of training, the Rector stated that, “Apart from cadets training, the Academy is also involved in the retraining/training of staff of the maritime industry.  From January 2018 to March 2020, before the national lockdown, a total of 8,508 seafarers including participants for Certificate of Competence were successfully trained.  The breakdown of the number of seafarers trained is as follows: Number of Certificate of Competence participants is 1,707; while number of Mandatory Short Courses participants stands at 6,801. “The Management has been able to buy publications and provide training materials such as free laptops for cadets. The classrooms are now smart class rooms equipped with smart boards and other electronic teaching aids, all air-conditioned.  Our hostels are now en-suite.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi
In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils
Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee.
Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert
Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide.
Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com