A woman, Rashidat Oladipupo has approached Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, pleading that it stopped her 23-year-old marriage to her husband, Kassim Oladipupo. Rashidat had sued for divorce on the grounds of laziness, irresponsibility, and neglect. The plaintiff further entreated the court to grant her custody of their four children whom he had failed to play the role of a father towards. Kassim refused to appear in court  despite been served three summonses. Rashidat explained that, “My husband is lazy and never willing to work. “I’ve been the breadwinner in our home since we got married 23 years ago. Kassim has no shame and has always feels comfortable with this. “I have encouraged him on many occasions to take up different jobs but he always displayed no interest in them. “Kassim was learning fashion designing when we met. I sponsored his graduation ceremony and bought him a sewing machine and some other tools. “I told him to look for a shop and I paid for the rent. “My lord, my husband never sewed a piece of cloth there. He complained of a thousand and one things and later closed the shop. “I work hard to ensure that our children never lack; I leave home early after preparing him and the children breakfast and rush back in the evening to make supper but he still complains I give him no attention. “I have been paying the house rent and training our children in school for more than two decades since he’s indifferent to their welfare. “Our children stopped asking him for their needs a long time a go because he would shout on them and ask them to come to me any time they did. “Rather than show appreciation for my efforts in seeing that the home is well run, Kassim took to ridiculing me before our children and friends. “He always referred to me as ATM. According to him, I never run out of money and I’m always ready to dispense it, “she stated. She added that, “I got him a car worth N830, 000 through a micro finance bank but he derailed in the payment. “As his guarantor, I had no other choice than to release the car to the bank since I didn’t have enough resources to make up for the balance. “Kassim and his family members were bitter and would have preferred that I offered myself to be sold to pay the balance of the debt than have the car withdrawn from him. “They took to soiling my reputation and lied that I was dating officials of the bank. “My lord, none of his family members ever offered a helping hand since we have been living from hand to mouth as a result of their son’s lazy behaviour. “I look worn out and older than my age because of the stress I go through on daily basis but the best I could from Kassim and his family members are insults. “My lord, I entreat this honourable court to separate us and grant me custody of our four children so that they don’t suffer, “she pleaded. Giving his judgment after hearing the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade stated that the non appearance of the defendant in court after been served three court summonses showed that he was not interested in saving their marriage. Ruling, Odunade dissolved their wedlock and awarded custody of their four children to the plaintiff. The defendant was asked to give the plaintiff N20, 000 defendant was obviously it was obvious that the defendant was no more interested in their wedlock and not willing  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY