The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has said that the Corps made 364,000 arrests, booked 36,463 offenders for 405,338 traffic infractions in the past nine months. The FRSC Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi made this disclosure exclusively known to Nigerian Tribune. Boboye, therefore, noted that it is the reason why the Corps established offices in all the local governments. “It would interest you to look at our activities and the offences and the number of arrests we have made from January till date. “We have arrested about 364,000 people and 36,463 offenders were arrested for 405,338 offences. We are working and you can see the average. Look at 364,000 arrests in the past eight and a half months. “That is an average of 90,000 offenders arrested. Yet, we are not there,” he said. The Corps Marshal attributed the incessant crashes across the country to overspeeding. Boboye, therefore, emphasized the need to raise the level of enforcement prior to the end of the year. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. PHOTOS: PDP Leaders From The North Hold Crucial Talks With Obasanjo, Babangida Some leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the Northern part of the country on Sunday evening held talks with former President Olusegun Obasanjo in Abeokuta, Ogun State, in what they called an advocacy visit to the former leader. ICYMI: Trump Paid Only 750 Dollars In Federal Income Tax In 2016 ― NY Times Donald Trump paid just 750 dollars in federal income tax in 2016, the year he won the US presidential election, the New York Times wrote in an explosive investigative report late Sunday. TRENDING: Uduaghan Returns To PDP Former governor of Delta State, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan, officially returns to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). | traffic infractions | traffic infractions | traffic infractions | SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com