Residents of Sokoto and its environments have cried out over the incessant price of foodstuffs and other commodities in the state. They also condemned the decision of the federal government through Disco’s and other relevant agencies for the increment on their charges at this period. Some of the residents who spoke with our correspondent called on the government to look into the current situation which they described as unbearable. They described the current economic status of most Nigerians as too bad to accommodate the frequent increase on basics things needed for survival by average Nigerian citizens. Meanwhile, an investigation conducted by our correspondent in Sokoto revealed that a bag of rice which hitherto goes for N16,000  in May this year has suddenly gone to N28,000. A plate of local rice in Sokoto has also jumped to N1,400 as against N650 while a plate of millet also moves to N600 from N200. Mallam Mansur Abubakar, who sells foodstuffs in Sokoto Central market condemned the situation in the foodstuffs market. “I have been in this business for close to thirty (30) years now, but believe me sincerely if I say this current situation is strange. “Our survivor in this country is in the hand of God alone as the current leadership of the country has failed us woefully. “Even we that sells the foodstuffs are finding it difficult to eat as the price of these things are no more for the average citizens of the country. “The most annoying part is even the increment in the electricity charges and the price of petrol in the country. “This is a wrong time for any responsible government to do any increment, considering the fact that we are just coming out of lockdown problem in which many people lost their jobs. “I appeal to the federal government to help us and consider the plight of ordinary Nigerians who finds it extremely difficult to survive at this period,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun
FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Sokoto residents groan  Sokoto residents groan E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper.
E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…Sokoto residents groan  Sokoto residents groan 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna
Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Sokoto residents groan  Sokoto residents groan FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY