The lifeless body of a young man was found in a two-bedroom flat at Okuokoko in Okpe Local Government Area of Delta State after he committed suicide on Sunday. Residents in the area claimed the deceased simply identified as Efe had attempted suicide about a month ago after his girlfriend reportedly jilted him. According to the residents, containers of unknown poisonous substances were found beside his lifeless body on Sunday. The deceased’s neighbour stated that: “This is something that has happened before. He was rushed to the hospital once before it reoccurred. Right now, nobody knows what happened. He was just found dead in his house.” Nigerian Tribune gathered that relations had to forcefully enter into the apartment after Efe was last seen over 24 hours ago entering his flat. In another development, an unidentified motorcycle operator was on Tuesday killed by a moving trailer in Asaba, Delta State capital. The bike rider was allegedly being chased by revenue taskforce officials for plying the Asaba-Onitsha expressway when the accident occurred. The state government had outlawed the operation of motorcycles and tricycles along the expressway in town. It was gathered that the taskforce officials hurriedly disappeared from the scene after the victim died for fear of being mobbed by angry youths. Eyewitness account said: “The tanker driver mistakenly killed him and immediately he (the driver) escaped from being mobbed. He ran to report himself at the B’ Divisional police station along the expressway. “The mob later took the tanker’s registration number: FGG 420 YQ to the station, together with the yet to be dispensed content.” The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya’s phone was switched off at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. Imported Poultry Foods Now Infected With COVID-19 ― Customs The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has put its officers stationed at all border points, airports and seaports on red alert, warning them to be extra vigilant over the importation of poultry products because some have been found to contain Covid-19. JUST IN: Emir Of Biu, Umar Mustapha Is Dead The Emir of Biu in Borno State, Mai Umar Mustapha Aliyu is dead. He died on Monday night at the Federal Medical Center Gombe after a brief illness. Osinbajo Departs Abuja For ECOWAS Extraordinary Summit In Accra Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will depart Abuja Tuesday for Accra, Ghana to attend an Extraordinary Summit of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on the situation in Mali. Edo: INEC Deploys Five Resident Electoral Commissioners Ahead of Saturday’s governorship election in Edo State, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has finally deployed five Residents Electoral Commissioners to the state to complement their counterpart, Mr Johnson Alalibo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com