Nigeria is known as one of the leading oil-producing countries in the world but Nigerians, particularly the poor masses, have been under tremendous pain as they have been paying astronomical prices for petroleum products, especially as a litre of petrol is currently sold for over N160 per litre in most parts of Nigeria since last week. The fact, however, is that it is the only the rich that would benefit immensely from this hike in petrol price while many will continue to wallow in abject poverty. The Federal Government should not do anything at this moment that is capable of bringing this nation into chaos as Nigerians are fully ready to protest against hike in petrol price. The increase in the price of petrol products is a call for protest. It is also a call for increased poverty and agony; many businesses have been paralyzed as a result of the ongoing coronavirus. The truth is that this is not the right time to increase the price of petrol. President Muhammad Buhari and his advisers should listen to public opinions. The Federal Government should direct marketers to reverse the price of petrol and use the recovered loot to lift many Nigerians out of poverty by helping them with palliatives instead of increasing the price of petrol. The hike in price of petrol portends more hardship for poor Nigerians. President Muhammadu Buhari should have mercy on the poor masses. Mumin Jimoh Esq. Ibadan.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com