A provision trader, Hahiya Zainab Mabinuori, on Thursday pleaded with a Customary Court sitting at Ile-Tuntun in Ibadan to grant her request for divorce because she is afraid of contracting Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs) from her husband, Nurudeen. Mabinuori, who resides in Muslim-Odinjo area in Ibadan, told the court that she stopped performing her wifely role because Nurudeen has an STD. “I stopped sleeping with him because he has STDs. “Sometime in March 2014, Nurudeen infected me. “I got very ill. When I asked him what was going on, he said he had a boil on his private parts and that he may have transferred it to me. ALSO READ: Mali’s governing body given one week to put in place demands of ECOWAS “I told him to take care of his boil. He refused. I subsequently made him realise that until he seeks medical attention, I will no longer allow him to touch me again,” she alleged. Earlier, Nurudeen, a technician asked the court to grant his wife’s prayers for divorce. He alleged that she was stubborn and does not respect him. “All the efforts made to resolve the problems I have with her has failed. She keeps frustrating peace. “In fact, she seized my shoes and car keys and tore my cloth last week because I did not give her feeding allowance on time,” Nurudeen stated. The president of the court, Chief Henry Agbaje, asked the couple to provide more evidence to substantiate their arguments. He adjourned the matter until Sept. 30 for further hearing and advised them to maintain peace. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. contracting STDs Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com