One of the observers in the September 19 governorship election in Edo State, Intercontinental Leadership Initiative, has queried the integrity of the election. Country Head of the organisation, Mr Stafford Bisong, who spoke in Benin on Monday. said that his group h had its officials across the 18 Local Government Area of Edo during the election, noting that the non-functional card readers used for the poll across the state, interrogated the integrity of the poll. The Intercontinental Leadership Initiative added that another issue which also cast doubt on the integrity of the election was Tue failure to display voters registers five days before the election as prescribed by the electoral act. Another finding by the organisation, according to Bisong, was the late arrival of sensitive and non-sensitive materials in about 80 per cent of polling units in most polling units, especially in the metropolitan councils of Oredo, Ikpoba-Okha and Egor Local Government Areas. While calling on the need for improvement on the country’s voting process, he expressed the need to display voters register on time for eligible voters to know their voting units. ALSO READ: NSE: Investors move 196.1 million shares on positive trade “We discovered a lot of discrepancies on the field during the election and we concluded that there is more to desire in our electoral voting procedure. Both sensitive and non-sensitive materials relatively late in 80 per cent of the polling units, prominent in Oredo, Ikpoba-Okha and Egor. Voting commenced around 1.30 pm in some parts of these polling units,” he noted. “Another one is the issue of the voters’ register. The register was pasted just less than 24 hours to the election and this made it difficult for many. We again discovered that the voter’s register was not updated, as a result, this made it impossible for many not to participate in the exercise,” he added. “Finally, non-functional card readers as noticed across the State led to the issue of multiple voting in parts of the polling units. 80 per cent of these card readers malfunctioned as they were not authenticating fingerprints of the voters which led to manual use of authentication.” He also condemned the failure to adhere to the guidelines of the COVID-19 protocols as released by the Independent National Electoral Commission  (INEC). The challenges notwithstanding, Bisong said the election was fair and credible because “many voters turn out.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com