Beginning from next year, the Lagos State government will make the common entrance examinations into its model colleges and upgraded junior secondary school strictly computer-based test (CBT) examination. At the moment, the exam is being conducted in two versions, CBT and paper and pencil(PPT) format giving every candidate a choice to make. The state’s Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, gave this revelation on Saturday while inaugurating the commencement of this year’s edition and the CBT version of the examination at the headquarters of the state’s Examinations Board at Iyana-Ipaja, Agege, where the CBT format always holds. Represented by the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Mrs Abosede Adelaja, the commissioner said the decision to start conducting the exam which is for primary six pupils strictly online is to be in conformity with best global practices. She said only 210 candidates against 125 of that of last year edition chose to write this year’s exam with the computer and that 47 of them participated on Saturday while the rest 163 would have their turn between next Monday and Wednesday at the same venue. Mrs Adefisayo, in a statement by the public relations officer of the state’s Examinations Board, Mr Fatai Bakare, added that up to 8,000 others would do a handwritten version of the exam in paper and pencil on Saturday, October 3rd across the six education districts in the state. She implored parents and guardians to encourage their children and wards on the use of modern -technology gadgets not only because it is the way to go nowadays but also because of the incorporation of technology into the school curriculum. While also urging the pupils to put in their best as only limited space is available for admission, she emphasised that the admission would be strictly on merit. Lagos State has a total of 16 model colleges and Vetland Grammar School Agege as the upgraded secondary school into which the candidates are seeking admission across the state. Mr Bakare had earlier told Sunday Tribune that while up to 12, 000 candidates sat the exam last year, this year’s total figure is yet to be collated due to coronavirus pandemic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt…Lagos common entrance exam  Lagos common entrance exam Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…Lagos common entrance exam  Lagos common entrance exam Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja…Lagos common entrance exam  Lagos common entrance exam NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com