VETSARK Limited an innovation power house for solutions to challenges confronting Africa’s agricultural and health system and the Nigerian Veterinary Medical Association (NVMA), have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on ways to address the challenges facing vetetrenarians in Nigeria through the use of technology. Chief Executive Officer, Vetsark Limited, Mr. Blessing Mene, while addressing journalists during the MoU signing in Lagos, said the enormity of the challenges facing the sector prompted the partnership, stating that support by Vetsark to veterinarians in the country and the continent has become imperative. “One of the things we have observed is that livestock production contributes to one-third of Nigeria’s agriculture Gross Domestic Product (GDP). When you think about animal health, it is closely linked with human health. If the animals in the society are not healthy, the humans will not be healthy, so this is a very important sector of the Nigerian economy. “When you take a look at how much losses are suffered yearly to animal diseases outbreak or things happening within the sector, you’ll see that in Africa alone over $3billion is lost according to the World Organisation for Animal Health. “So supporting veterinarians in this country and the continent is a major priority for Vetsark, and that is why we want to provide the tools and digital infrastructure that they need to excel in their practice,” he said. Mene said the official partnership would allow Vetsark to provide technical infrastructure to the NVMA and members of the body across the country. “One of the things we are hoping to achieve with the partnership is that we are going to be rolling out an Ambassador’s Programme that will benefit between 100 and 200 veterinarians across the country, who are expected to be unburden on this programme. We are also making it open to all veterinarians who have veterinary hospitals or clinic by providing them with veterinary practice management software, it is a telemedicine platform that can be used to reach out to pet owners and farm owners.” In his remarks, the Acting President, NVMA, Dr. Ibrahim Ado Shehu said as almost everything in the world now revolves around technology, it is a good development for NVMA to partner Vetsark, as they can provide the technology to the members of the association to enhance their operations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…