The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has said that the proposed Data Protection Bill 2020, would provide protection for all internet users in Nigeria, when passed into law. The Director-General of NITDA, Mr Kashifu Inuwa, said this, recently, at an online workshop organised by the agency for Data Protection Officers (DPOs) and Focal Persons in Abuja. The workshop had in discussion, synopsis of the bill, its implications for organisations and understanding the role of DPOs. Represented by Dr Vincent Olatunji, NITDA Director, e-Government Development and Regulation,Inuwa recalled that Nigeria Data Protection Regulation (NDPR) was formed on January 25, 2019 to ensure that data of citizens were protected as well as boost the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) economy of Nigeria. He said the workshop was organised as part of the agency’s strategic engagement to deepen the implementation of the NDPR and the proposed Data Protection Bill. He also said that data protection was part of the regulation pillar of the National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy (NDEPS),which would facilitate a new economic paradigm for innovative and hardworking Nigerians. “The DPOs are the true harbingers of data protection compliance. A DPO should be independent and report directly to the appropriate management level of the organisation in order to ensure effective management of privacy risks. “The DPOs should be involved in the management of all issues which relate to the processing of personal data; be expert in data protection legislation, regulation and practice; act as a contact point for the supervisory authority. “They are also saddled with the responsibility to regularly inform the organisation’s leadership and employees of their obligations as they relate to personal data and provide advice in respect of privacy impact assessments conducted by their organisation,” he said. Inuwa urged participants at the workshop to prepare their organisations towards absolute data protection and improve compliance to information security. Mr Franklin Akinsuyi, a Data Protection expert said DPOs were meant to promote data protection, privacy and ensure impact assessment, among other data related issues. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave?
The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria
THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari
EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com