Chairman, Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Professor Yakubu Mahmoud, has dismissed rumours that the commission would postpone the gubernatorial elections in Edo and Ondo States already billed to hold in September and October respectively. The commission had slated the elections for Edo on September 19, 2020, and that of Ondo for October 10, 2020. Mahmood maintained that the upcoming gubernatorial elections in Edo and Ondo State will not be postponed. The Chairman of the commission said this when the National Peace Committee addressed newsmen in Abuja on their efforts to promote peaceful elections. To buttress his point, Mahmood said the postponement of the Edo elections in 2016, was not entirely the decision of the Independent National Electoral Commission but purely, a matter of security concerns raised by the experts. He said same security concern was communicated to the commission which had to act on the expert counsel of the security agencies. The Chairman of the commission also cleared the air on the rumoured allegation that the Edo state Resident Electoral Commissioner was a card-carrying member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) maintained that he had no absolute control in the decision to appoint a resident electoral commissioner. According to Mahmood: “The 2016 postponement is true, but we didn’t cause that. As a Commissioner, we were prepared, but we had a security report and we had to postpone the election. “Like in 2016, the Commissioner is ready. I don’t foresee any need to postpone the election. We are fully ready and the elections will hold. “I’ll be in Edo from Saturday and be there till Wednesday. At the end of the day, we will have something good. I’ll return to Abuja and monitor the election from the situation room.” He insisted that the election will be a free and fair reflection of the will of the people. Speaking on the Edo election member of the National Peace Commission, Bishop Matthew Kukah, in his remarks, said candidates of various political parties in the race will on Tuesday sign the peace pact binding all parties to a free and fair election. He said this will be done in the state Capital to be witnessed by the respective supporters of the candidates in the elections. He pointed out that key traditional rulers and other stakeholders will also be in-ground to witness the ceremony and ensure that all candidates abide by the code of conduct enunciated in the electoral Act. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…INEC dismisses rumours  INEC dismisses rumours COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…INEC dismisses rumours  INEC dismisses rumours Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…INEC dismisses rumours  INEC dismisses rumours SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com