The Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) has called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to advance its technology in the electoral process in order to achieve e-voting for future elections. IPAC said this move would sanitise the electoral process in Nigeria and guarantee free, fair and credible elections across the country. Addressing journalists on what he tagged ‘State of the Nation’, the IPAC Chairman, Dr Leonard Nzenwa, said IPAC supports all democratic enhancing contributions made by myriads of stakeholders in the past and recently towards reforming our electoral system and processes. “The use of the Zip with Z-File, a tablet with a camera, which at the end of voting and sorting out of ballots would take a picture and transmit same to a dedicated portal for everyone to view the polling unit result live and direct helped a great deal in promoting transparency and credibility in the Edo polls. “We urge INEC to further deepen the use of technology to improve on the card reader and its authentication and work with stakeholder to ensure that e-voting is made a reality in Nigeria,” he said. IPAC, however, called on Nigerians to use the opportunity provided by ongoing constitutional review and amendment exercise to make a contribution on electoral reform that will aid in deepening further use of technology, enhance the independence of INEC, strengthen political parties and improve the voting process. ALSO READ: Queen Elizabeth II congratulates Nigeria on 60th Independence Anniversary On security, IPAC said if Boko Haram can attack a sitting governor in the North-East, that means there is a serious problem. “If Boko Haram can on two occasions over the last one week narrowly missed killing a sitting governor in the North East where they continue to kill, maim and destroy homes, and also inflict fear on farmers not to go to their farms then we have a real catastrophe in our hands. “This is no more emergency. We are a nation at war in the North-East, banditry in North-West with ritual killings, kidnapping, armed robbery and fraternal cultism tearing down the South. IPAC said it sees regular Fuel Increase and Electricity hike during this period when Nigerians are still struggling to cope with debilitating impact from COVID-19 and its aftermath as a double blow for death delivered on Nigerians and called on President Buhari to come to the aid of Nigerians. On Edo election, IPAC commended the INEC and the people of Edo State for standing to protect their votes and urged the Ondo people to maintain peace as they choose their governor on October 10th. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com