The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), has intensified awareness campaigns against all forms of corruption in schools and other institutions across Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara states. Mr Ibrahim Alkali, the ICPC Commissioner in charge of the three states disclosed this when Correspondent Chapel of Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), visited the commission on Friday in Sokoto. Alkali said the commission works with established anti-corruption committees in institutions as well as anti-corruption groups in schools and National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) community development groups on the struggle. He said the commissions’ officials ensured periodic awareness meetings with groups aimed at inculcating moral discipline among students as well as educate people on, rudiments and dangers of corruption in order to change the people’s mindsets. Alkali stressed that the commission conducted interactive sessions with officials of Sokoto State Universal Primary Education Board (SUBEB), Usmanu Danfodio University Teaching Hospital (UDUTH) this month. He added that such exercise continued in other institutions across the three states. According to him, much has been achieved by the commission in line with its mandate on sensitising, investigation and prosecution of offenders in order to prevent corruption in all ramifications. He also explained that media practitioners were the best tools in the fight against corruption and urged Correspondent Chapel to cooperate with the commission on the struggle. ALSO READ: NEMA urges Osun govt to take proactive measures against flood “ICPC secured many convictions and numerous cases are on investigation stages across the three states. “We welcomed petitions; including anomalous petitioners when facts are adequately presented so that officials can takeover and verify according to lawful provisions. “I encourage journalists to work toward publicizing any anomaly suspected in terms of financial frauds, fluting procurement regulations and others criminalities,’’ Alkali said. He urged working journalists and the general public to make judicious use of Freedom of Information (FOI) Act in the struggle against corruption and other societal ills which were crippling nation’s progress. Responding, Chairman, Sokoto State Correspondent Chapel, Malam Habibu Harisu, said the visit was to familiarise with commission activities in Sokoto state and a possible partnership with working journalists in the state. Harisu, who is the Correspondent of News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), said the fight against corruption should be a collective responsibility of all Nigerians and assured journalist support in all strata across the state. He further assured to use journalistic opportunities on investigative journalism toward assisting the agency on its different activities. Tribune Online reports that the event witnessed questions and answers as well as presenting lectures on ICPC mandates and operational activities. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com