The kidnappers of a retired United States Army officer, Major Jide Ijadare, who was abducted at his palm oil factory located along Ijan-Ise Ekiti road in Ekiti State have demanded N20 million ransom. Ijadare and one of his staff were abducted by gunmen at Ijan Ekiti, Gbonyin Local Government area of Ekiti State, on Tuesday. A man identified as a contractor with the factory was allegedly shot dead by the kidnappers during the broad day attack. A member of Ijadare’s family confirmed to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) via telephone, on Wednesday, that the abductors had contacted one of them and demanded for N20 million ransom. “Yes, they contacted one of the family members this morning (Wednesday) and demanded for the sum. “The matter had been reported to the police since life was involved and they are also doing their own bit to ensure that the abducted are released in time.” However, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti State Command, Mr Sunday Abutu, said the command was not aware of any ransom being demanded by the abductors. “We are not aware of any ransom being demanded by the abductors. But our men are in the bush combing everywhere to ensure their release. “The police Commissoner, Mr Babatunde Mobayo, had deployed different units of police operatives in the factory and the surrounding forests. “We are assuring the people that the abductees will be released safe and sound and in good health, but we appeal to the public to give us useful information that can help our men and other local hunters we are working with.” The retired military man’s abduction came barely 48 hours after the Director, General Administration with the Local Government Service Commission, Mr David Jejelowo, was shot dead by assailants. Jejelowo was killed at his residence at Igirigiri, Odo Ado area of Ado Ekiti metropolis. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com