Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning. Bako, described by Zulum as a fallen warrior, was Commander of 25 Task Force Brigade of Operation Lafiya Dole in charge of Damboa and surrounding axis in southern Borno. He died at a military hospital in Maiduguri on Monday. Zulum, at the burial of the commander in Maiduguri on Tuesday, which was also attended by the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, and other government officials, paid tributes and announced house and cash donation to the immediate family of the deceased. “Indeed it is a very sad moment, this is not a loss to the family of Colonel Dahiru Chiroma Bako alone, not to the Nigerian military, it is a loss to Borno and indeed Nigeria. “Colonel Bako was a gallant and dogged military officer, under whose watch Damboa was never defeated. He was humble and committed in discharging his duties, he is part of the success recorded in degrading Boko Haram insurgency in Borno State. “He has been one of the greatest in trying to stabilise not only Borno but even the neighbouring Yobe State. We will remember his contributions forever, may almighty Allah reward him, and forgive him. “I am reliably informed that Col. Bako did not have a house of his own. We cannot ignore the family he left behind. We share their grief and nothing can equal his life. Nevertheless, I am pleased to announce that Borno State government will build a befitting house for the family of Colonel Bako. “I was also told that the Nigerian Army under the leadership of Lieutenant General Tukur Yusuf Buratai has offered a scholarship to his children, we will also support the family to complement the efforts of the military. “For the welfare of his family, Borno State government will release the sum of N20 million as support for them. A cheque to the effect will be ready later today or tomorrow morning,” Zulum said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Dino Melaye’s Revelation: How I Was Scammed To Support Buhari, Join APC In 2015 Senator Dino Melaye, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), represented Kogi West senatorial district in the Eighth Assembly and until last November, in the 9th National Assembly speaks in this exclusive interview on the leadership of the National Assembly under Senator Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila, review of the Nigerian Constitution, how he was scammed to support Buhari in 2015 and why President Muhammadu Buhari will never agree to a workable constitution for the country… 22 Deregistered Political Parties In Bauchi Demand Reregistration By INEC Bauchi State chapters of the 22 political parties deregistered by INEC for what was described as lack of national spread and non-performance but ordered to be reregistered by the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division have called on the INEC and Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission (BASIEC) to as a matter of fairness include their names and logos on the ballot papers for future elections… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com