The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has advised President Muhammadu Buhari to listen to advice from eminent Nigerians not to allow the nation to tumble from the cliff under his watch. A statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary in Abuja on Sunday, accused the Buhari Presidency of worsening “the sorry state in which it has plunged the nation by choosing to haul insults on Nigerians including former Presidents like Chief Olusegun Obasanjo and other well-meaning leaders, who are patriotically calling on his administration to end its divisive, suppressive and insensitive style of leadership that has ruined our nation.” The party alleged that the Buhari Presidency has become bereft of the fundamentals of governance as well as overwhelmed by its own failures and burden of guilt for the disunity, bloodletting and anguish that have enveloped our nation in the last five years. It added: “It is incontrovertible that the Buhari administration is leading Nigeria into a failed state, where citizens are not guaranteed of their safety; cannot afford the basic necessities of life and where governance has been crippled by incompetence, unbridled nepotism, promotion of injustice, executive high handedness, abuse of human right, disobedience to court orders, a brazen violation of constitutional provisions, acute corruption and violent muscling of elections. “Under Buhari, all sectors of our national life are in shambles; the productive sectors have been crippled; the nation has been pushed into the reverse gear; bandits, insurgents and marauders are freely ravaging communities and our citizens live in constant fear and extreme poverty. “Indeed, never in the history of our nation has the situation been this pathetic. ALSO READ: What Oyo APC factions agreed at Abuja meeting “While President Buhari recedes in the comfort and safety of the Presidential villa and reneged in his promise to lead from the front, Nigeria is being pushed to the fringes by marauders who are pillaging our citizens in various parts of our country, including Mr President’s home state of Katsina. “Furthermore, it smacks of shamelessness for the Buhari administration to be talking about corruption in PDP’s subsidy regime, when it has been caught neck-deep in unprecedented oil corruption that had ruined our economy, turned our nation into the poverty capital of the world and put our citizens in a dire strait. “Nigerians know it as a fact that before he was elected President, General Buhari, as he was then known; a former minister of Petroleum Resources, had publicly told Nigerians that subsidy was a fraud and that it never existed. Five years down the line, trillions of naira have been discovered to have been stolen under the subsidy regime of an administration over which he presides. “Today, life has become traumatizing for Nigerians as resources from the sale of crude oil have either been wasted or stolen by officials of the Buhari administration. “Furthermore, It is undebatable that the biggest achievement of a constitutional amendment in modern administration of our country is the entrenchment of a credible electoral process, which enabled President Buhari to win the election in 2015 from an opposition standpoint. Unfortunately, this noble achievement is being washed away in five years under the watch of President Buhari. “It, therefore, amounts to pretending to sanctimony for President Buhari to be preaching on term limit, whereas, his administration has done everything possible, breaking all known democratic norms and rules to debase credibility in our elections. “Our party implores President Buhari to pause, think of Nigeria and its people and heed wise counsel to save our nation from an imminent collapse, which this idling administration has foisted on all our people.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com