A 27- year-old, Manager, Godwin Edet, on Tuesday appeared in a Grade I Area Court in Kubwa, Abuja, over alleged misappropriation of N669, 811. The police charged Edet, who resides in Kubwa, Abuja is charged with criminal breach of trust, misappropriation and cheating. The Prosecution Counsel, John Okpa, told the court that the defendant, a manager at “Approach Nigeria Limited”, a company was entrusted with N1.165 million by the Managing Director of the company, Mr Chika Anthony between February and May. The prosecution said the defendant misappropriated N669, 811 from the said sum. He said that during police investigations, N20, 000 was recovered from him. Okpa said the offence contravened the provisions of sections 314, 309 and 321 of the Penal Code. ALSO READ: Makinde’s wife, UI women society seek partnership for women empowerment The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. The defence counsel, Taiye Okoya, urged the court to grant bail to his client in the most liberal terms. He said that a reliable surety would be provided if his client is granted bail. The judge, Mr Muhammad Adamu, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N500, 000 with one reasonable surety in like sum. Adamu ordered that the surety must reside within the court’s jurisdiction. He also ordered that the surety must present means of identification and adjourned the case until Sept. 18 for hearing. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… alleged misappropriation FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.