Last week, I dwelt on what I considered to be the ways and means by which Nigeria survived (or is surviving) the coronavirus pandemic. I thank God that even till now, the daily cases of infection and death have been on the decline. And I believe that this will continue till we are able to secure the vaccine against the plague. It is for the government to do its best to keep rallying support from the people towards a holistic health practice of all the protocols of social distancing, face masking, constant washing of hands and use of sanitisers. It should be a permanent way of life rather than periodic observance because of any pandemic.  REJOINDER Flowing from the piece on this topic published last week, I received calls and messages, by way of rejoinder, from well-meaning Nigerians, through which they expressed their own perspective of the issues surrounding COVID-19. Whereas I may not totally agree with these perspectives, I consider it proper to share some of them with you as follows.  Alex Ogundadegbe: “They didn’t create heaven and the earth. They are not God. Since March, no evil prophecy has come to pass. This one too will not come to pass in the name of Jesus! Kojubeelo! I have done my own findings at Gbagada and Ikeja General Hospitals. It surely pays some people to keep spreading Covid fears but through my findings God hasn’t allowed anyone to die in my environment. Ebola is stronger than COVID-19. People do what I tell them to do. Covidprenueurs should make their money.”  Peter Moronranti: “Don’t bother to argue Covid-19 with anybody in Lagos and Ogun. If you go to the other parts of the country, you will know Covid 19 is defeated. People go about their normal lives without fear or any outbreak.”  Esv Gabriel Ubuwere: “Nigerians pray a lot. As proof that our prayers are never wasted, God answered. Some countries go to war because the citizens of those countries, who should be praying, failed to do so and these things are spiritual. Demons who moved world leaders are responsible for wars and are also responsible for all major pandemic. You don’t have to believe me though.  Gbeminiyi Obileye: “I really do not think the government, especially at the federal, deserves any commendation. A government that gambled away over 30billion of our common patrimony in our most helpless state should be condemned! In the States, all you hear are humongous amounts but you can’t correlate it with the situation on ground. If anything further confirmed the clueless wickedness of our “dealers”, it’s this pandemic!”  Ilaje Trumpet: “No much to commend the government for. Our government only gave order without any necessary assistance, but the people of Nigeria painstakingly obeyed. I think the commendation should only go to the Nigerian masses who endured the suffering with their obedience to the harmful order. Thanks to God, we survived it.”  Obong Affang, Esq (Matters Arising): “My reading of things about COVID-19 in Nigeria is that in the minds of most Nigerians, we are now in post-COVID era. So they talk about COVID-19 only in the past tense of when there was lockdown. Social distancing is just a new lingo, not an attitude, those of us who wear masks in public places are still looked at as aliens or ‘over-sabi’ people. And thanks to the opening of all openable places and activities (including sports and cinemas); international flights etc. Life is back to normal and life is good. Now I hear of a second wave of infection in the Western countries for which flight connectivity to Nigeria is open. And recently, the NCDC had informed that 40% of passengers who arrived on a particular international flight tested positive to COVID-19, despite the introduction of pre-testing before travel rules. The Nigerian government is accusing the airlines of ineffectiveness in ensuring compliance. By the way, who is still monitoring what is happening in all the places that have since reopened: markets, schools, offices, worship places, public transportation etc. The days ahead look scary and unplanned for.” Like I said earlier, it is good to view issues from the perspectives of others, so that one is able to form a global view in considering them. There is a general feeling that the government has not properly accounted for the funds received from donors for COVID-19. There is no hard and fast rule about this other than that by now, there should be a verifiable rendition of accounts through an independent audit report. The government owes us this minimum duty in the least.  NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com