The Commissioner of Police, Kaduna State Umar Muri, has directed all Area Commanders(ACs) and Divisional Police Officers (DPOs) to identify, disarm and arrest anyone in unlawful possession of prohibited firearms. This was contained in a statement In a statement issued by the Command’s Spokesman, ASP Muhammad Jalige on Wednesday. The police boss asked the Area Commanders and DPOs to identify, disarm and arrest anyone who is in possession of prohibited firearms in the state. He also charged them to immediately organize enlightenment meetings for personnel of Neighbourhood Watch, Vigilante and local security outfits within their areas of responsibility to ensure they operate in conformity with extant laws guiding their establishment and operations. According to the statement, “following the directive of the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu NPM, mni on the clampdown on the proliferation of prohibited firearms in the country, the Commissioner of Police Kaduna State Police Command, CP Umar M Muri has ordered the strict enforcement of the directive in the State. “Consequently, he has directed all Area Commanders, Divisional Police Officers, and Heads of Tactical/Operation Units of the Command to immediately put in place measures to identify, isolate, disarm, arrest and prosecute any person and/or group unlawfully possessing firearms, particularly those prohibited. Buhari, Trailblazer In Modular Refinery Delivery ― Lai Mohammed The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, on Wednesday, said while previous administrations talked about modular refineries, only President…Disarm people with unlawful arms Disarm people with unlawful arms Palliative: FG Distributes Food Items To 80,405 Households In Sokoto The Federal Government has begun the distribution of 3,659.7 metric tonnes of grains to 80,405 households in Sokoto State…Disarm people with unlawful arms Disarm people with unlawful arms PHOTO NEWS: Protest Over Hike In Price Of Petrol, Electricity Tariff Ongoing In Yaba, Lagos A peaceful protest by members of the Joint Action Front against the hike in Petrol and Electricity by the federal government…Disarm people with unlawful arms NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com