The Taraba State Commissioner for Agriculture and Natural Resources, Dr David Ishaya, on Wednesday, said Nigeria risked food crisis as a result of the effects of COVID-19. Ishaya told our correspondent in Jalingo that the procurement and distribution of fertilizers and other farm inputs were delayed across many States because of the COVID-19 lockdown and border closures. The commissioner said the issue of the food crisis was extensively discussed recently when the President held a meeting with Governors, officials of the Central Bank and Minister of Agriculture. “For us in Taraba, we have not failed farmers in the procurement and distribution of fertilisers and other inputs at a subsidise rate, but till date, we have not been able to get fertilizers to our farmers. “We have since paid for over 100 trucks of fertilizers, but the company has not been able to blend the fertiliser for us because of the difficulty in sourcing the raw materials from Morocco and Switzerland as a result of the pandemic. “It’s not about Taraba alone, but the whole country. The Presidential initiative on fertiliser headed by the governor of Kebbi State has not been able to procure fertilizer for the country and this portends danger for our food security,” he said. Ishaya noted that the Taraba State government have sourced 20 trucks of fertiliser from the retail market for distribution to farmers especially for dry season farming to boost food production. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Ten Killed In Petrol Tanker Explosion In Kogi No fewer than ten people have lost their lives in a petrol tanker explosion in Lokoja, Kogi State on Wednesday morning. Tribune Online gathered that the petrol tanker rammed other vehicles at Felele in Lokoja and exploded as other incoming vehicles rammed it. Lagos Govt Rolls Out Low-Key 60th Independence Day Programmes Lagos State government, on Wednesday, rolled out programmes for the country’s 60th Independent anniversary celebration, saying the occasion would be low-key in the face of COVID-19 pandemic that has ravaged the whole world and the country inclusive. Nigeria risks food crisis SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com