A couple with three children go to a restaurant, relieved at being able to do so after months confined to homes, they have a good time and rack up a food bill of £100 pounds, but the waiter smilingly asks them to pay only £50 pounds – the rest will be paid by the UK government, Hindustan times reports. Over 53,000 restaurants, cafes and other outlets have signed up to the unique ‘Eat out to help out’ scheme introduced by chancellor Rishi Sunak to help the restaurant industry almost crippled by the coronavirus pandemic as well as encourage moves towards a COVID-secure semblance of normalcy. Under the scheme, diners who eat-in (not applicable to takeaways) will benefit from a 50% discount, up to a maximum of £10 per person, on food and non-alcoholic drinks, any Monday to Wednesday throughout August. There is no limit to the number of times it can be availed on those days. ‘Eat Out to Help Out’ stickers and posters have been displayed in windows of participating restaurants, cafes, bars and other establishments across the UK as part of the scheme that begins on August 1. They will claim the 50% discount given to customers from the government on a weekly basis. Sunak said: “Our restaurants, cafes and bars play a vital role in our economy, employing more than a million people. They have been hit hard by coronavirus, so it’s vital we do everything we can to help them recover”. “Our ‘Eat Out to Help Out’ scheme is designed to get more customers through the door – protecting jobs by giving businesses the confidence to retain and hire staff. More than 53,000 businesses across the country have already signed up”, he added. Eligible establishments are those in which food is sold for immediate on-premises consumption, such as restaurants; cafés; public houses that serve food; hotel restaurants; restaurants and cafes within tourist attractions, holiday sites and leisure facilities; dining rooms within members’ clubs; and workplace and school canteens. The discount is not applicable to alcoholic drinks. If customers consume alcohol, the discount will only be applied to food and non-alcoholic items consumed up to the limit of £10 per person. An online restaurant finder tool enables diners to identify participating outlets within five miles of their location. The outlets are required to maintain COVID-secure conditions in their establishments, including measures such as hand sanitisers, noting contact details of customers and rearranging furniture to ensure distancing between tables. The scheme is one of the Boris Johnson government’s measures to begin to revive sectors of the economy while imposing local lockdown and restrictions in some cities where there has been a recent spike in new infections, such as Leicester and areas of north England.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… food bill | food bill | food bill | food bill | food bill FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY