PALPABLE tension has seized residents of Edo State as they and other Nigerians wait on the Independent National  Electoral Commission (INEC) to release the official election results of the governorship election held in the state on Saturday. The build-up to the election had been characterised by large scale violence, raising temperature to feverpitch, although  the election was largely peaceful in most parts of the state. However, a yet-to-beidentified woman said to be in her 30s  was shot dead in Ward 10, Ovia South-West Local Government Area of the state, as armed thugs stormed the area,  shooting at people. Despite the tension that enveloped the voting atmosphere, there was large turn-out at various polling units across the  state. In the results that started trickling in after the close of voting yesterday, the governor of the state and Peoples  Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Godwin Obaseki and his main challenger of the All Progressives Congress (APC),  Pastor Ize-Iyamu, won their polling units. Obaseki polled 184 votes in unit 19, Ward 4 in Oredo Local Government Area  of the state to beat Ize-Iyamu who scored 62. Similarly, Ize-Iyamu won his own unit in Ugboko ward 4, unit 26 Orhionmwon Local Government Area with 292 votes to  beat Obaseki who polled 21 votes. Governor Obaseki’s deputy, Philip Shaibu, also delivered his own Unit 5, Ward 11  in Estako West Local Government Area to the PDP with 401 votes against APC’s 148 votes. The PDP won the election in the unit of the APC chairman in Esan West, Ward 9, polling 126 votes to beat the APC  which had 93 votes just as the PDP also won in the unit of a former national chairman of the APC, Chief John Odigie- Oyegun, in Ward 2 of Oredo Local Government Area with 109 to beat the APC that scored 40 votes. Obaseki’s former Chief of Staff, who dumped him to join the APC, Akerele, won his polling unit in Ward 1 of Akoko Edo  Local Government Area with 211 votes to defeat PDP which garnered 88 vote .  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Today, The Destiny Of Edo State Will Not Be In The Hands Of Politicians EVERYTHING that has a beginning surely has an end, says an axiom, which is as old as creation. No matter how long a journey is, it terminates at a designed destination. So it is with the contentious, touchy and edgy politicking in the most sapping and snapping gubernatorial race ever witnessed in the history of Edo State and even in that of its forbearers – the Mid-Western region and the defunct Bendel… Sadism As A Governing Philosophy In Buhari’s Nigeria Responsible and morally sensitive governments all over the world toil day and night to invent novel ways to make life a little better for their citizens and to assuage the inevitable existential injuries that life episodically inflicts on people.  But not so for the Buhari regime… Police Keep Mum Over Siege Of Wike’s Hotel Speaking on his mobile phone, the Rivers State Commissioner for Information, Mr Paulinus Nsirim who confirmed the incident said that he was still trying to figure out the reason for the police action.  Nsirim said: “The police should be the one to give you the reason why my governor’s hotel room was sealed off by the police. All I can say is that his hotel is under siege by a detachment of policemen. I don’t know the reason for the action…. Mug Shots At EFCC’s Eagle THE Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has lost its mystery and steam. Our eagle, the symbol of the EFCC, has been de-feathered. The eagle is now grounded and reduced to merely foraging for bearded youngsters, like free-range ducks spluttering for worms in a neighbourhood gutter. It is now like a flustered monkey whose only abode is the ground. It has now become what the Scots call… Natives Of Republic Of Benin Ruling Communities In Lagos —Head Of Makoko Community Before my emergence as the head of the Makoko community, truth is, Makoko was a haven for all manner of crimes. But when I was enthroned, I brought sanity to the community. I must say that the Lagos State government and politicians are culpable in whatever becomes of Makoko community today. They do more harm than good to the people at the grassroots. As you all know, Makoko is a community of people from diverse cultures in Nigeria among which we have foreigners, the Egun from the Republic of Benin… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com