Activities once again picked up at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA) as international flights resumed with Middle East Airlines flew into the country. The aircraft landed at 2:19 pm. On its an outbound flight out of the Lagos airport, over 100 outbound passengers with were seen filing out wearing face masks with the observance of social distancing on the floor markings as they took their turns to get their boarding passes before proceeding for immigration protocols through the boarding gates. The Beirut bound flight, it was learnt had passengers travelling through the length and breadth of the Middle East as their final destination. Speaking, the Manager, South-West Airports, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Mrs Victoria Shin-Aba who spoke to journalists at the airport said It has been five months and 13 days since MMIA was closed to international flighs. Shina-Aba, however, stated that while the airport was on lockdown, the airport processed 192 evacuation and special flights and 1,404 cargo flights. She said the airport is coming back to life after a lot of things have been put in place to ensure travellers have confidence in travelling again. On the various steps passengers will have to go through, she said, departing passengers are no longer expected to come to the airport with many people as non-travelling passengers can only stay at the drop off zone of the terminal. “We have been able to demarcate the gates. The first gate is for crew and staff only. The B and C gates are for passengers. We have another gate for elderly and special people. At each of these gates, we have water provided for passengers to wash their hands. We have bag sanitising stations where passengers get their bags sanitized. Then the temperature of passengers is taken. “At the passenger gate, we have infrared cameras that can capture many people at the same time. If you try to access the place without face masks, it will indicate that your face mask is not on. We have signs everywhere telling people what to do. The security will not allow passengers without face masks in. We have sanitisers at the gates. “If you have a temperature higher than the normal, the Port health will take you to a place that has been provided just to sit down for a while and check you again after some minutes. If you are okay, you will be allowed to travel,” she explained. She said that FAAN has done some social distance markings and people queue according to the markings and passengers and staff do not have direct contact. She assured that FAAN staff are always on stand-by to infect things that are touched by passengers regularly and boarding is also done in batches. Other flights being expected today include British Airways. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Middle East Airline operates E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…Middle East Airline operates  Middle East Airline operates 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Middle East Airline operates  Middle East Airline operates FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY