An electrician, David Onor, on Tuesday appeared in a Grade I Area Court in Kubwa, Abuja, over alleged criminal breach of trust and cheating. The police charged Onor, who resides in Kubwa, Abuja with theft, criminal breach of trust and cheating. The Prosecution Counsel, John Okpa, told the court that the complainant, Adewale Abbas reported the matter at Byazhin Police Station on Aug. 18. Okpa alleged that the defendant dishonestly collected N30, 000 from the complainant for a three-phase meter, N8, 500 and N6, 000 consecutively for repairs. The prosecution alleged that the defendant did not execute the job. ALSO READ: Manager docked over alleged misappropriation The offence, he said, contravened the provisions of sections 288, 312 and 320 of the Penal Code. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. The defence counsel, Taiye Okoya prayed the court to grant his client bail in the most liberal terms, citing Section 162 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA). The Judge, Mr Muhammad Adamu, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N100, 000 with one reasonable surety in like sum. Adamu ordered that the surety must reside within the court’s jurisdiction. He also ordered that the surety must present means of identification and adjourned the case until Sept. 15 for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.