Following the announcement by the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, Dr Folashade Yemi-Esan of posting and redeployment of Federal permanent secretaries as approved by President Muhammadu Buhari, the new permanent secretary in the Federal Ministry of Environment, Mr Abel Olumuyiwa Enitan has assumed office, tasking staff of the Ministry to maintain the ethics of Federal Civil Service with professionalism and discipline. Enitan who was redeployed from the Federal Civil Service Commission, also emphasised on the need for collective effort towards the success of the of the environment sector in line with the aspirations of President Buhari’s administration. Speaking at a brief handing over ceremony in Abuja, Enitan said officials of the ministry have been doing a great job going by the general progress recorded by the ministry and the impact of its programmes and policies have imparted on addressing the issues of climate change, the ecosystems and other environmental challenges in the country. “Therefore, I am not here to re-invent the wheel but rather to work with you like a family to achieve the mandates of the ministry,” he stated. According to a statement by Saghir el Mohammed, Director Press, Federal Ministry of Environment, the permanent secretary said his posting to the Federal Ministry of Environment was a privilege, pointing out that the ministry was one whose policies affect positively the nation and the lives of its people. While calling for the full support of staff of the ministry, he encouraged them to uphold the ethics of the civil service through hard work, discipline and respect for superiors no matter the challenges they may encounter in the course of discharging their duties. Earlier, the Director of Planning, Research and Statistics of the Ministry, Dr Bolatito Obisesan called on the directors of the ministry to extend their experiences and cooperation to the new permanent secretary so that they could all succeed in the fulfilling the mandate of the ministry. “We have been able to raise the mandate of this ministry to greater heights in the last few months when I was overseeing the office of the permanent secretary. “This could be attributed to the loyalty, dedication and hard work of the directors and staff,” she noted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians
ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele
In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament
CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders
WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore
FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki
THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.