The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON), following raids carried out on warehouses in Lagos, destroyed substandard cables worth several millions of Naira on Tuesday. The Director in charge of Compliance and Inspectorate, SON, Engr. Obiora Manafa who supervised the destruction, disclosed that the substandard cables were seized during SON operatives raids on warehouses across the state, saying the cables would have entered into the Nigerian markets and bought and used by Nigerians to electrify their houses. He said: You know that we are not in the ports, the points of entry into the country, so we depend on our intelligence network. When we get information that a warehouse is keeping cables, we go there and carry out tests on the cables, if they fail the tests, we seal the warehouse until we have evacuated the products to our own warehouse for further tests and a court order for destruction.” He reiterated the need for SON officials to be at the ports to ensure that such substandard and dangerous goods do not find their way into the country.   He said if there is anything like one committing suicide unknowingly, that is how to describe what would happen if the substandard cables are bought and used by for electrical wiring at homes. “The the substandard cables failed all physical tests, and did not meet the safety requirements of Nigeria and are not fire-resistant even in insulations,” the SON Director added. ALSO READ: Climate change: Nigeria to hold national youth consultation on NDC enhancement Manafa said made-in-Nigeria cables are the best because the manufacturers adhere strictly to the regulations of standards. “Today, we are destroying substandard cables that are dangerous to human beings. Cables that can burn houses if they are used. Cables that can do a lot of harm to properties. “We have different kinds of cables seized from warehouses of importers here in Lagos alone, and they are about four trucks altogether. “We have other ones that are undergoing court processes and that will be destroyed once we get court orders for them, but for these ones, we have obtained a court order and we are destroying them. “We should not allow these cables to enter any home. It is our responsibility to protect lives and property. “It is also our responsibility to make sure that these cables do not find their ways into the markets so that people will not buy them because there are critical parameters we call conductor resistance and insulator resistance. “They have failed these parameters woefully and we cannot allow the people to use them because these are the cables that when you go out from home and when you return, you see your house burnt,” Engineer Manafa explained.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune online Adimission Guide for 2020/21 accademic  session for confirmed  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:
Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is noted for academic excellence and Moral standard in the country. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com