I have been taking gari for the past few years so much so that I cannot do without it. However, I read somewhere that it damages the eyes. Kindly let me know if this is true or not. Leke (by SMS)  Cassava roots and tubers from which gari is made, has been confirmed to contain what some amount of cyanide which helps defend them against herbivorous animals. Although the cyanide produced in cassava plant is poisonous, and can be harmful to humans, properly processing the gari would reduce the concentration of this acid to a harmless level. However, impatience on the part of some gari producers may lead to the production of gari with some amount of harmful cyanide which may be harmful to the eyes. Luckily, the process of fermentation and frying has led to the production of gari that are safe for consumption.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country… Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28… Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs was a serious financial burden on Nigerians… BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com