The Defence Headquarters, (DHQ) on Wednesday said that the Air Task Force of the Operation Lafiya Dole has killed scores of members of  Boko Haram and Islamic State in the West African Province ISWAP terrorist group and their hideouts, logistics structures destroyed at Tunbuma Baba, one of the Island settlements on the fringes of the Lake Chad in Borno State. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations,  (DMO), Major General John Eneche. He disclosed that the operation was carried out in the airstrikes executed on Tuesday under the ongoing subsidiary Operation hail storm 2 after Human Intelligence (HUMINT) reports indicated that several ISWAP fighters and some of their leaders had converged in some structures concealed under the thick vegetation of the area, preparing to launch an attack. ALSO READ: Ojukwu Varsity lecturers pull out from ASUU strike He explained further that following this development, the Air Task Force dispatched a force package of Nigerian Air Force (NAF) fighter jets and helicopter gunships to engage the location. He said that the airstrike attack aircraft scored devastating hits on the settlement, killing several terrorists and destroying their structures. General Enenche assured that the Armed Forces of Nigeria, operating in concert with other security agencies and stakeholders, would sustain its efforts to rid the North-East zone of all terrorists and other criminal elements. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. Airstrikes kill SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com