A Chief Magistrates’ Court in Gwagwalada, FCT, on Tuesday, ordered a 25-year-old student, Akeem Yakubu, to cut grass in the Gwagwalada Divisional Police station for two days for stealing two cell phones worth N8,700. The police charged Yakubu with theft. He pleaded guilty to the charge and told the court that he sold the phones for N5,000 and used the money he realised to buy clothes. Chief Magistrate Aliyu Shafa, ordered that he should report to the Gwagwalada Divisional Police station by 10 a.m. to  cut grass and close at 2 p.m each day. Shafa also ordered the convict to return to his parents in Okene, Kogi. ALSO READ: Man in court for allegedly defrauding business partner of N10m He warned the convict to desist from committing crimes and to be of good behaviour. Earlier, the Prosecution Counsel, Abudullahi Tanko, told the court that the complainants, Suleiman Ahmadu and Tijani Adamu of Angwan Fulani, Kuje Road, Gwagwalada, reported the matter at Gwagwalada police station on Sept. 17. Tanko said that Yakubu stole the phones of the complainants while they were charging it. He said the offence contravened the provisions of Section 287 of the Penal Code. The Defence Counsel, Yusuf Jibril, prayed for the court for leniency. “If he is sentenced to a prison term, he will most likely come out hardened and pose threat to society. “He is a very young man at the peak of his formation age, I urge the court to assume a human and parental face, and to temper justice with mercy,” he prayed the court. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. cut grass SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com