LAGOS State Government has stated that the time has come to put an end to unsanitary practices in the operation and management of slaughter houses and Abattoirs in order to minimize the harmful effects. This call was made by the Commissioner for the Environment and Water Resources, Mr Tunji Bello  during a one day workshop for abattoir operators in Lagos State, themed “Environmental and Health Implications of unsanitary abattoir operation” held at the Johnson Agiri Hall, Lagos State Agric Complex, Oko Oba, Agege. Tunji Bello who was represented by the Permanent Secretary, Office of Environmental Services, Mr Belinda Odeneye maintained that Slaughter houses/Abattoirs must be approved by the regulatory authorities for hygienic slaughtering of animals, processing and distribution of meat products for human consumptions. “Due to rapid increase in the demand of meat, slaughter houses are springing up  in the nooks and crannies of the state to meet the  needs of the people thereby raising  a lot of operational problems and issues happening from their haphazard way  in which they carry out their businesses and making it detrimental to the environment and to human health” he said. He said the workshop became necessary in order to improve the hygiene status of abattoirs across the state and to prevent continuous pollution of the environment from both solid and liquid waste as a result of their operations. Earlier in her goodwill message, General Manager, LASEPA, Dr Dolapo Fasawe, who spoke through Mr Oyedele Osifeso reminded abattoir operators to desist from burning cow hide and skin with disused tyres, saying it is carcinogenic. The representative of Director, Veterinary Services, Ministry of Agriculture, Dr Michael Adeyemi listed some of the criteria required for Abattoir operations which include capital, land, access road, tax clearance, refrigerated van, amongst others. He added that after meeting these requirements, the operator get a provisional approval for monitoring before getting a Certificate of Operation which is to be reviewed every year. Also, during his lecture, Dr Femi Aluko,  a lecturer in the Community Health Department, Obafemi Awolowo University, said compulsory compliance and proper hygiene of the facility must be adhered to as over 8,000 cows are slaughtered in the state daily. He explained that as a result of quantity of cows slaughtered in the state, solid waste and water waste from abattoir operations need to be managed continuously as these waste mix with underground water and has negative effects on the residents around the Abattoir. Another facilitator, an Assistant Director from Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA), DrEssienNsuabia urged all abattoir operators in the State to ensure they undertake their environmental sanitation exercise always while LAWMA will be ready to cart away these waste generated during their operations daily.  NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com