No fewer than 720 women and youths in Auchi, Edo, were on Friday empowered under the Federal Government’s Micro Enterprises Enhancement Scheme. The Edo Coordinator of the National Directorate of Employment (NDE), Mrs Ayo Edegbai, gave the figure during the disbursement of N10,000 each to the beneficiaries. Edegbai said that the scheme was designed to assist women and youths to improve their micro-enterprises. “It was discovered that women could, with as little as N5,000, enhance their micro-enterprises. “Today, N10,000 is given to each of these women and youths to improve their businesses. ALSO READ: Private school stakeholders raise alarm over high pregnancy rate among students “It is expected that, in no distant time, N10,000 will become N20,000 and N20,000 will become N40,000 and so on,” she said. Edegbai said that the Federal Government was committed to job creation and poverty reduction in Edo and the country at large. “Unemployment is widespread. “Youth restiveness, high crime rate and increasing level of poverty are manifestations of the high unemployment rate,” she said. The coordinator urged the beneficiaries not to `despise their small beginning’, adding that with patience, perseverance, persistence, discipline and commitment, the `sky will not be their limit but their starting point’. “All eyes are on you to make judicious use of this rare opportunity to make it in life,” she added. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com