Two security personnel attached to the campaign team of the Edo State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu were feared killed yesterday in an auto crash at Oluku, suburban Benin on their way to a rally at Usen, Ovia North East Local Government Area. The Chairman of the APC Media Campaign Council, Mr John Mayaki who confirmed the fatal accident in a statement in Benin explained that the accident happened at the popular Oluku junction, the site of a former tollgate junction when a trailer travelling at top speed ran into the campaign convoy. Mayaki said that as a mark of respect to victims, the party will temporarily suspend its campaign as some top chieftains of the APC also sustained injury. ALSO READ: Flood will not affect rice production, supply ― RIFAN The spokesman remarked that the thoughts of Ize-Iyamu and APC were with the families of the victims as they shared in their grief, noting that in their deepest despair, they were not alone. He pledged that the campaign would do everything within its powers to ameliorate their grief. Mayaki added: “The campaign council will reach out to the families of the policemen involved in the fatal crash. Edo State will never forget their supreme sacrifice.” The statement called on party faithful in the state and the people to pray for the soul of the dead, and against the recurrence of such tragedies. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY.