Federal and Lagos State governments, on Wednesday, took a joint position to address degeneration of infrastructure in Festac Town, a Federal housing estate situated in Amuwo-Odofin area of the state. The resolve by the two parties to jointly address the inordinate property development and facility deficit in the housing estate was the outcome of a meeting held between the Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu and the Managing Director of the Federal Housing Authority (FHA), Senator Gbenga Ashafa, at Alausa, Ikeja. The outcome of the parley signalled an end to the lingering disagreement between the state and the Federal governments over the matter as the FHA team, led by Ashafa, accompanied by the agency’s Executive Director for Business Development, Hon. Abdulmumin Jibrin, among others, presented four partnership requests to the Lagos government. They include knowledge sharing and technology transfer, cooperation on infrastructure delivery and quick resolution of development crisis in Festac Town. Speaking at the parley, Sanwo-Olu said the state government took land administration and property development as critical, stressing that his administration’s urban renewal project was being implemented with the objective to open up remote communities for healthy living and investment drive. The governor described the development crisis in Festac Town as unpleasant, pointing out that the population growth and influx of people led to the degeneration of the neighbourhood. Besides, he identified failure of oversight on activities of property developers in Festac Town to have contributed to the distortion of the original master plan of the area. According to Sanwo-Olu, “Festac Town as it is today is not what it looked like from 1970s to 1990s, given the degeneration of infrastructure and the unpleasant development observed in the community. “The original master plan did not consider population growth, which reflected in the calibre of allottees that got the property then. As a result of a lack of monitoring and enforcement, people took advantage of this weakness to build indiscriminately on every available space. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Resident doctors, FG reach agreement, to call off strike Thursday “I think we can still correct this irregularity and regenerate the entire area for healthy living and business, now that the Federal Housing Authority is headed by a highly knowledgeable indigene of Lagos. “Once the Federal Government is ready, Lagos State will cooperate fully and work through our Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development on the agreed plan. “We are ready to give a waiver on statutory issues that may aid the progress of this move. Lagos is not the owner of the estate but we have a sense of duty to prevent the depreciation of the asset on that corridor.” The governor also conceded to FHA’s request to collaborate in the area of technology transfer, pledging to work with the federal housing agency to raise its capability by creating an electronic solution that would further ease allocation of property, land administration and approval of survey plan. He added that the state would be willing to work with the federal housing agency on estate property development in the Lagos East and West senatorial districts. Sanwo-Olu praised President Muhammadu Buhari and Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola (SAN), for the choice of Sen Ashafa as the head of the federal housing agency, noting that Ashafa’s tenure as Executive Secretary on Land Matters in Lagos boosted the value of land and property in the state. “We want you to succeed in this new assignment you have taken up because we believe that you have vast knowledge in land administration matters. “Development is critical to us in Lagos, and we will be willing to cooperate with you for more development. We are convinced that your tenure will bring about a solution to challenges the nation faces in land administration,” Sanwo-Olu said. Ashafa, a former Senator representing Lagos East, said FHA was ready to resolve all lingering crises delaying the re-modelling and regeneration of Festac Town, expressing confidence that the mid-way approach adopted by the agency would yield a positive outcome for both governments and residents of the estate. He described his meeting with the governor as “productive and fruitful,” pledging to take the discussion further. “All the four issues we presented were taken in by the governor positively. With some of the relevant cabinet members in attendance at the meeting, we will be engaging in further discussions on how to go about our plan for urban regeneration in Lagos,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE infrastructural decline What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… infrastructural decline COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… infrastructural decline infrastructural decline SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com