ENVIRONMENTAL degradation has been an issue of concern for both stakeholders and the government. But John Oluwafemi Olla, the team lead of ActHub Africa for Change Initiative says compliance to Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) regulations could help Nigeria out of the problem. Mr Olla, in a recent chat with Nigerian Tribune, said if the numerous regulations and laws, especially those that those on EIA, legislated to protect the environment in Nigeria are adhered to, the numerous challenges which face the country as a result degradation of the environment would be solved. According to him, the government needs to do more in the area of ensuring that all projects in Nigeria comply with the EIA standards, owing to the fact that the effects of non-compliance to the standards in the execution and implementation of developmental and extractive projects could lead to adverse impacts on health of people. Also, non-compliance, he said, could exacerbate the impacts of climate change which the world is grappling with. “Several projects are being carried out in Nigeria today without carrying out EIA before, during and after some of these projects. Projects as basic as the construction of roads do not put into consideration the protection of people’s well-being. These could be noticed in several communities in Nigeria where road construction projects were carried out without recourse to EIA standards. “It is obvious that one of the problems being faced in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria is the problem of non-compliance to EIA standards. If Nigeria will do well in securing the lives of the people, their livelihood and ensure good health in local communities, and stop environmental degradation, the government must ensure that EIA standards are followed while carrying out any developmental and extractive projects”, Olla said. The job of ensuring this compliance, he explained, is not just for the government alone. Non-state actors, the civil society, the private sector and host communities of these developmental and extractive projects must lend their voices, too. He also called on the federal government of Nigeria to see to the amendment of policies on EIA to give room for proper representation of host communities during the planning and execution of some of projects. “If this problem is going to be solved, the government must show the willingness to abide by the content of the Environmental Impact Assessment law. Also, the government must be ready to implement the law as well as encourage, educate and compel the private developers to adhere to EIA standards in the execution of projects”, he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…