Kwara State House of Assembly has promised to ensure sustainable budgetary provision in 2021 for promotion and improvement of diverse cultures in the state. Speaking during a week-long cultural fiesta, organised by the state’s Ministry of Communications in Ilorin on Thursday, Speaker of the Kwara House, Rt. Hon. Yakubu Danladi-Salihu said that cultural promotion and celebration has unique importance of uniting people of different backgrounds. The Speaker, who also charged Nigerian parents to impart their cultures on their children and wards, said that doing so would insulate them against negative influences. The lawmaker, who said that the introduction of the mother tongue to children at an early stage is crucial in order to prevent local languages from extinction, called for a statewide cultural festival to project the state’s beautiful cultures to the globe. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Over 9 million children not returning to school this year ― Survey Also speaking, the state Commissioner for Communications, Mrs Harriet Adenike Afolabi-Oshatimehin, tasked Nigerians not to toy with their cultural heritage for the benefit of posterity. Mrs Afolabi-Oshatimehin explained that the cultural display was organised to pass messages of rich cultures, values and traditions of the state to the world. The cultural display featured Baruba Culture in Baruten and Kaiama Local Governments in the Kwara North Senatorial District of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… cultural promotion COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi
In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com