The Enugu Electricity Distribution (EEDC) has attributed the blackout being experienced in parts of Umuahia, Abia, to activities of vandals. Mr Emeka Ezeh, Head Corporate Communications, EEDC, said this in a statement in Umuahia on Thursday. Ezeh said that the vandals removed seven spans of aluminium conductors at Osusu on Sept. 13, and 10 spans along Umuomaiukwu-Umuezegu on Sept. 15. He said that the development had cut their numerous customers out of power supply. Ezeh said that the affected areas  included- Umulenwa, Umuagu, Umuelemoha, Umuezenta, Umuala, Umunkolo, Obohia, Agburuike, Ahiafor Agburuike, Umukpeyi, Amanwachukwu, Umuakwu Nsulu, Umuogele, Azuiyi, Oloko and Timber substation. Also affected were -Mbawsi, Umugo, Ohuhu Nsulu, , Ikem Nvosi, Umuhum Nvosi, Onuwell, Umuwaocha, Umunneise Eziama, Amaku Nvosi, and Umunkpor. ALSO READ: National Water Bill: AUPCTRE, CAPPA meet Water Minister, restate opposition to Bill The rest were- Umuokorogu, Egbelu Osusu, Umuonyia Osusu, Eziala, Umukalu, Umuihiala, Okpuala Ntigha communities and St Paul’s substation. According to Ezeh, these incidents have been reported at the Central Police Station, Umuahia and Ogbualangwa Divisional Police Station, for proper investigations. He said that critical stakeholders within the affected communities had equally been notified of the development. “We sincerely regret the inconveniences this will cause our esteemed customers and assure them that efforts are being made to procure and replace the vandalised items and restore supply to the affected areas,” he said. The distribution company appealed to its customers to be more vigilant in protecting installations within their communities against vandals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com