The boom in Fintech over the last decade has changed the lives of millions, possibly billions, of people. Instant payments and transfers are now commonplace, and the rise of cryptocurrency means that there is now a viable alternative to traditional payment systems. As such, it’s no surprise that many countries are pouring huge amounts of money into digital finance. They see it as the future of online commerce, and this is the driving force behind ongoing innovation in the sector. If you’re looking to start your own thing in the Fintech arena, here are the six most accommodating nations in which to do it. Revolut, Monzo, Transferwise…giant names just roll off the tongue when we speak of London’s Fintech scene, and they help to make the UK capital the industry number one business hub. Despite the looming threat of Brexit to the UK economy, the Fintech industry continues to thrive; generating £6.6 billion of revenue annually, no doubt helped by over 1,600 startups operating there. While global Fintech investment dropped in 2019, in the UK it doubled – and firms benefit from tax deductions, efficient policy and a great talent pool of workers. It all amounts to the perfect breeding conditions for new startups, who get all the help they need to try to emulate the success of those famous Fintech Unicorn companies. There’s a reason why Singapore is known as ‘Asia’s Fintech hub’. With leading firms like TenX and Quoine, the country’s government recognises the huge potential of digital finance, meaning startup fees for new enterprises are extremely low. They also have clear guidelines for how to deal with advanced IT security threats, which gives the industry extra peace of mind. The Singapore Fintech Festival also adds to the success of local businesses. Its objective is to stimulate innovation, and key concepts, such as investment management and cybersecurity, all benefit from this pool of creative thinking. Throw spotless streets, almost non-existent crime and a thriving nightlife into the deal, and it’s easy to see why so many new Fintech firms choose to make Singapore their home. One of Europe’s richest countries, Switzerland has a long history of strong financial performance, and it has provided a great environment for digital banking. With a steady level of investment into the Fintech sector over the last decade, the country had well over 200 digital finance companies by 2018. It has also embraced the rise of cryptocurrencies: the city of Zug is known as ‘Crypto Valley’ with its large number of innovative startups, and digital coins are widely regarded as the future of currencies. There is a clear focus on young, up-and-coming firms and the country is well-placed to benefit from the next generation of tech talent. Cryptocurrency users also benefit from Switzerland’s robust safety measures. Strong anti-money laundering legislation in the country is informally known as the ‘crypto law’, so institutions using the currencies are regulated. Users who take out insurance using cyber money, place a bet in a cryptocurrency casino, or simply transfer digital funds, are protected by its numerous safety mechanisms. With this in mind, the conditions are perfect for an up-and-coming Fintech firm to make its mark in one of Europe’s most secure nations. Led by Amsterdam’s thriving digital finance sector – there are around 350 startups there alone – The Netherlands enjoys continued Fintech success. Names such as Adyen, Ohpen and Bux contribute to make the country a great starting point for new business. Dutch Fintech businesses benefit from expertise in digital payments and alternative lending investment, with Amsterdam boasting over a quarter of a million workers in its IT sector. Fintech is the word on the lips of everyone there now, and this obsession looks likely to drive investment in the long term. Widely recognised as Europe’s second-biggest digital finance hub after London, the Scandinavian nation attracts a huge amount of Fintech investment. One consequence of this is the decline in market share of Sweden’s ‘big four’ — major banks Handelsbanken, Nordea, Swedbank and SEB: their fall in value is a clear sign that Swedish people are looking for alternatives to traditional banking. Fintech leaders such as Klarna, iZettle and Anyfin are well placed to launch a sustained assault on the status quo, and there could be room for new enterprises to join the party. Events such as Sthlm Fintech Week play their part in encouraging enterprise, where participants can meet experts, promote their ideas and learn about the industry in great detail.   The world-famous entrepreneurial spirit of the USA has found a new home in Fintech over the last decade. Benefitting from the stunning tech success of Silicon Valley, Fintech as PayPal, Venmo and Google Wallet, and startups created to aid buying and selling currencies, such as Coinbase, have enjoyed incredible success. With a Fintech investment of around $9.5 billion in 2019, the USA continues to be one of the major players in digital finance, and there is no limit of expert opinion in areas including cryptocurrencies and B2B fintech. While the industry is subject to strict regulatory laws, the US continues to be an inviting place for startups, who often find themselves growing at a rapid rate in these prime business conditions.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.