The Anambra State Command of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), has intercepted a lorry loaded with Cannabis Sativa (1635 kilogrammes) wrapped in polythene materials. The lorry also carried Tramadol 225ml (235 kg), Diazaphan (4.6 kg), Exrl5 (34kg) and Cocaine 0.10 grammes. The State Commandant of the NDLEA, Mr Mohammed Misbahu Idris, who disclosed this while displaying the substances before newsmen at the Command headquarters in Awka, on Wednesday, said that the vehicle was intercepted in Anambra on transit to Yobe State, in the northern part of Nigeria. The vehicle was suspected to be coming from either Edo or Delta, he added. He said the suspects placed palm oil gallons, motorbikes and bags of bedroom slippers on top, whereas the drugs were placed below to deceive the public into believing it was all slippers and palm oil that were being transported to Yobe State. “When the vehicle was stopped by our men on duty at Ukpo junction in the state, the driver and the conductor escaped.” Idris expressed concern over the increasing rate of drug abuse among youth in spite of the enlightenment campaign being championed by the NDLEA across the country. While commending the effort of the state Governor, Willie Obiano, in partnering NDLEA to eradicate illicit drug activities in the state, the commandant solicited for the cooperation of the public in exposing the activities of those dealing in hard drugs. During the exercise, 14 suspected illicit drugs users were also paraded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com