Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Tuesday reduced the Monetary Policy Rate (MPR), which is the rate at which it lends money to banks to 11.5 per cent. Before the 275th Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) meeting on Monday and Tuesday this week, MPR was 12.5 per cent. Governor of CBN and Chairman of MPC, Mr Godwin Emefiele who made this known during an online briefing on communiqué of the meeting added that the committee also retained all other policy parameters, except the asymmetric corridor that changed from +200 and -500 basis points to +100 and -700 basis points around the MPR. The liquidity ratio was left at 30% and Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) remained at to 27.5%. ALSO READ: Fayemi presents staff of office to new Olorin of Orin-Ekiti Emefiele said the decision to reduce the MPR was to sustain ongoing economic recovery efforts and arrest rising inflation. He proposed that Nigeria will enter a V-shaped recession, meaning it to be entered into and exited almost immediately. This means that Nigeria will enter recession in the third quarter of this year and there will be growth in the fourth quarter or first quarter of 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com