Doctors in the employ of the Ogun State Government may begin total strike from September 20, if the government refused to commence the implementation of appropriate remuneration in earnest. This was disclosed by the State Chairman of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Dr Oladayo Ogunlaja, at a news conference held, on Monday, at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OOUTH), Sagamu. Ogunlaja that members of the Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OOUTH), Sagamu, proceeded on strike sometimes in July to press home their demands over non-payment of appropriate remuneration to its members. He noted that the strike was suspended for two weeks following the intervention of the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Hon Olakunle Oluomo, with an assurance that the government would have an interface with the doctors on the issue. The NMA chairman expressed disappointment that government was yet to negotiate with ARD on the regularisation of pay, saying a full industrial strike would be embarked on if the government failed to enter into a negotiation with them by September 20. He said the inappropriate remuneration been agitated for affected all doctors in the service of the state government and not ARD members alone. He said a sum of N35 million is required monthly to effect the payment by the government to not less than 600 doctors serving the state government. “All the doctors in Ogun State are actually agitating for this same problem. We are waiting for the government to start meaningful discussions on this problem. “If the government does not resolve this issue by September 20, 2020, ARD in OOUTH and their senior consultants will resume this industrial action. And after their resumption, let me say categorically, that NMA which I’m representing cannot guarantee that all doctors in Ogun State will be at work. “We will regret any action or inaction that may follow this suspension of two weeks strike if the government doesn’t do the needful,” he stated. When contacted, the Special Adviser to Governor Dapo Abiodun, on Public Communication, Hon Remmy Hazzan, said the government would engage the doctors on their agitations. He said: “I am confident that the interface that necessitated the suspension in the first place is not taken for granted. I’m also not unaware of the agitation of the national bodies of the unions. “What they are asking for which is a further discussion with state government will definitely happen this week. I’m not unaware of the pressure many of them are getting from the national bodies, as a government we understand that. But we are very much responsible and true to our words. “We are the one asking that they come to the table, if they say they are willing, I don’t see any reason why we should renege on our intention to be at the table.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com