Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye conveyed this approval in a statement issued on Tuesday. The statement, however, tasked academic boards and Senate of the institutions to fix their specific resumption date from September 28 onwards and put in place COVID-19 guidelines for safe reopening. Meanwhile, primary and secondary students are to resume classes on September 21, adhering to morning and afternoon shifts format. According to the statement, pupils from primary one to primary three are to be in school between the hours of 8 am and 11 am while those in primary four to primary six will resume afterwards from 12 noon and exit at 3 pm. For students in secondary schools, students in classes JSS1 to JSS3 will resume for morning shift from 8 am to 11 am while their counterparts in SSS1, SSS2 and SSS3 will resume afternoon shift from the hours of 12 noon and 3 pm. Both private and public schools were, however, mandated to constitute COVID-19 Taskforce to be headed by heads of schools and two members of staff. To ensure social distancing, school heads were advised to make temporary use of spaces like laboratories, libraries and examination hall as classrooms, while also discouraging sharing of items among students.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. Imported Poultry Foods Now Infected With COVID-19 ― Customs The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has put its officers stationed at all border points, airports and seaports on red alert, warning them to be extra vigilant over the importation of poultry products because some have been found to contain Covid-19. JUST IN: Emir Of Biu, Umar Mustapha Is Dead The Emir of Biu in Borno State, Mai Umar Mustapha Aliyu is dead. He died on Monday night at the Federal Medical Center Gombe after a brief illness. Osinbajo Departs Abuja For ECOWAS Extraordinary Summit In Accra Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will depart Abuja Tuesday for Accra, Ghana to attend an Extraordinary Summit of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on the situation in Mali. Edo: INEC Deploys Five Resident Electoral Commissioners Ahead of Saturday’s governorship election in Edo State, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has finally deployed five Residents Electoral Commissioners to the state to complement their counterpart, Mr Johnson Alalibo. | Oyo tertiary institutions  | Oyo tertiary institutions  | Oyo tertiary institutions  | Oyo tertiary institutions  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com