Out of the total debt service on the federal government of Nigeria›s (FGN›s) external obligations of $287 million in the second quarter  (Q2) of 2020, the principal repayments  amounted to $70 million, principally to the World Bank and African Development Bank (AfDB) groups. FBNQuest Research, in a note to clients on Friday, noted that total debt service on the FGNss external obligations amounted to $287 million in Q2 2020, divided between $157 million and $130 million on market and non-market debt. This was $35 million above the year-earlier period. The firm stated that cost has risen because the FGN has increased its borrowing through soft loans, both multilateral and bilateral, whereas it has not tapped the Eurobond market since November 2018. A short note put out by S&P in June shows that Nigeria had the worst ratio for interest payments/general government revenue in 2019 of the 21 African sovereigns it rated. Its 55 per cent was followed by Ghana, Angola and Egypt (all over 40 per cent). “If we put foreign exchange risk aside, it remains the case that external debt is less costly to service than domestic even when we allow for the sharp fall in rates on FGN bonds and NTBs. Based upon annual interest and fee payments in the 12 months to end-June and the stock of debt as at end-December, we calculate the average annual borrowing cost from the World Bank Group at 1.1 per cent, the African Development Bank (AfDB) Group at 2.1 per cent and Exim Bank of China at 2.5 per cent,” it stated. For the FGNss commercial obligations, the average works out at 7.5 per cent. Repayments of principal on the borrowing of $3.3 billion within the IMF’s rapid financing instrument to tackle shocks (coronavirus) begin in 2023, the firm said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Dino Melaye’s Revelation: How I Was Scammed To Support Buhari, Join APC In 2015 Senator Dino Melaye, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), represented Kogi West senatorial district in the Eighth Assembly and until last November, in the 9th National Assembly speaks in this exclusive interview on the leadership of the National Assembly under Senator Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila, review of the Nigerian Constitution, how he was scammed to support Buhari in 2015 and why President Muhammadu Buhari will never agree to a workable constitution for the country… 22 Deregistered Political Parties In Bauchi Demand Reregistration By INEC Bauchi State chapters of the 22 political parties deregistered by INEC for what was described as lack of national spread and non-performance but ordered to be reregistered by the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division have called on the INEC and Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission (BASIEC) to as a matter of fairness include their names and logos on the ballot papers for future elections… Eight Burnt To Death In Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Accident Eight persons were on Saturday night burnt to death in a lone accident involving a Mazda bus on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com