An indigenous e-hailing car hire service, MyKab, tailored by industry professionals to deliver state-of-the-art ride-hailing experience has been launched in Lagos. MyKab, according to the Business Development Manager of the company, Busola Agboola, will provide a solution to the myriads of problems riders’ face daily each time they hail a cab. Registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC), Agboola said the company also has a working relationship with the regulatory bodies and agents to avoid unnecessary time wastage on the road by government agencies. She added that the company has a trackable policy where riders can track their location s and share the same with family and friends, wherever and whenever. Agboola said the service “was created to plug the disconnect between drivers, riders and the e-hailing company. These disconnects have mostly led to a massive distrust between the major players in the industry. “So, we are building a company that is Nigerian, safety-focused, driver inclusive and that brings comfort and safety to the riders,” adding that the app company is focused on five main values which include security, compliance, partnership, customer service and value for money. Agboola added that the company “is creating infrastructure to ensure that these drivers are being treated as they deserve, ‘partners’, thereby ending the mistreatment that has plagued the e-hailing sector overtime. “MyKab has put in place several packages of benefits (car insurances, HMOs among others) to ensure that drivers are compensated and catered for. “We understand and appreciate the fact that drivers are stakeholders, without them, the e-hailing sector is nothing but a fleet of cars. Thus, their mental, physical, financial and overall wellbeing are paramount to the ride-hailing ecosystem,” Agboola said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.