AS part of the new normal, induced by COVID 19, Mamador brand has announced the successful conclusion of  its first-ever, week-long virtual August Women Meeting (AWM),  a women gathering recognised amongst the Igbo community as the annual homecoming congress. AWM  comes up in August of every year, and it is seen as an opportunity for the Igbo womenfolk in diaspora and in the cities to travel back to their villages to meet with their local counterparts to discuss issues pertaining to community development, as well as other cultural and socio-economic initiatives. The ‘virtual’ intervention of the Mamador brand, this year, is seen by many as timely; since the public health crisis forbids physical gathering for now,  and  would have, therefore, been  impossible for women in the diaspora to travel home, thereby posing  a major threat to this year’s gathering. The virtual meeting,  therefore,  created an opportunity for those women to gather online, and still discuss issues pertaining to the development of their communities. Expressing her delight on the success of the initiative, the Marketing Manager, PZ Wilmar, Chioma Mbanugo explained that the brand’s decision to intervene, stemmed from its understanding of the importance and significance of the August Women Meeting, to women from that part of the country. “We felt it was necessary to host an online version. Times are fast changing; we now live in a world where distance shouldn’t be a barrier to our collective growth and development,” she stated. Some of the highlights of the event were the live performance from a cultural dance troupe, signaling the end of a successful virtual August Women Meeting, and the empowerment of the Female Entrepreneurs in the food industry with Kitchen appliances, 1-year supply of Morning Fresh and a Free Digital Masterclass at Utiva, one of the biggest data school in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com