The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Osun Command, has warned its officers against collecting bribes from motorists, vowing that anyone found wanting would be dealt with decisively. The Sector Commander, Mrs Kudirat Ibrahim, gave the warning during an interview with newsmen on Thursday in Osogbo. She also warned motorists not to give bribe to any officer, urging them to report anyone who demanded money from them to the office. Ibrahim urged drivers to obey traffic regulations to enhance safety on the roads, especially with the increased vehicular movement during the ’ember’ months as a result of end-of-year activities. ALSO READ: Woman begs court for divorce over fear of contracting STDs According to her, the command is planning to have motor parks rallies after some modalities are put in place. She described road safety as everyone’s business, which must not be left in the hands of the commission alone. “Motorists and other road users are advised to take road traffic tips seriously as they travel,” Ibrahim said. The sector commander urged drivers to ensure that their vehicles were in good driving conditions before embarking on journeys. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. collecting bribes Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com