Though the 2020 raining season is not yet over, torrential rains which drew Flooding with strong currents have claimed the lives of not fewer than 25 persons while a total of 20 others were injured with various degrees just as a total of 3,500 houses with several hectares of farmlands worth about N950m were destroyed across Bauchi State. The disclosure was made by Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed when the Director-General of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Air Vice Marshal Muhammad Alhaji Mohammed (rtd) paid him a courtesy visit at the Government House on Wednesday. The Governor who was represented by his Deputy, Sen Baba Tela lamented that the flood disaster is so devastating in the state rendering many people homeless while farmers have lost hope of a bumper harvest this year following the washing away of their farmlands with the produce. Bala Mohammed also said that the disaster though affected every part of the state, 15 local government areas were worst devastated with flooding this year. The Deputy Governor said that: “I have personally, on behalf of the Governor, visited the areas 5 LGAs and have seen the level of devastation of the flood this year, and this is because of the unusual rainfall which was predicted. His Excellency himself also visited three local government areas that were inundated with flooding”. He explained that “Areas that have not seen water or flood for the last five years or so are now impassable, inaccessible and inundated with a lot of water there. We have over 3,500 houses destroyed, over 2,200 farmlands have also been destroyed. And you know in this part of the country we solidly depend on farming so when you have over 2,000 farms destroyed, that will give you an indication of what is to come – lack of food as time goes on”. Baba Tela further said that “In the process of the flooding, we have sadly, lost about 25 lives and that is quite substantial, it is okay to lose something you can replace but lives you can’t replace and we commiserate with those who lost their dear ones in the flooding.” He also added that: “We also have those who were injured in the process, about 20 people, who were properly treated and discharged and they have returned to their normal activities” saying that the quantum of the amount of the farmlands, the houses that have been destroyed by the flooding this year is almost N950 million. He further said, “And you know with the lean resources of the government, N950 million is by no means a small amount of money. This does not include infrastructure that the government will have to put in like if you go to Dambam local government, there is a whole road that was washed away in two places, we had to make a small passway so that people can be able to pass.” “If you go to Shira local government before you get to Disina, there is a village along the way, you will see people swimming on the flood or in the water and the road completely cut off,” he further stated. Bala Mohammed who appreciated NEMA and the Bauchi State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) for their roles in mitigating the issue of flooding in the state this year informed the DG that a substantial part of the food that was given to the state by the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Social Development through NEMA, had been distributed to the people affected by the flood. He concluded that “We have to do what we can do that if we forecast that we will have a lot of rainfall this year or next year, we have done a lot of work in preparing even before the rains come.” Director-General of NEMA, Air Vice Marshal Muhammad Alhaji Mohammed (rtd), said earlier in his address that he was in the state on an advocacy visit to go round the country in view of the flood emergency that was envisaged by the Agency through the predictions and warning by NIMET and other weather forecast agencies in the country. Muhammad Mohammed commiserated with the government and people of Bauchi state particularly those who lost their loved ones and properties during the disasters in the state expressing that it is difficult to control natural disaster. Represented by the Director, Liaison Services, Bashir Gargar, the NEMA DG lamented that flood has become a recurring experience in Nigeria adding that Bauchi state is among the states known for food production while the flooding continues to threaten this potential. He also said that the Nigerian Metrological Agency (NiMet) had categorically stated that the country will experience an above-normal rainfall in 2020 saying, “The annual flood outlook this year predicted that 102 local government areas in 28 states fall within the highly probable risk states while 225 local government areas in 36 states including the FCT, fall within the moderately probable risk zones.” The NEMA DG added that “Unfortunately, the predicted floods have started to occur in many parts of the country, Bauchi state not an exception. Therefore, it is imperative to activate all plans and measures against the prediction as to the season moves to its peak.” Muhammad Mohammed added that “This year, the highly probable risk area in Bauchi state is Zaki LGA and that probable risk area with minimal expectations are Alkaleri, Bauchi, Jama’are, Itas Gadau, Tafawa Balewa, Shira, Ganjuwa, Kirfi and Bogoro local government areas of Bauchi state.” He further said that already, floods have been experienced in Dambam, Gamawa, Jamam’are, Warji, Darazo, Itas Gadau, Alkaleri, Zaki and Shira local government areas of Bauchi State and said that, “on account of this, the Director-General of NEMA, employed me and my team members to extend our Agency’s sympathy to the people of this lovely state.” He then urged the state government to take necessary measures to mitigate the disaster among the affected people explaining that the situation falls under the purview of the Agency assuring that it will do its best to complement the efforts of the state government based on the availability of relief materials. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday…Flood disaster claims  Flood disaster claims The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas… Flood disaster claims  Flood disaster claims Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia…. Flood disaster claims NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com