The gospel music industry appears set for a headlining event as music legend, Evangelist Ebenezer Obey-Fabiyi, will lead a host of other gospel music ministers like Evangelists Dunni Olanrewaju, Lanre Teriba, Sola Allyson, Bois Olorun, Big Bolaji and Woli Agba to Ibadan for the celebration of 20 years music anniversary of one of their own, Evangelist Bukola Akinade, popularly, known as Senwele Jesu. R learnt the event tagged, ’20 Years Celebration of Quintessential Gospel Musician’, will feature various activities including the unveiling of her latest album and live performance from the invited singers. Speaking on the forthcoming event, the celebrant, Bukola Akinade, told R that the event is a celebration of a great milestone in her career, noting that it is not only about her but also for everyone who has contributed to her success. “I see the success of my career as a great privilege from God. The grace is overwhelming. I cannot thank God enough for the grace I have enjoyed in the last 20 years, especially, by turning an uncertain dream to a celebrated brand today. My music ministry is laid on God’s foundation and I have every reason to beckon all and sundry to come help me appreciate God,” she added.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country… Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28… Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs was a serious financial burden on Nigerians… BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com