Sustaining previous day gain, the Nigerian equities opened the new month of September on positive. The All-Share Index (ASI) of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), on Tuesday, advanced by 0.34 per cent to 25,413.95 basis points, largely owing to buying interests in Nigerian Breweries and some banking stocks. Accordingly, Year-to-Date loss moderated to -5.3 per cent, just as the market’s worth increased to N13.26 trillion. Market sentiment, as measured by the market breadth, was positive as 27 stocks gained relative to nine losers. On the gainers’ list, livestock led the chart having appreciated by ten per cent, closely followed by Eterna Oil, whose share value increased by 9.5 per cent on Tuesday. ALSO READ: Rubber cultivation can generate 640,000 jobs in 10 years ― Farmers Conversely, the shares of WAPIC Insurance and Union Bank of Nigeria recorded the largest losses of the day, having depreciated by 5.7 per cent respectively. The sectoral performance was broadly positive, following gains in the Banking (+1.1%), Consumer Goods (+0.9%), and Insurance (+0.8%) indices, and a loss in the Industrial Goods (-0.1%) index. The Oil & Gas index was however flat. Following previous day trend, activity on the local bourse was on the rise as the total trade volume increased by 255.6 per cent to 1.07 billion units, valued at N2.10 billion and exchanged in 3,221 deals on Tuesday. UAC Property was the most traded stock by volume and value at 947.74 million units and N663.67 million respectively.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.