Another two COVID-19 patients were discharged in Sokoto on Tuesday after they had successfully completed their treatment at the state isolation centre. The new development has now brought the number of discharged patients in the state so far to 140 out of the total number of 159 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state. This is according to the statement on the official Twitter handle of the state ministry of health on Tuesday. The state, according to the statement, also revealed that a total number of 1,831 tests had been carried out, out of which 1,672 of the tests were negative. It further explained that the state now has only three (3) active cases in the isolation centre, while another 208 samples of tests result still pending as at the time of writing this report. Meanwhile, no fewer than 16 deaths have been recorded in the state arising from COVID-19 complications. In a related development, the state Commissioner for Health, Dr Muhammed Ali Inname, has reassured residents of the state that normal activities across the state government hospital remain active. He said the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state has no negative impact on the treatment of other ailments as the state hospitals are well equipped to tackle the health challenges in the state. He, however, advised members of the public to desist from self-medication as against going to the hospital for a comprehensive medical treatment. He further assured that the state government under the leadership of Governor Tambuwal is putting every necessary measure on the ground to ensure that coronavirus is curtailed in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… | COVID-19 patients | COVID-19 patients | COVID-19 patients FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.