The former governor of Kaduna State, Senator Ahmed Makarfi while condoling with the family of the Emir of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, the emirate, people and the state government said the late emir lived for peace and exuded it. In a statement issued and signed by the former governor to newsmen on Sunday, Markafi said he received the news of the death of “our father, His Highness Alhaji Shehu Idris, Emir of Zazzau and Chairman of Kaduna State Council of Chiefs, earlier today” (Sunday), not only, with shock and sadness, but also with total submission to the will of Allah. The statement noted that “the late Emir of Zazzau was no doubt a colossus, the loss of whom has certainly created a vacuum, not only in Kaduna State but also the entire country that will be difficult to fill. “Not only was he a man and leader that was at peace with himself as he was with all that he interacted with, but he also lived peace and exuded it. To him, no sacrifice was too much make for the peace of his people and all. “During my time as governor of Kaduna State between 1999 and 2007, I benefitted immensely from his wise and fatherly counsel, especially at those times that we were trying to navigate through turbulent waters. “His contributions to deliberations at the Security Council meetings, at which he was almost always present and punctual, were always incisive, laden with wisdom and a genuine desire for peaceful coexistence amongst the people of the state. “In the late Alhaji Shehu Idris, Nigeria, may humanity has lost a pillar, from the life and times of whom we should draw invaluable lessons in decency, respect for all, sacrifice and humility despite privileged background. “As I pray to Almighty Allah to forgive and grant him Jannatul Firdaus, I also convey my most heartfelt condolences to his family, the Zazzau Emirate Council, Kaduna State Council of Chiefs and the government and people of Kaduna State. I also pray to Allah (SWT) to grant us all, the fortitude to bear this loss.” Meanwhile, the deputy speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase said the nation has lost a paragon of virtue as he mourns the late Emir of Zazzau. Hon. Wase, in a condolence message signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Umar Muhammad Puma on Sunday expressed regret the royal father passed on at a critical period in the history of the nation. “I am deeply saddened as I join the people of Zazzau Emirate Council, the governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai and the entire country to mourn the loss of our father and mentor, HRH, Alhaji (Dr) Shehu, who died at the Military Hospital, Kaduna on Sunday afternoon. “We have lost one of the illustrious traditional rulers, a loving father, a man of peace filled with wisdom and a paragon of virtue. “He was a stabiliser and a virtuous man who ruled with the fear of God and contributed immensely to the development of his Emirate, Kaduna State and the nation at large. “May Allah console the family he has left behind, the good people of Zazzau Emirate and Kaduna State over this unfortunate but inevitable occurrence. “We cannot question Allah’s decision, but may Allah forgive all his wrongdoings while on earth and grant his soul abode in Aljanna Firdaus. Amin.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Dino Melaye’s Revelation: How I Was Scammed To Support Buhari, Join APC In 2015 Senator Dino Melaye, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), represented Kogi West senatorial district in the Eighth Assembly and until last November, in the 9th National Assembly speaks in this exclusive interview on the leadership of the National Assembly under Senator Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila, review of the Nigerian Constitution, how he was scammed to support Buhari in 2015 and why President Muhammadu Buhari will never agree to a workable constitution for the country… 22 Deregistered Political Parties In Bauchi Demand Reregistration By INEC Bauchi State chapters of the 22 political parties deregistered by INEC for what was described as lack of national spread and non-performance but ordered to be reregistered by the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division have called on the INEC and Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission (BASIEC) to as a matter of fairness include their names and logos on the ballot papers for future elections… Eight Burnt To Death In Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Accident Eight persons were on Saturday night burnt to death in a lone accident involving a Mazda bus on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com