An Upper Area Court sitting in Kasuwan Nama in Jos on Friday sentenced a 19-year-old labourer, Gyang Raymond, to two years imprisonment for stealing 12kg gas cylinder and mug cups. The Judge, Lawal Suleiman, sentenced Raymond after he pleaded guilty to conspiracy, trespass, housebreaking and theft. Suleiman, however, gave the convict an option to pay a fine of N20,000. The judge also ordered Raymond, who was sentenced to two years imprisonment for stealing to pay N15,000 to the complainant. The judge advised the convict, Gyang Raymond, to change his ways and not to engage in crimes. ALSO READ: Gov Diri sues for understanding over Bayelsa, Rivers boundary dispute Earlier, the prosecution counsel, Insp. Monday Dabit told the court that the case was reported at the Anglo-Jos Police Station, on Sept. 8 by the complainant, Azai Jude of Gut Rayfield Jos. Dabit said that the convict confessed that he broke into the complainant’s house through the window and stole a gas cylinder and mug cups. He said the convict also stole frying pan and a mattress all valued at N20,000. The offence, he said, contravened the provisions of sections 59 and 333 and 272 of the Penal Code law. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. stealing 12kg gas cylinder Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com