The office of Federal Government’s Social Investment Program in the Bayelsa State has explained that issues bothering on financial mismanagement were responsible for the delay in the payment of beneficiaries for the Conditional Cash Transfer program in Bayelsa, Akwa Ibom, Abia and Zamfara States before and during the period of the coronavirus lockdown. The Head of Unit of the program in Bayelsa, Mrs. Tonbara Kenigbolo, stated this during a town hall meeting between staff of the Social Investment Program and beneficiaries organized by Bayelsa Non-Governmental Organization Forum (BANGOF) in partnership with Africa Network for Environmental and Economic Justice (ANEEJ) in Yengaoa. According to Mrs. Kenigbolo, a payment provider simply identified as Mr Henry, owner of Data Mining firm, who was procured by the Federal Government in July 2019 to effect payment of beneficiaries of the program in the four states visited Bayelsa just once to discuss modalities for payment but never returned to pay the monies meant for the most poor and vulnerable in society. ALSO READ: Edo 2020: We took electorate for granted ― APC She said “payment for the first tranche was due since July 2019. Mr Henry came to Bayelsa and we discussed the modalities for payment. Only him to return to Abuja and vanished into thin air without any feedback. All communication channels with him were blocked. I called and called him several times to no avail. “It was at that point we in the Bayelsa office wrote a petition against him to our national office. When our petition got to Abuja, we learnt that Zamfara, Akwa Ibom and Abia had also petitioned the contractor for the same reason. Thank God today his contract has been cancelled and a new payment provider known as Softcom has been procured. “As we speak the account of the new payment provider has been credited and very soon payment would commence. When payment commences, each household shortlisted for the program would get at least N50, 000 during the payment of the first tranche.” She further revealed that the beneficiaries captured from 96 communities in Southern Ijaw, Ekeremor and Nembe Local Government Areas in the state would undergo a ten weeks training on money management and investment in a bid to help them start a business that would lift the out of poverty. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com