Ahead of the Lagos East Senatorial district and House of Assembly by-election, the Lagos state chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC has unveiled the party’s candidates and inaugurated campaign committee for the election scheduled to hold October 31. In his speech at the unveiling and presentation of party’s flag to the candidates, state Chairman of the party, Hon Tunde Balogun tasked party supporters and loyalists from five local government areas of the state on joining forces together to attain victory at the poll, noting that APC Lagos has no room for the independent campaign group. While emphasizing the supremacy of the All Progressives Congress, he said, “No group stands any chance of taking undue advantage of the other. The inauguration of the state campaign committee is aimed at leading the party to victory. The Lagos APC has painstakingly put an all-inclusive campaign team together. The campaign team reflects the new realities in Lagos APC as no recognition or regard is given to any group rather all members of the party are APC members. The party is supreme therefore no group stands any chance to take undue advantage of the other. The two candidates of the party in the forthcoming Lagos East Senatorial district and Lagos State House of Assembly Kosofe 2 constituency by-elections are the following Hon Mikhail Tokunbo Abiru and Hon Femi Saheed respectively. It is pertinent, however, to mention these men of honour. These are some of the people who worked with the party to give consensus its true meaning in Lagos State chapter of the party. These men and women are loyal and committed members of our party and they deserve the honour they can get from the party. At the last general election in 2019, we had a campaign organization known as the Independent Campaign organization. Today, there is no room for such a group in Lagos APC. Independent Campaign group comprised of loyal and committed members of APC. But the new reality in the party is that the control, management and overseeing the conduct and campaign of an election lies in the hands of Lagos state APC. Henceforth there is no independent campaign group. In Lagos APC, the party reign supreme. Apart from the party executive committee, the LGA chairmen, Ward Chairmen must be given due regards in their local government and wards. We will provide all necessary support for the campaign. The committee consists of all the movers and shakers in the Lagos East Senatorial district. Our mode of the campaign for the year given the fact that we are in the ear of a pandemic must be COVID-19 compliant. There will be no on-the-spot rally. We want to encourage street-to-street and house-to-house in a carnival-like movement. We encourage souvenir distribution. We allow advert placement through billboards, television and newspaper adverts, radio jingles and social media platforms.” Speaking after receiving the flag of the party, Lagos East Senatorial candidate, Hon Tokunbo Abiru revealed that the affirmation is the highest honour he has ever received since his birth. He added, “I appreciate this honour and I promise never to disappoint the party. To my friends and compatriot who have shown interest in the race but subsequently dropped their aspiration to support mine, I say a big thank you to you all. We will all join hands together to build a greater party and promote true democracy.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…APC inaugurates campaign committee  APC inaugurates campaign committee What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…APC inaugurates campaign committee  APC inaugurates campaign committee High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…APC inaugurates campaign committee SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.