Fiery former general secretary of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas (NUPENG), Chief Frank Kokori, has described the current situation of Nigerians in the face of hike in electricity tariff and pump price as helpless. Kokori, it will be recalled, plagued the regime of the late General Sanni Abacha with industrial unrests over the annulment of the June 12, 1993 presidential elections, admittedly won by late Chief MKO Abiola. The Ovu-born labour leader told Tribune Online on Thursday that the only way out of the current situation is for the labour and civil society organisations to take the lead to rescue Nigerians. Kokori, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Delta State, admonished Nigerians to exercise more patience while awaiting the next action of the labour unions. “People should just have patience and let’s see what the Nigerian Labour Congress will come up with. “From the way it is now, it seems Nigerians are helpless,” Chief Kokori lamented. The septuagenarian, however, advised the Federal Government to accede to the request of the masses to ease their sufferings. Chief Kokori projected that the FG might be heading to N200 per litre of PMS if it eventually came up with full deregulation of the downstream sector. “Everything depends on the government. The level they are going to now, the price may likely go for N200. “Normally without resistance, you can’t do anything. Not that resistance can do much,” he enthused, blaming the cabal for the woes befalling the country. On whether the hike was justifiable the masses having really directedly benefitted nothing from the government during the last COVID-19 lockdown, Chief Kokori said Nigeria was much more a primitive capitalist state, unlike a more welfarist western world. He called on the FG to continue with the subsidy regime since that appeared as the only largesse the masses enjoy from it, adding that managing the subsidy regime well should be its main concern. “I’m just against it, it’s too high. Nigeria is not a Western state like Europe. Western Europe is a welfare state, where the government gives you a lot of palliatives to quench down the poverty of the ordinary and jobless people. “Nigeria is not a welfarist state; Nigeria is a primitive capitalist state. So, the masses are left alone, nobody takes care of them.” Chief Kokori added that “The government has to. It’s just that they mismanaged everything in Nigeria. When you allow them to subsidize, they mismanage. The whole fault is the government. “If I’m the president of this country, you can’t mismanage the subsidy I give to the people. A strong government doesn’t allow resources to be pocketed by some billionaires. “Nigerians need subsidy. You must always subsidize for a Nigerian if not Nigerians cannot survive. But the subsidy should be properly used.” Continuing, Chief Kokori added that “The subsidy in Nigeria is not properly used. That’s the issue. They say landing price when you don’t have refineries, build refineries. “How can a country for more than 20 years, you have not built a refinery. The last refinery was built over 30 years ago. The last refineries were built in 1980,1981, what I’m saying 30 years, almost 40 years. “And they’ve not serviced them. So, we don’t have refineries. You import all your fuel and when you are campaigning, you will be boasting, you will repair all the refineries, you will put them into use, you will do this, you will do that. “Every government will tell you that, and after everything, they will abandon all the refineries and be importing fuel from abroad.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY