The Zamfara State High Court 11 sitting in Gusau has today dismissed the suit filed before the court by local government council Chairmen challenging their dissolution. The council Chairmen were dissolved by the state government on June 4, 2020, which they challenged that as duly elected officials, their tenure has not expired. Those council chairmen that filed the case challenging their removal include Bakura Local Government, Alhaji Dandare Dakko, Gummi Local Government, Alhaji Sanusi Sarkin Aski, Shinkafi Local Government Alhaji Sani Galadi, Gusau Local government, Alhaji Babangida Abdullahi and Talata-mafara Local Government Alhaji Lawali Marafa in the state. Delivering his judgment Justice Bello Muhammed Shinkafi, said one does not need magnifying glasses to understand the multiplicity of action in the various suits filed at different courts of the same jurisdiction. According to him, filing two cases of the same fact at the court of the same jurisdiction was an abuse of court process, therefore dismissed the case. “Filing multiple suits is a violation of court proceedings as such, the case is hereby dismissed,” the judge affirmed. He said the court will not rely on speculation to make a judgment, stressed that after both plaintiffs and defendants were heard, and argued extensively, based on relevant sections of the law, he dismissed the suit filed by plaintiffs. While responding to questions after the judgement, Counsel to the Plaintifpf, Barrister Sirajo Garba, said he has not seen anything wrong on the judgment,” the suit was filed in two different courts.” Also reacting to the judgment, counsel to the defendants and the Director of Litigation, Zamfara State Ministry of Justice, Barrister Surajo Abdullahi, described the ruling as a victory to the rule of law. He said the judgment will serve as a deterrent to counsels to avoid entering the same suits in different courts at the same time. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Ten Killed In Petrol Tanker Explosion In Kogi No fewer than ten people have lost their lives in a petrol tanker explosion in Lokoja, Kogi State on Wednesday morning. Tribune Online gathered that the petrol tanker rammed other vehicles at Felele in Lokoja and exploded as other incoming vehicles rammed it. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com