Gunmen who abducted the Chief Medical Director of General Hospital, Idoani, Ondo State, Olufemi Adeogun, with two others have demanded a ransom of N6m for the release of the CMD. The kidnappers who contacted the family of their victims demanding for the ransom for the CMD to regain his freedom. According to a family source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, disclosed that the abductors contacted the family with a private telephone line. She said the abductors initially demanded a ransom of N100 million but later reduced to N6m after several pleas from the family of the medical doctor. She said “The kidnappers contacted us and they said we would have to pay the sum of N100m if we want them to release the victims especially the doctor. “They have even spoken to us twice and asked how much we had been able to raise but we were only begging them to have mercy on us. “Later, they told us to go and look for N6m and that they have been able to reduce the ransom for us but to source the fund is still a challenge. “We are also talking to families of the remaining victims too and they can’t raise such fund but the police have asked us to be patient, that they would rescue them.” The CMD was abducted on Monday evening while travelling with three others along on the failed Owo/ Idoani road including the recording officer in the hospital, Mrs Foluke Ajibola. The kidnappers were said to have shot the driver of the vehicle in the hands before marching the abducted health workers into the forest. Meanwhile, health workers in the hospital have raised the alarm over the incessant kidnap of people on the axis of the road, asking security agents to come to the rescue of the people of the area. One of the medical doctors in the hospital said workers and residents of the area have been living in fear of the kidnappers. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, who confirmed the abduction of the victims on Tuesday, did not, however, respond to calls when contacted on Wednesday. A spokesperson for the Nigerian Army, 32 Artillery Brigade, Akure, Ayorinde Omojokun, said men of the brigade have been deployed to the forest to secure the release of the victims. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…Abductors of hospital workers Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…Abductors of hospital workers  Abductors of hospital workers Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…Abductors of hospital workers  Abductors of hospital workers  FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY