Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has directed the immediate review of the laws of Ekiti State. This was disclosed by the Ekiti State Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Olawale Fapohunda, at a special session of the State House of Assembly on the review of the said laws. Fapohunda speaking at the occasion yesterday said: “Mr Governor has directed a holistic review of The Laws of Ekiti State with the sole aim of enabling laws that respond to the socio-economic aspirations of the people of this state “Since the coming into force of the laws of Ekiti State in 2012, they have not been reviewed. The five volumes were updated up to 2009. It is against this backdrop that it is now necessary and even overdue that the laws be reviewed.” According to Fapohunda, “some of our laws have become obsolete and many repealed. Indeed, Laws passed by the Ekiti State House of Assembly since the year 2009 till date are not included in the five (5) volumes of the Laws” He thereby urged the House of Assembly to consider the speedy review of the laws as his Ministry was prepared to provide legal advice and support to the House. The Attorney-General, however, got an ovation when he informed the house of the governor’s donation of the laws to the house. In his words: “I have the instruction of Mr Governor to personally hand over a set of five Volumes of Laws of Ekiti State to each of the 26 Honourable members of this distinguished House. “It is our hope that these Laws will assist honourable members in their stated commitment to enact laws for the good governance of Ekiti State.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY