Old Students of St. Lawrence’s Grammar School, Ilesa, Osun State, have commended the state governor, Mr. Adegboyega Oyetola, for re-aligning the state’s education policy with the National Policy on Education classification of 6-3-3-4. According to a release jointly issued by Alhaji Adebayo Jimoh and Mr. Lawrence Aluko, national president and general secretary of the association respectively, the reversal of the policy is an affirmation of the belief of residents that Oyetola’s administration is a listening government that considers the interest of the people in all its developmental programmes. The association pledged to support the Oyetola administration by offering to embark on some interventions in their alma mater. “As a show of solidarity and support to the government, the old students of our school that has now been returned to its previous full Grammar School status have commenced the following infrastructural projects to beautify and re-equip the school: a new School Hall with a seating capacity of 500 students is under construction and due for completion by December 2020. “The hall has been named Famoyin Hall in honour of our ex-principal. Also, a modern and befitting main school gate that will improve the general aesthetics and ambience of our school, including a fence wall, is also under construction. This gate will be completed by October ending 2020,” the statement reads. They also noted that the school’s science block comprising the Biology, Chemistry and Physics laboratories would be fully renovated, while a functional and well stocked library with current book titles and magazines to aid and support learning would be delivered by November, 2020. “The Old Students of St. Lawrence’s Grammar school fully identifies with the giant strides of the present administration in Osun State and call on other old students of other schools to support the state government in providing infrastructural developments in their respective schools,” the association noted, and thanked the governor for fulfilling his campaign promises. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Petrol/Electricity Price Hike: Prepare For Unprecedented Mass Action From Next Monday, NLC, TUC Tell Nigerians With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price… FG Takes Over Revenue Management Of NNPC, Customs, FIRS, NCC, Others Pressured by dwindling revenues and heavy debt burden, the Federal Government on Tuesday moved to boost its resources by directly taking over control of revenue management of its 10 most lucrative enterprises… Borno Governor Donates House, N20m To Widow, Children Of Colonel Killed By Boko Haram Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning… Angry APC Governors Meet Oshiomhole SOME governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, met with the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, behind closed doors.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com