Civil society group, Women Arise and Centre for Change (WACC), on Wednesday, observed that Nigeria in the last 60 years of her independence has sunk in what it described as pandemic corruption, social crises, and economic dilapidation, leading to a systematic decline in the living standard of her citizens on yearly basis. The group said this on the occasion of the Nigeria@60 Independence Anniversary message, even as it described it a milestone that presented “another avenue for us as Nigerians to reflect on where we are as a nation, so as to collectively chart a way forward for ourselves as a people.” WACC, in a statement entitled: “Nigeria@60: Still A Long Walk to Freedom,” signed by its president, Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin, also observed that within the same period, “the much-respected values of patriotism and uncompromising emphasis on integrity and honesty have been thrown to the dogs by the corrupt elements that had seized leadership positions at various levels in the country.” According to her, education is now in practical ruins, just like critical infrastructures are in shambles with healthcare virtually in peril, saying security of life and property is no longer guaranteed as lawlessness pervades everywhere, even among the law enforcement agents. “Nigerians live in frustration, agony, hopelessness, misery, pain, and suffering. ALSO READ: 300 women get COVID-19 palliative from Bauchi UNICEF staff association “Almost 70 per cent of Nigerians today live in abject poverty while a few are super-rich at the expense of the downtrodden. “Nigerian youths are continuously faced with uncertain future because of the greed of a privileged few,” WACC boss said. Okei- Odumakin, while noting that Nigeria remains the only country that her citizens can call theirs and have no other place to call home, said Nigeria@60 is the time for them to join hands and to re-build the “country because every problem, no matter how difficult, has a life span.” WACC boss enjoined government at all levels to make the welfare of Nigerians top priority as well as earnestly begin a process of rebuilding hope, which is already nearly lost in the minds of Nigerians. She also enjoined the Federal Government to do all within its powers to ensure the rescue of the remaining abducted Chibok and Dapchi schoolgirls as well as other people, including women, men, and children who are currently in the captivity of terrorists. “Independence anniversary is also an auspicious occasion to demand an end to all forms of violence against women in Nigeria. “We can only hope that, henceforth, the dreams of our founding fathers shall become a reality. “It is then that Nigerians will have their hope rekindled that they would be free from the social and economic slavery they have wallowed in despite the 60 years of Independence,” she said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com