THE Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala, has inaugurated the State’s chapter of Nutrition Society of Nigeria (NSN) with an assurance that the State government will collaborate with them to end malnutrition in the state. The inauguration which was held at the ministry’s Conference Hall, Awka, had as theme: ‘Nutrition, Sustainable Development Goals and Universal Coverage in Times of COVID-19 Pandemic’. Dr Okpala said that nutrition is one of the key indices for measuring health and as such the state was privileged to have the activity take place in the state. He stated: “One of the key things whenever nutrition is mentioned is that people do think about children under the age of five but nutrition is not all about children of that category. “The society is very caring for young ones and we want them to be well-nourished because we understand that if we meet with these indices, it has a good socio-economic stability for the society. “If we do not address nutrition in children very well, it has a lot of implications in future because children will end up not achieving their potential when they grow up.” National president NSN, Nigeria, Dr Bartholomew Brai, urged the new team to work within the ambit of the constitution of the association and to carry all members along. National secretary of the association, Mr Chiaka Nkwoala, who performed the inauguration on behalf of the president, commended the state government for creating an enabling environment for the association and for assuring them of fruitful collaboration and support. Chairman, Nutrition Society of Nigeria, Anambra State chapter, Dr Justina Okoli, said that the current prevailing health challenges occasioned by occurring Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs), ignorance, poverty, poor feeding and a lack of basic healthcare necessitated nutrition experts coming together in the state. Members of the new executive are Anambra State Nutrition Officer, Mrs Uzoamaka Erike, rector Anambra State Polytechnic, Dr Nneka Mefor; Mrs Blessing Nomeh, Dr Ngozi Eme, Dr Ngozi Okoye, Dr Ethel Onuorah, Mrs Chinwe Okafor and Mrs Ifeyinwa Ibekwe. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY