THE Livestock Industry Foundation for Africa (LIFA), a non-profit organisation whose obejectives are geared towards rural development and transformation amongst rural farmers, has been called upon to collaborate with stakeholders on animal health to proffer a lasting solution to the African swine fever pandemic militating against pig production in Nigeria and other West African countries. Making the call was the Chairman of Folhope Limited, a company renown for integrated farming which includes livestock production, Chief Emmanuel Folorunsho Ogunnaike (MFR), while speaking exclusively with the Nigerian Tribune on Monday. He noted that:”I think LIFA, in a bid to put an end to the ravaging pandemic should work in synergy with stakeholders in animal health such as animal scientists, veterinary council, veterinary medicine association and researchers to find solutions to the problem. “The disease is becoming too rampant, thereby rendering profitable pig production impossible in Nigeria and other West African countries. People are being frustrated out of the business due to continuous outbreaks of this disease called African swine fever.” He said. Ogunnaike, however, wished LIFA, under the leadership of its President,  Dr. Stephen Adejoro, the very best as it embark on a mission to put an end to African swine fever in Africa. e environment. Dr Bassey solicited for the support of the Minister and other stakeholders to facilitate the passage of the bill establishing the National Environmental Institute into law. In her words, “We as a group have over the years sponsored the bill to establish a National Environmental Institute of Nigeria in the National Assembly without success. We recently represented it for consideration’’. The bill according to the President of NES, is to ensure that only those with requisite skills and expertise should be allowed to take part in Environmental issues and consultancy. The Permanent Secretary, Abel Olumuyiwa Enitan in his remarks, commended the Society for taking interest in the ministry’s activities and their commitment to environmental issues and welcomes the offer for partnership. “I can only assure you that the ministry is ready and desirous of partnering with a serious, credible and well-organised entity, society and groups to drive the agenda of making our environment more conducive and sustainable in line with the socio-political mandates of this administration and other levels,’’ he emphasized.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com