The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hon Ndudi Elumelu, on Sunday, congratulated Governor Godwin Obaseki on his re-election by the people of Edo State in the just concluded governorship election in the state The Minority Leader, in a statement made available to newsmen, in Abuja, described Governor Obaseki’s re-election as well-deserving given his sterling performance in developing the state and empowering the people during his first tenure. The lawmaker also commended the people of Edo State for the courage they exhibited in coming out en masse not only to vote but also to protect their votes and monitor the process to the end. The Minority leader applauded the Chairman of the South-South PDP Governors Forum, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, for the leadership role he played towards the success of the election. He also commended Governor Nyesom Wike, the chairman of the PDP National Campaign Council, Governor Seyi Makinde, as well as other PDP governors, the PDP National Assembly Caucus, leaders, elders and teeming members of the party in Edo state, the South-South Zone and the nation at large for their roles in upholding a free, fair and credible electoral process in Edo State. Hon Elumelu urged Governor Obaseki to continue in providing good governance for the people of Edo State, which was the basis of his incontestable victory in the election. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Elumelu congratulates Obaseki SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com