Ahead of Saturday’s Edo State governorship election, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has delivered sensitive materials to Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Benin. The head of Voter Education and Publicity at INEC office in Benin, Mr Timidi Wariowei, confirmed that the materials have arrived at the local office of the apex bank. Wariowei said: “We just went and inspected the sensitive materials in cartons, the ballot papers and the results sheets. “The braille ballot guide for persons with disabilities especially the visually impaired has arrived.” The spokesman said that all was set for the election, noting that from Thursday morning, as early as 7.30 am, the commission will start the distribution of the materials to the 18 Local Government Areas. Also speaking, the state chairman of the state Inter-Party Advisory Council, Mr Kelly Ogbaloi, said party agents were invited by INEC to inspect the materials at the CBN. “Everything is intact, we just inspected the materials and we are satisfied,” he said. The Programme Manager, Yiaga Africa, an Election Monitoring Group, Mr Paul James remarked that the group was invited by INEC to inspect the sensitive materials at the CBN office, adding that by tomorrow (today) it will have a more detailed observation of the movement of the materials to Local Government Areas. He said: “Today we are here to confirm if the materials have arrived and yes we have seen that the materials have actually arrived.” According to James, as a group, we are happy with what we saw and we are also happy with the preparation and the progress so far for the election. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. INEC despatches sensitive materials I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. INEC despatches sensitive materials SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com