Former Deputy National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olabode George, has described the Edo State Governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, as an enigma, saying he had devoted the last four years to serving of the good people of the state, with total selflessness and sacrifice to deserve their votes for a second term in office. George said this, on Tuesday, in a release he personally signed in reaction to claim made in a broadcast by the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, that Obaseki is not a democrat and, therefore, should be rejected by Edo voters in Saturday’s poll exercise. According to George, who is also the Atona Oodua of the Source, Governor Obaseki is not only a humble personality and a democrat but also a bridge-builder, a go-getter who “is not deterred by the tantrums and the shenanigans of little men who go about trying to distort his image and his incredible achievements in Edo.” The PDP chief said the good people of Edo State believed in his hard work and observable developments which he had achieved, and further described him as a man of ingenuity and quick, natural accommodating nature. “He is a man of ingenuity and quick, natural accommodating nature,” he said. George, therefore, urged Obaseki to disregard the conspiracies and the charades of little men who go about playing dirty politics, sponsoring thuggery, fanning the embers of destruction, declaring that the governor definitely deserved a second term in office. “He (Obaseki) has earned it. He has worked for it. And most importantly, he has the support and the goodwill of all Edo people,” George said. George urged the people of Edo State to give Obaseki another four years to complete what he had started as his good works and achievements stood out for him. “His good works and achievements stand for him and Edo people should vote for him,” George declared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. Obaseki serves selflessly I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Obaseki serves selflessly SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com