Senatorial candidate for Lagos East on the platform of All Progressives Congress (APC), Mr Tokunbo Abiru, has promised to live up to expectation, if elected on October 31, 2020. Abiru, who emerged victorious at the party primary conducted by a panel headed by Ibrahim Masari, gave this promise in a statement made available to newsmen, even as he expressed his appreciation to party leaders and members, who had trooped out to ratify his candidature through affirmation. “Most sincerely, I thank you all for your support and promise never to disappoint you,” he said. According to Abiru, who is former Managing Director of Polaris Bank, and son of late Justice M. A. O Abiru, who got elected a senator between 1979 to 1983, the decision to vote him as the party candidate is no doubt an expression of confidence and trust in him, promising again to “live day and night to earn, justify and protect” such. The APC candidate, in particular, thanked the party national leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, for his support, saying he had been providing sterling leadership for the APC right from its conception to date. He described Tinubu as a leading light in all ramifications not only to Lagos State but also the federation at large as evident in a media interview a former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Babachir Lawal granted a few days back. “In that interview, Mr Lawal attested: ‘Asiwaju is a colossus of South-West politics. If he had said there would be no merger in 2013, there would not have been any merger we now refer to APC,'” Abiru recalled, adding that with this testimony and numerous others, history would affirm the place of Asiwaju Tinubu in the conception, birth, growth and consolidation of APC. He also thanked the state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, for steering the affairs of the state in line with the manifesto of the APC, the laid-down vision of its founding fathers as well as his THEMES Agenda, noting that the governor had, since flag-off of nomination process, provided unflinching support for the party at all times to ensure a peaceful, harmonious and unifying process. He equally appreciated the Lagos APC chairman, Alhaji Babatunde Balogun, all members of the State Working Committee (SWC) and the State Executive Committee (SEC) for organising the primary without acrimony and disharmony, and also the leaders in the Governors Advisory Council (GAC) for being wonderful and exceptional in providing rare leadership. The flag bearer equally lauded all aspirants who withdrew from the contest in the interest of the party and unity of Epe, Ibeju-Lekki, Ikorodu, Kosofe and Somolu councils, which constitute the district, declaring that he had started learning the political ropes from what he had witnessed so far. “From what transpired in the last few weeks, I have learnt a lot of things about our party members. I have seen their unshakable belief in the values our party stands for. “I have also seen teeming support for the direction our leaders at all levels have been providing to bring about much-needed development. I have witnessed their desire to elect leaders, who can avidly deploy their offices to seek the common good of all,” he said. Speaking further, Abiru described the ratification as a victory for the party, the leaders and members, urging them all to come out en mass on the election day to vote “in support of our party and me, your candidate for the senatorial election in Lagos East.” “I must, therefore, say this ratification is your victory. We must bear in mind that this is the first phase in the senatorial contest. Already, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has scheduled the second phase of the contest for October 31, 2020. “Let me plead with you all that we must all come out in good number on this date in support of our party and me, your candidate for the senatorial election in Lagos East,” the party candidate said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…I’ll not disappoint Lagos  I’ll not disappoint Lagos E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…I’ll not disappoint Lagos  I’ll not disappoint Lagos 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…I’ll not disappoint Lagos  I’ll not disappoint Lagos FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY