The Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) has suspended the industrial action embarked on in all Federal and State hospitals nationwide on Monday. The resident doctors suspended the strike after the National Executive Council (NEC) meeting of NARD ON Thursday evening and directed all its members to immediately report at their duty post. The resident doctors have embarked on a total and an indefinite strike in all Federal and State hospitals nationwide on Monday and insisted that the strike would not be suspended until their demands are met by the government. In a swift reaction, the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, summoned the NARD leadership to a meeting with the leadership of the Federal Ministry of Health, to find an amicable solution to resolve the crisis. ALSO READ: FAAC disbursements to FG, states decrease by over 5% in 2020 Q2 ― Report Following the conciliatory meeting, which also has in attendance the Federal Ministries Finance; Budget and National Planning; the Office of Accountant General of the Federation; and the National Salaries, Income and Wages Commission on Wednesday, NARD has reached an agreement with the Federal Government to call off the strike by the doctors. The demands of the doctors include the provision of group life insurance for doctors and other Health Care Workers and payment of death-in-service benefit to next of kin/beneficiaries; Universal implementation of the Medical Residency Training Act in all Federal and State; and Immediate review of the Hazard Allowance of Health Care Workers and payment of the COVID-19 Inducement Allowance as agreed during the stakeholders’ meeting. Other demands include, Immediate release of funds for Medical Residency Training for 2020 as captured in the revised Appropriation Bill: and Payment of allowed arrears of the Consequential Adjustment of the National Minimum Wage to her members, and implementation of such in States Tertiary Health Institutions.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com