The governing board of the Ekiti State Security Network Agency codenamed Amotekun corps has completed screening for no fewer than 2,593 applicants jostling to be enlisted into the security outfit in the state. The security network established in February is meant to address waves of killings, kidnappings, farm invasion and other heinous crimes in the state. The screening which commenced last week saw the applicants from the 16 local government areas of the state converged on the popular Fajuyi pavilion in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital for the rigorous interview session. Speaking with Tribune Online shortly after receiving the report of the screening on Thursday, the Amotekun corps commander, Brig. Gen Joe Komolafe(retd) commended the screening committee for doing a thorough job that would determine the success of the security initiative. Komolafe who explained that the Amotekun governing board would meet next week to deliberate on the report revealed that successful applicants will be picked purely based on merit and not on political consideration. He said the shortlisting exercise would not only be transparent but non-partisan and merit-based to ensure that only people of unquestionable character and integrity are recruited. ALSO READ: Gombe suspends salaries of PHC staff, medical doctors This, he, said would help the Amotekun security outfit to achieve its foundational goals and objectives targeted at keeping armed robbery, kidnapping, killing and other crimes in the state at bay. According to him, all successful Amotekun applicants would be invited for medical test and training before they will be deployed to their respective domains for the smooth take-off of Amotekun operations in the state. He said, ” I want to specially appreciate the screening committee for a great job they just concluded. “Don’t forget we started last week Monday and the screening was tedious because we know the importance of it. We can’t afford to engage those that are not capable of this job. “We will meet at the governing board level next week to deliberate on the reports submitted by the screening committee and without further delay invite those that met our criteria from the 2,593 screened for medical examination and training before deployment. “Like I said before now and I want to repeat it here, those that will be enlisted in Amotekun will be selected based on their capabilities and not political consideration.” Komolafe while calling for support of residents to the Amotekun security outfit in their communities, he noted that the Amotekun corps will be collaborating with other established security agencies especially in the area of intelligence gathering towards ending the scourge of criminalities in the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com