The National leader of All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governor of Lagos State, Senator Bola Tinubu, has expressed satisfaction with leaders and chieftains of the party in Ondo state for coming together for the re-election bid of Governor Rotimi Akeredolu. Tinubu who state this in Akure, Ondo State capital, said the party has been able to scale through a difficult hurdle by throwing their weight behind Akeredolu and supporting his reelection bid. He, however, expressed optimism that the party would win the forthcoming governorship election saying the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) cannot stop APC from winning the next governorship election. He advised members of the APC not to “fight the PDP. There is no point fighting a corpse inside the coffin, just settle down and calmly nail the coffin” He said he deliberately stepped aside from the crisis in the state chapter of the party over the choice of the governorship candidate. He said “I must offer a confession. When some of our members sought to reach me before the primaries to raise questions regarding Governor Akeredolu, I made myself unavailable. “I did not do this to hurt or insult anyone. Here I ask that none of you is offended. I did this because I know the depth of character and the high quality of the leaders of this state’s chapter. You are all my brothers in whom I repose greater confidence. “The governor had shown that he wanted genuine reconciliation among party members in the state. “As part of this trust-building process, the governor was asked to extend a hand of fellowship to those who felt aggrieved and to embrace all the leaders within the state chapter of the party so that our progressive front would again be solid and strong. “True to my high estimation of your principles and political astuteness, you all began to reach out to each other and work together toward a common and good cause – the continuance of progressive governance in Ondo under the banner of the APC. “We all must work together and forge ahead as one if we are to attain the country’s overall development goals. It is against this context, that my actions regarding Ondo must be weighed.” He saluted some major actors who come together to ensure the existing peace in the party. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Tinubu commends Ondo APC E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…Tinubu commends Ondo APC Tinubu commends Ondo APC 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Tinubu commends Ondo APC  Tinubu commends Ondo APC FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY