The lawmaker representing Ekiti South senatorial district, Senator Biodun Olujimi, on Thursday, described as laughable the threat of former governor, Ayodele Fayose that the governor of Oyo State, Engr Seyi Makinde, would not be allowed into Ekiti State to resolve the lingering crisis in the state chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) Olujimi, who leads a faction of the party in the state declared that all stakeholders in the party have adopted Makinde as the party’s zonal leader. Makinde, being the only PDP governor in the zone had suggested political solution in resolving the crisis in the Ekiti PDP, which has now snowballed into factions, but Fayose disagreed, saying he has no right to intervene in the running of the party in the state. While the faction loyal to Olujimi elected Mr Kehinde Odebummi as state party chairman, while the former governor’s group elected Mr Bisi Kolawole. Speaking in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, on Wednesday, Fayose had said, ” The fact that there is a sitting governor(Makinde) does not say I should go to another man’s state. Nobody should come to my state; if you come to my state, I will face you squarely.” But, the PDP senator who spoke in Omuo-Ekiti, Ekiti East local government area of Ekiti, on Thursday, while distributing empowerment materials to her constituents in the district said the Oyo State governor remained the indisputable leader of the southwest zone and will be welcomed to the state. ALSO READ: Olu of Warri appeals to Buhari to complete Koko – Lagos road, sea shoreline protection project Materials distributed were: 480 deep freezers, 250 sewing machines, 220 motorcycles, carrier machines, solar panel, cash, 250 drying machines, 220 laptops, 6 carry -go tricycles, among others. According to him, “In Ekiti, we are emphatic, we have adopted Governor Seyi Makinde, we have refused impunity, undesirable attitude and the wholesale destruction of the party. Let it be noted that we will resist all attempts to foist a man who supervised the total loss of the party on with all our blood. “So, governor Makinde was adopted, because he is a decent, understanding and knowledgeable person. The South-West NASS caucus had adopted him. I heard Fayose said the caretaker in the zone has not been allowed to function, why should he say that? Because he too had strangulated the caretaker committee we have in Ekiti. “What has Makinde done? He said we should wait and resolve this crisis before conducting the congresses because no individual can run Ekiti and deliver. “Let me say this, Governor Seyi Makinde is welcomed in Ekiti anytime. He should even come now so that we can celebrate him. Fayose’s comment was just an empty threat.” The former minority leader warned the National Working Committee (NWC) not to surrender to the minority group being led by Fayose, saying the party would collapse in the state if the majority was denied ownership of the party. She said: “Let it be known that we are resolute if the party is not behind 80% of its constituents, we will shock them, enough is enough. Our dirty linens being exhibited daily in public because the national body has been complicit in allowing one man to believe he owns the party. The party must act now or blame itself down the line. The battle like is drawn.” Olujimi described as ill-timed, the recent increase in the pump price of petrol by the federal government due to deregulation, urging the government to reverse the action in the interest of the masses. The recent increase in fuel and electricity tariff which is as a result of the deregulation of these sectors might be desirable to the government but is undesirable to the teeming public because of its timing. The important issue of governance is that government must have a human face and must take issues and concerns of the larger populace as very important, the timing of the increase is wrong and undesirable.” She assured that the National Assembly won’t cease to express opposition to the passage of any bill that is not in the public interest to stabilise the nation and ensure good governance. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE You can’t stop Makinde What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… You can’t stop Makinde COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… You can’t stop Makinde You can’t stop Makinde SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com