Two sets of brothers and three other men in the age range of 20 and 30 were on Wednesday arrested in Ibadan, Oyo State, by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The two sets of brothers, Ayoola Timilehin, Olusola Timilehin, and Oladayo Fayemi and Tolulope Fayemi along with three others, Temitope Kumuyi, Babatunde Oyelakin and Olanrewaju Ibrahim, were arrested in the Elebu area of Ibadan, following intelligence reports about the activities of the young men. According to a statement by the anti-graft agency, the young men who were popularly called Yahoo Boys were arrested based on intelligence linking them with opulence without any identifiable means of livelihood. The statement added that items recovered from them included four cars, laptops, exotic phones, a calabash with black soap and a stamp bearing the identity of the bursary section of Queensland University’s School of Medicine, Australia. According to the statement: “Operatives of the the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan zonal office, have arrested two pairs of brothers: Ayoola Timilehin, Olusola Timilehin, and Oladayo Fayemi, Tolulope Fayemi and three others suspected to be internet fraudsters. “They were arrested at their hideout on Wednesday, September 9, 2020 at Alaka, Elebu area of Ibadan, Oyo State. “The other three suspects arrested with them are Temitope Kumuyi, Babatunde Oyelakin and Olanrewaju Ibrahim. They are all between 20 and 30 years age range. “The suspects were arrested based on intelligence linking them with opulence without any identifiable means of livelihood. “Items recovered from them included four cars, laptops, exotic phones and a stamp bearing the identity of the bursary section of Queensland University’s School of Medicine, Australia. “They will be charged to court as soon as investigations are concluded.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… EFCC arrests two sets of brothers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com