The Bauchi State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) said the flood had killed 16 persons, destroyed 3,042 houses and several farmlands in the state. Alhaji Shehu Ningi, the Permanent Secretary (PS) of SEMA told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Bauchi that 11 out of the 20 local government areas of the state were affected by the flood. “The affected local government areas include Shira, Dambam, Katagum, Jammare, Warji, Itas, Alkaleri, Bauchi, Zaki Kirfi and Gamawa,” he said. He said that farmlands and crops including maize, millet, guinea corn and rice were destroyed as a result of the flood. Ningi said that the state government has directed the agency to provide relief materials to some affected communities in six local government areas. He explained that relief materials provided to the victims include: assorted food items, medicine, beddings, canoes and temporary shelter. “The affected victims have been temporarily relocated to various schools, mosques and relatives’ houses,” Ningi said. Ningi added that the government was doing its best to avert the situation in other parts of the state. “The Agency has embarked on a high level of sensitisation to religious bodies and communities through jingles and other means of communication,” he said. He urged the people to avoid indiscriminate dumping of refuse and erecting structures on the waterways. Ningi stressed the need for government to expand drainage systems and engage in the construction of dams that would reduce the volume of water that goes into the communities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com