KOGI State government on Friday says it has a better welfare package for medical doctors in the state. The Commissioner for Health, Dr Saka Audu made this known on Friday in a press statement. He noted that while Kogi State is not the only state that is yet to implement the new Salary Structure for Doctors, the plan has been put in place to be integrated into the budget proposal for 2021 which will greatly improve the remuneration for Doctors in the State and will surpass that of many other States. His words, “While it is on record that only 7 states in the Federation have fully adopted the Revised CONMESS of 2014, we find it important to make the following clarification. “Even before the strike action we have held meetings with the Association of Resident Doctors and we have agreed on what we needed to do to improve remuneration for our Doctors. “We are indeed proud of them as they have been very resilient and hardworking, and showed uncanny cooperation during the critical time of the Covid-19 pandemic, contributing immensely to our ability to shield our dear state from the pandemic. “In light of this, His Excellency Governor Yahaya Bello has directed that the new Salary Structure (Revised CONMESS 2014) be implemented in Kogi State with effect from the month of September 2020). “The New Direction Administration of His Excellency Governor Yahaya Bello has already commenced massive Health Sector upgrade in terms of infrastructural development, and this will be complemented by human resource development as well, through improved welfare package and capacity building for all Health workers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…Better welfare package  Better welfare package COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…Better welfare package  Better welfare package Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…Better welfare package  Better welfare package SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com