The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State on Sunday, reacted to the National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu’s comment about the PDP, describing the party as dead and about to be buried. The Ondo PDP while reacting to the statement credited to APC National leader, described Tinubu’s claim as laughable, saying the statement can only come out from the mouth of a daydreamer. Tinubu while inaugurating one of the governor Rotimi Akeredolu projects on Saturday, unsparing the opposition PDP, urging APC supporters not to fight members of PDP in the state describing the party as dead and buried. Tinubu said “you don’t fight the PDP. There is no point fighting a corpse inside the coffin, just settle down and calmly nail their coffin” But the Publicity Secretary of the PDP in the state, Kennedy Peretei, said Tinubu is still living in the past and said the party is poised to dislodge the APC in Ondo State. He said the last Saturday flag off a rally of the APC exposed the party as being rejected in the state while the PDP had put its house in order and waxing stronger. Peretei maintained that the fortune of the APC in the state has continued to dwindle and rejected by Ondo people while PDP keeps soaring in the state. ALSO READ: Crude affreightment: NIMASA revives move to change Nigeria’s Terms-of-Trade According to him, the success recorded by the PDP during the 2019 general election was a testimony that PDP is waxing stronger in the state and has become a nightmare to the ruling APC in the state. He said the success recorded during the presidential election and winning two out of the three Senatorial seats in the state is the tonic the party needed to win the forthcoming governorship election in the state. Peretei said, “Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu said the PDP is dead. This claim is laughable because it can only come out from the mouth of a daydreamer. “The much-hyped Flag off of the Akeredolu Campaign was apparently rejected not only by Ondo people but even the forces of nature that brought about torrential rainfall. “Ironically, Tinubu and his hired crowd from Osun and Ekiti States symbolically took solace in umbrellas that dotted the entire Campaign ground. “Only last year, the PDP defeated the Buhari led APC roundly at the Presidential elections. “The PDP also won two out of the three Senatorial seats in Ondo State. How can such a party by any stretch of imagination be said to be dead? “It is shameful that the only project Tinubu came to the commission in three and half years is the Revenue House, a building that stands as a signpost of multiple taxations of the Ondo State people ten per cent of which goes directly to the pocket of Akeredolu’s son. “The PDP is offering affordable education and health care delivery as against Aketi’s engineered astronomical tuition fees that have thrown many students in tertiary institutions out of school. “But by October 10, Tinubu will know which party is dead in Ondo State.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY