As fourteen candidates seek the votes of electorate in Edo State for the highest political office in the state, chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC) Professor Mahmood Yakubu has again warned staff of the Commission not to give preference to any of the candidate and his political party. Professor Yakubu gave the warning in a message to his workforce in Edo State for the election. The INEC chairman maintained that the international community is taking more than a passing interest in the Edo State governorship election and admonished his staff members to “be neutral at all times and stick strictly to our Code of Conduct and Oath of Neutrality to which we have all subscribed.” He further assured them that he would continue to accord priority to their welfare and conditions of service. The statement read in part: “As we begin the final countdown to the Edo governorship election, it is clear that all eyes are on the Independent National Electoral Commission to deliver a free, fair and credible process. “I have no doubt that our staff members will rise to the occasion. We have done it several times before and we can do it again. The Commission deeply appreciates the never-ending sacrifices made by our staff at all times, often beyond the call of duty, to ensure that we carry out our mandate. The management will continue to improve the welfare and conditions of service of staff within the available resources. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Plateau now epicentre in Nigeria with 3,175 confirmed cases “Let me appeal to all of you to remain steadfast and committed to the ideals of the Commission Nigerians and the international community expect so much from us. They are watching. It is important that we all remain above board in the performance of our respective duties. We must ensure that no political party or candidate is accorded any advantage over the other. We must be neutral at all times and stick strictly to our Code of Conduct and Oath of Neutrality to which we have all subscribed “For, at the end of the day, we would have all contributed to the sustenance of democracy and a strong electoral process that all Nigerians can trust. “Thank you all for your efforts.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com