Jobberman, the single largest online training and job placement website, is set to host Nigeria’s largest Virtual Career Fair, which will take place on Wednesday, September 30, 2020. At a press conference, it was disclosed that Jobberman, as part of its #Champions campaign, 250 potential employers from various sectors including digital, agriculture and creative, and 10,000 highly qualified candidates will come together under one virtual roof for this landmark must-attend event. The one-day Virtual Career Fair will be centred on how to navigate the increasingly competitive job space and provide the necessary tools to get hired, with one-one interviews between candidates and employers and sessions such as CV Preparation masterclasses. The online event is part of Jobberman’s mandate to use its soft skills training to place 3 million young Nigerians in dignified employment in the next 5 years. According to Hilda Kragha, Managing Director of ROAM Africa Jobs, “the Virtual Career Fair perfectly encapsulates Jobberman’s commitment to alleviating the strains of unemployment and employability, by connecting thousands of qualified candidates to reputable employers, in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. “As an innovative and technologically driven company, I am delighted that we were able to find a solution to this immediate and challenging issue, by creating this first-ever virtual space of opportunity for both employer and candidate. We strongly encourage signing-up.” At the fair, companies mainly from agri-tech, digital and the creative sectors with operations in Lagos, Kano and Kaduna will be in attendance to showcase their brands and company cultures. Employers already listed on the Jobberman platform are able to sign-up for free for the groundbreaking event and are required to commit to hiring within three months of the fair. Jobberman is the only recruitment services platform in Nigeria that offers to train and place candidates in dignified employment. The ongoing online training program equips young people with critical tools including business etiquette, emotional intelligence and more, to help them transition into their new roles and increase workplace productivity. The Virtual Career Fair is free to all candidates who have completed the online program and passed the end of the course assessment test. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com