Despite global ethics to ensure education for all, there remain barriers to quality education for children throughout the world and girls and boys may be excluded from schools because of their gender, race or religion but most often, it is because of a disability. Goal 4 of the sustainable development goals addressed this by referring to the need for inclusive and equitable quality education and this is reflected in the pledge to leave no one behind including children with disabilities. It seems ironic that those who most need education are less likely to get it. Most children with disabilities are excluded from access to education and are often stigmatised thereby robbing them of their potential and diminishing our society. It is not the fault of the children who are deaf, blind, crippled or with other forms of disability. All we have to do is to include them in the educational system in order to make them feel better. We can’t grant their dreams of being normal then let’s not take away their right to quality education. A key strategy is the employment of teachers who understand the importance of and are able to use sign language, Braille and alternative communication system. They should also have a high level of disability awareness, and the necessary knowledge and skills to teach them. Their disability doesn’t make them less. So let’s be aware and also build systems of support for inclusive education. Favour, David-Bolade Bowen University, Iwo  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections, saying it may impose travel restrictions on the perpetrators and prosecute them under international law. Presidency’s Reaction To Our Intervention Disappointing, Say Afenifere, NEF, Ohanaeze, PANDEF, MBF NIGERIAN leaders and elders under the aegis of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere; Northern Elders Forum (NEF); Ohanaeze Ndi’gbo, Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) and the Middle-Belt Forum (MBF), on Monday described as “deeply disappointing and worrying” the way the presidency chose to react to the pieces of advice offered by the groups and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on better ways to move the country forward. Soyinka Backs Obasanjo, Says Nigeria Now More Divided Under Buhari Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka has backed claims by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, saying Nigeria is presently more divided under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com