To curb the case of the perennial flood that has ravaged parts of Sokoto State, Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal on Monday disclosed that his administration is set to construct three earth dams in the areas worst hit by the flood. This is according to a statement signed by his special adviser on media and publicity, Muhammad Bello, which was released to journalists in the state on Monday. Bello, according to the statement disclosed that Tambuwal stated this while sympathising with the people of Silame, Kebbe and Tambuwal local government areas in the state over the flood disaster that affected the areas. He said the construction of the dams in the area will minimise the recurrent incidents of flooding in the state. According to him, the state government has concluded arrangements and logistics for the construction of Jiccini dam in Rabah local government area. During the tour, Tambuwal inspected the three bridges which portions were massively washed away leading to their collapse. The bridges are those of Silame, Kawa and Romon Sarki- Romon Liman in Silame, Kebbe and Tambuwal local government areas. While sympathising with the people of the area, the governor cautioned them against building on waterways and charged them to always abide by meteorologists’ advice on weather conditions in order to protect themselves and their property from the menace of flooding. The governor also explained that the state will come up with a special package to boost irrigation farming in order to reduce the losses recorded as a result of the flooding. He also informed the gathering that the state government will provide relief materials to the victims and also send experts to assess the level of the damages with a view to mitigating future occurrences. Tambuwal thanked the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) for sending its team to Sokoto to assess the level of damage inflicted by the natural disaster. In his remarks, the representative of the NEMA, Engineer James said he was in the state to assess the level of the damage done by the flood in the areas affected. He thanked the Sokoto State government for its quick response to the plight of flood victims in the state and assured it of the federal agency’s collaboration in order to assist the victims. Tribune Online gathered that hundreds of villages have been submerged by the flood while farmlands, livestock and infrastructure were also lost.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com