Gunmen have kidnapped 17 family members while clearing maize farm in Udawa village of Chikun local government of Kaduna State. Speaking in an interview on Sunday, the head of the family clan, Ayuba Jakuta told the Tribune Online that the family members went to harvest maize and clear the farm from weeds when the hoodlums attacked them. According to him, the gunmen came to the farm around 7 am on Saturday and abducted 17 members of my family, while four of the victims sustained bullet wounds. Explaining further, Jakuta said most of the villagers could not farm because of the fear of the kidnappers, saying they had resorted to farming close to their homes. “This is what we eat to survive as there’s no food. We have food scarcity in the village and surrounding villages,” he said. According to him, not long when they arrived at the farm, the gunmen stormed with AK47 rifles and abducted 17 members of his family. “Yes, 17 members were kidnapped. Out of the 17, three women were among those kidnapped. One of the women was nursing a baby. Four others sustained bullet wounds. “Those who sustained injuries were conveyed to a hospital in Kaduna. One was shot in the mouth and a woman who was shot in the chest.” He said he had reported the incident to the police and that according to him, police and soldiers had since arrived at the village to assess the situation. When contacted, the Police image-maker, Muhammad Jalige said they are yet to be briefed by the Divisional Police Officer. He, however, promised to get back to our reporter as soon as they get the full details of the incident.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com