Following a fatal accident involving a 608 coaster bus with registration number UKP 78 XA at Ivo River in Ivo local government area of Ebonyi State, the corpse of CSP Livinus Mbah Rtd and two others have been recovered by Police in the state. Ebonyi State police public relations officer, DSP Loveth Odah made this known to newsmen on Sunday. According to her, the bodies have been deposited at Martha memorial hospital Afikpo for preservation. She further added that efforts are being put to place to rescue the remaining missing persons. “Three (3) more corpses have been recovered, among them is the lifeless body of CSP Livinus Mbah Rtd, making a total number of twenty-three (23) victims. “The corpses have been deposited at Martha Memorial Hospital Afikpo for preservation. Effort is on to recover the remaining ten (10) persons,” she said. Recall that on Friday, a 608 coaster bus with 32 members of the Christ Peculiar Church of Nigeria Enugu State branch plunges into Ivo River while returning from a burial ceremony at Nguzu Edda in Afikpo South LGA of the state. Tribune Online reports that 14 corpses were recovered (7 females and 7 males) together with the 608 vehicle on Saturday. This is in addition to the first five recovered on Friday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Dino Melaye’s Revelation: How I Was Scammed To Support Buhari, Join APC In 2015 Senator Dino Melaye, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), represented Kogi West senatorial district in the Eighth Assembly and until last November, in the 9th National Assembly speaks in this exclusive interview on the leadership of the National Assembly under Senator Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila, review of the Nigerian Constitution, how he was scammed to support Buhari in 2015 and why President Muhammadu Buhari will never agree to a workable constitution for the country… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com