President Muhammadu Buhari has prayed God’s comfort for former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayo Fayose, on the sad loss of his immediate elder sister, Mrs Moji Ladeji. ALSO READ: Insurgency: Army reiterates commitment to synergy with other security agencies A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President Buhari (Media and Publicity) in. Abuja on Wed said the President equally condoled with the nuclear family of the deceased, the larger Fayose and Ladeji families, friends, relations and associates, urging them to take heart, since death is the ultimate end of all mortals. President Buhari prays that the soul of the departed will rest in peace.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com