Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has described the Federal Government’s policies and programmes in education as a veritable tool to national development. According to him, the progress recorded and measures taken by the Buhari administration in reopening of schools in the country should be commended. “I wish to acknowledge the commitment of the Federal Government in the education sector particularly at this time when schools are about to be reopened, he said”. According to a statement signed and issued by Chief Press Secretary to the deputy governor of Kano State, Comrade Hassan Musa Fagge, the governor, represented by his Deputy, Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna made the assertion on Saturday evening while receiving the Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba who paid him a visit in his office. ALSO READ: Ife begins Olojo festival as Ooni enters 7-day seclusion He stated that the state government is committed to prioritising the education sector in view of its importance, adding that as part of compliance with the COVID-19 protocols for ensuring the safety and protection of the teaching staff and the students ahead of the reopening of schools, fumigation exercises have been conducted with  PPE’s provided to the schools across the state. The governor also explained that recently, his administration released the sum of N880 million for the renovation of some schools across the state. Speaking earlier, the Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba said he was in Kano for the North West stakeholders meeting to review the guidelines and protocols for reopening of schools. He further said that during the visit, he would also assess the facilities in the schools with a view to make them functional. The Minister later praised the efforts of the Kano State Government for its laudable initiatives in promoting education which he described as worthy of emulation by other states. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com