The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has said the ill-fated Bell 26 B III helicopter belonging to Quorum Aviation was not designed to have a Flight Data Recorder (FRD) otherwise known as black box on board before it crashed. This is coming five days after the helicopter with nationality and registration mark 5-BQW which crashed into a public building on Opebi area of Lagos killing all the three crew members on board. The Bureau also assured that the preliminary report on the cause of the accident will be released in few weeks’ time. Equally, AIB said it has given Quorum Aviation, operators of the Bell 206 helicopter the clean bill, saying the crashed helicopter had a valid Air Operator’s Certificate that will expire on November 20, 2020. Addressing aviation journalists at the Lagos office of the AIB, the Commissioner of the Bureau, Akin Olateru said the purpose of the media conference was to discourage further unsubstantiated comments on the crash, adding that contrary to speculations, the AIB had not retrieved an FDR from the crashed chopper. According to Olateru, the ill-fated chopper did not meet the necessary criteria for an FDR and was not featured with one. “We would like to clarify that AIB did not retrieve an FDR from the aircraft as the Bell 206 is certified at approximately 1,519kg (3,350lbs) and featured five seats. It does not meet the necessary criteria for an FDR and was not featured with one. “It is extremely important to note that the aviation industry is the most regulated industry globally and its operations are regulated in accordance with the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). “The installation and application of FDRs in aircraft is guided by ICAO Annex 6, Parts 1 and 2. The basic standards for both parts are essentially similar. Part one applies to commercial aircraft while Part 2 is for non-commercial operations. “An FDR on the aircraft would have aided the investigation but nevertheless our world class trained investigators are competent to retrieve information about a crash from the wreckage and several other components of the aircraft, the site of the crash, communication with the ATC, and other documents on the aircraft,” Olateru said. While saying that investigation was ongoing to identify what led to the crash, the AIB Commissioner warned that any conjecture about the crash at this stage maybe detrimental to the process. The commissioner said though the crash happens to be the first aviation fatality the country will suffer in over five years, he still described Nigeria as one of the most ranked in the world in terms of flight safety.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.