The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Plc (IBEDC) has said that it is working to ensure that there is an improved electricity supply to customers in Mowe, Ibafo, Magboro in Ogun State. The management of IBEDC in a statement apologised to its customers at Mowe, Ibafo and Magboro over the poor supply of electricity in the area, while promising to ensure that the electricity supply to these communities is improved. The Chief Operating Officer, John Ayodele said that the dismal power situation being experienced in those communities is a shared challenge between IBEDC and the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN).  He explained that the three communities get their supply from Oke-Aro 132KV/33KV Transmission station, and allocation by TCN for that area is 13 MW, whereas the communities require about 40 MW. Ayodele said because the TCN cannot allocate the energy required to serve all the customers at the communities, the only option at this time is to deploy intensive load management thereby ensuring that customers have equal hours of daily supply. ALSO READ: Man impregnates girlfriend, after delivery of twins, allegedly sells them for N150,000 “Another major challenge is that the 33KV which is a straight network is solely under the control of the TCN. Whenever there is a fault, the normal routine is that our engineers must get approval from the TCN before repairs can commence and this process is a bit challenging. Also depending on the nature of the fault and the terrain of the network affected the process becomes more cumbersome,” he said. Ayodele further explained that IBEDC was working on the reconstruction of the old Owode-Egba network to enable some of the communities’ benefit from the newly commissioned Abeokuta transmission station at Kobape. “We are also appealing to our unmetered customers in this locality to take advantage of the Meter Asset Provider Scheme (MAP) to get metered. Our staff are on strict schedules to ensure that customers issues are promptly addressed,” he added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com