The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), has stated that no new products in sachet and small volume PET or glass bottles above 30 per cent ABV will be registered by NAFDAC while in order to reduce availability and curb abuse, producers of alcohol in sachets and small volume PET and glass bottles are to reduce production by 50 per cent of capacity prior to January 2020. Speaking through its Director-General, Prof Moji Christianah Adeyeye, NAFDAC, under the auspices of the Federal Ministry of Health, said alcohol is a toxic and psychoactive substance with dependence producing properties, adding that uncontrolled access and availability of high concentration alcohol in sachet and small volume PET or glass bottles has been put forward as a factor contributing to substance and alcohol abuse in Nigeria with its negative impact on the society. “With regard to alcohol, major stakeholders have been engaged at the highest level and are already sensitised on the issue. To this end, several interventions jointly agreed upon by major stakeholders are being undertaken and as a first step, the overall goal is a complete phase-out of high concentration alcohol in sachet and small PET and glass bottles in line with the agreed roadmap or earlier. NAFDAC is in the process of monitoring and enforcing all agreements jointly reached between the Federal Ministry of Health-NAFDAC, alcohol producers and other stakeholders,” she said. ALSO READ: Don’t drag APC into INEC Ondo fire outbreak controversy ― Akeredolu Campaign Organisation NAFDAC advised the public to exercise caution in the consumption of alcoholic beverages and avoid unregistered alcoholic products which could have deleterious effects on health, reiterating that NAFDAC is committed to preventing easy access to alcohol by young people and other vulnerable and high-risk groups. It further calls the attention of the public to its concerns relating to the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages in sachets, small volume glass and Poly-Ethylene Terephthalate (PET) bottles, adding that the agency’s concern is predicated on the negative effects of irresponsible alcohol consumption on public health and on the safety and security of the public The World Health Organisation (WHO) reports that alcohol consumption contributes to three million deaths globally every year and also contributes to the disabilities and poor health of millions of people. NAFDAC with the full support of the Federal Ministry of Health said it has continued to exercise its regulatory responsibilities by ensuring that all alcoholic beverages and other regulated products approved by the agency meet set standards of quality, safety and wholesomeness. The agency reiterates that the Federal Ministry of Health is concerned about the high incidence of substance and alcohol abuse in the country and NAFDAC, being the competent authority, and working with relevant stakeholders, is increasing efforts to stem this. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com