A huge fire raged in Beirut port on Thursday, AFP correspondents said, sparking alarm on Twitter making #Beirut to trend, and among Lebanese citizens still reeling from a devastating dockside explosion that disfigured Lebanon’s capital last month. Thick black columns of smoke rose into the sky, as the army said the blaze had engulfed a warehouse storing oil and tyres. The Army is telling people in the vicinity of Beirut port to evacuate as another huge fire rages. This video is circulating showing workers fleeing the area pic.twitter.com/FxGLhM8Wl1 — Liz Sly (@LizSly) September 10, 2020  It was not immediately clear what caused the blaze. “Operations have begun to extinguish the fire and army helicopters will take part,” the military said in a statement on Twitter. Social media users posted video footage, which sparked alarm among Beirut residents only just recovering from the country’s deadliest peace-time disaster. “Insane fire at the port, causing a panic all across Beirut. We just can’t catch a break,” Human Rights Watch researcher Aya Majzoub wrote on Twitter. The August 4 explosion of hundreds of tonnes of ammonium nitrate fertiliser at the port killed more than 190 people, wounded thousands and ravaged large parts of the capital. The blast sparked widespread outrage after it emerged authorities had been aware of the presence of the huge stockpile, and prompted the government to resign. Human rights researcher Omar Nashabe tweeted: “Where are we living? This is the scene of the crime a month ago! Where is the judiciary? Where is the state? Where is responsibility?” The port blast piled new misery on Lebanese already battling the coronavirus pandemic and the country’s worst economic crisis in decades, which has seen poverty rates double to more than half the population.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com