Introduction Currently, the economic condition of Nigeria is getting worse rather than improving. Factors such as shrinking per capita income, the unstable situation between tribes, and the rise of the terrorist group Boko Haram are hindering Nigeria’s progress. The country is making progress under the new government in manufacturing, technology, communications, and entertainment departments. But still, it’s a long journey for the Nigerian economy to become stable. The future of the country, i.e. children, also face a lot of problems both in their own country and abroad. Problems the students have in Nigeria These are some of the problems that students in Nigeria generally face: Exploiting System Surveys show that Nigerian students face various kinds of exploitation by the school heads in both private and public sectors. The heads force the students to pay enrollment fees so that they can ensure the student will pass the exam. They basically demand bribes and name it as enrolment fees. The staff charge students in the name of dues and things that aren’t necessary for education. They make parents pay a huge amount of money for books only available at the institution. Along with other stuff, it’s a popular way of exploiting students. When parents question, the school threatens them to leave the institution or pay the price and continue studying. Low education standards Most of the schools in Nigeria lack basic learning facilities. They even don’t have a complete number of teachers that should teach basic subjects. If in one school there’s an English teacher, there are chances there will be no mathematics teacher. There is gross underfunding in the education sector. The bad condition of the school buildings and equipment is unsafe for the students to study. The problem of chairs and tables as well as lab equipment and computers are a persistent one. All this, combined with a huge amount of corruption and money exploitation, leads to the massive educational decline in the country. Poverty The power of knowledge and education is the key to overcome poverty. But sadly, this isn’t the case in Nigeria. With the skyrocketing fees for enrollment and other school expenses, education has become unaffordable for the common masses. Knowledge is a gift, and to acquire it, one has to work hard. But people are making the acquiring of knowledge extremely difficult. Education is now a money-making venture in third-world countries like Nigeria. They squeeze insane amounts of cash in the name of education from parents and, in return, teach the students nothing. The rich pay bribes to get their children into a good institution. This is how low the status of education and knowledge is getting in Nigeria. People struggle to get their kids into schools. Still, if the child of a wealthy person arrives, all attention of the supervisors diverts towards him. Poor people stay poor with no education, so in turn, they get no jobs and do minor jobs. The rich stay rich, while having no value for life and money and not having to work hard and are unaware of the hardships others face. Drug problem Consequently, there’s been a rise in drug abuse among Nigerian students. Children don’t get to attend schools, so; they get involved in other activities. They mingle with the wrong people and start doing drugs. There has been a surge of Red Thai kratom in Nigeria in recent years as it is easily available and gets the students high enough. Poor parenting also contributes to students not studying and increasing cases of drug addiction in the country. However, the government isn’t taking any notice of it. Problems Nigerian students face in foreign countries Similarly, below we are going to describe some problems that Nigerian students face when they go abroad for studying: Exposure to a New Environment A Nigerian student who goes abroad to study sees new things which they didn’t have access to in their own country. They see drugs and drinks which they can get at cheaper rates. As a result, they are involved in other activities. Many people use kratom as a drug as it has opioid effects, and is cheap and easily available & has no side-effects. The students also fantasize about club-life and get indulged in the luxuries, i.e., parties and getting drunk rather than studying. Difference in culture When students travel from Nigeria to other countries, they travel with the hope of starting a better life, but they experience ‘culture shock’. The culture they use to experience in their country is totally different from the one over here, and this shocks them. The common practice of greeting one another by bowing your head in Nigeria, but in other countries, it is very different. Social challenges One of the most common issues that pupils studying abroad face is making friends in a totally different country. Likewise, adjusting to new food, rules, and regulations is also difficult. It takes a long time to change their habits and adapt, and some are not ready to give up their culture. They think it will make them forget their country. Students all over the world face problems, but when combined with governance issues, it causes more damage. The financial problems, corruption, and the involvement of politics in the educational system have crushed the education system of Nigeria. If things aren’t set right, generations shall be destroyed.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politician, Others Offended By My Husband Should Forgive Him ― Adedibu’s Widow Wife of the late strongman of Oyo State politics Alhaji Lamidi Ariyibi Adedibu, Alhaja Modinat Abosede Adedibu has come out to appeal to those he offended while alive to forgive him, as there is no human being that does not make mistakes. She also added that since he is now late, those who offended him too… Kill Me Rather Than Destroy My Cannabis Farm ― Suspect Begs NDLEA In Kogi A suspected Cannabis Sativa farmer, Clement Akor, has begged the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to take his life instead of destroying his 10-hectare cannabis plantation. Akor, a 42 years old father of six children from Enabo village in Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State was arrested by the Kogi State command of… CAMA Is Against Religious Institutions In Nigeria ―CUPP The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) on Wednesday said that the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) was being targeted at religious institutions in the country. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the spokesman of CUPP, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere said that it was also a plot by the Federal Government to have access to finance… VCs, IPPIS Manipulating Promotions, Appointments — ASUU CALABAR zone of the Academic Staff Union of Universities on Monday accused some vice-chancellors of cashing in on the COVID-19-induced closure of universities to manipulate the processes of appointments and promotions in the system, among other infractions. It says the vice-chancellors, whom it did not name… I Believe That Nigeria’s Herbal Medicines May Be Able To Cure COVID-19 — NAFDAC DG DIRECTOR-GENERAL of the National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Christianah Adeyeye, said she believes that Nigeria’s herbal medicines may be able to cure COVID-19. Professor Adeyeye, who spoke during an online news conference, said that Nigeria’s herbal medicines have… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY