Gbo Kabaari, a forum of Ogoni elders and leaders, has scored Hydro Carbon Pollution Remediation Project (HYPREP) and called for a comprehensive overhaul, and restructuring of the project across all levels of its current structure. The chairman of the group, Senator Bennett Birabi, who spoke to journalists in Port Harcourt on Monday, said there was an urgent need to restructure and rejig HYPREP given the enormous negative assessment reports it has received from UNEP, Amnesty International, Environmental Rights Actions/Friends of the Earth, Friends of the Earth Europe and the Milieudefensie. Dr Birabi said that the organisations had in a joint report titled “No Clean up, No Justice” highlighted a litany of failures in HYPREP such as the limited scope of the cleanup, slow progress, flawed cleanup operations, poor monitoring of remediation activities, failure to set up the Centre of Excellence as recommended in the UNEP report, failure to implement emergency measures, failure to take steps to prevent future pollution, as well as lack of expertise among consultants and contractors. He said that the agency has performed abysmally low in the core areas of its mandate such as emergency measures, clean up of land contamination, clean up of sediments, restoration of artisanal and rehabilitation, mangrove restoration and rehabilitation, surveillance and monitoring, as well as alternative employment to those in artisanal refining. He said that the position of both UNEP and Amnesty International corroborate its repeated stance on HYPREP. Dr Birabi said that HYPREP as presently structured cannot function efficiently to deliver on such an important and colossal project, saying that the UNEP report which necessitated the establishment of HYPREP also highlighted the ranging environmental emergency in Ogoniland. “Worse still, this complex governance structure is largely composed of political appointees with indefinite tenures of appointment as well as representatives of the oil companies that polluted Ogoniland. Also, as we have noted before, HYPREP as presently constituted has no life of its own. It was set up by a Presidential directive and has no legislative instrument to give it a life, impetus and legal personality. “HYPREP as presently structured and constituted exists at the pleasures and mercies of the President. We strongly believe that that should not be the case for an important project such as this.  Our assessment of the scoping process shows a lack of understanding of the complexities and dynamics of remediation activities. As stated in the UNEP report some sites that were previously certified cleaned and remediated were found to be still heavily polluted decades after. “The only explanation for this is that contracts were awarded to companies lacking the technology and technological capability, and a complicit regulatory body or personnel that certified the sites as remediated,” he said. The Project Coordinator of HYPREP, Dr Marvin Dekil told journalists in Port Harcourt during the 9th anniversary of the submission of UNEP report on Ogoni to the Federal Government that the project had overcome its teething problems and has fully embarked on the remediation of impacted sites. He said that HYPREP used the first one and a half years to put pieces of machinery on the ground and went into full remediation in January 2019.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.