Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Professor Mahmood Yakubu has thanked the staff of the Commission for their conduct in the 2020 governorship election in Edo State held at the weekend. In a statement he issued shortly after the Returning Officer for Edo election, Professor Akpofure Rim-Rukeh, declared the candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki as the winner of the election, Professor Yakubu expressed appreciation to all those who worked to make the Edo State governorship election a success. Ahead the Ondo State governorship election fixed for October 10, the INEC chairman urged his staff to strive to improve on their performance. The statement read in part: “While winding down the Situation Room on the Edo Governorship election at 2.20 pm the Honourable Chairman reminded all that there is no respite yet for all as the attention shifts to Ondo State where the Commission will in three weeks conduct another governorship election. “And three weeks after that it will be the series of bye-elections in 11 states. Prof Yakubu challenged all INEC staff and participants in the conduct of elections in the country to prove that the success in Edo was not a fluke but the standard in the conduct of elections. “Even as The Situation Room operations on the Edo election is now closed, the final words on the election will still be made.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Dino Melaye’s Revelation: How I Was Scammed To Support Buhari, Join APC In 2015 Senator Dino Melaye, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), represented Kogi West senatorial district in the Eighth Assembly and until last November, in the 9th National Assembly speaks in this exclusive interview on the leadership of the National Assembly under Senator Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila, review of the Nigerian Constitution, how he was scammed to support Buhari in 2015 and why President Muhammadu Buhari will never agree to a workable constitution for the country… 22 Deregistered Political Parties In Bauchi Demand Reregistration By INEC Bauchi State chapters of the 22 political parties deregistered by INEC for what was described as lack of national spread and non-performance but ordered to be reregistered by the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division have called on the INEC and Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission (BASIEC) to as a matter of fairness include their names and logos on the ballot papers for future elections… Eight Burnt To Death In Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Accident Eight persons were on Saturday night burnt to death in a lone accident involving a Mazda bus on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway… | Edo 2020 | Edo 2020 | Edo 2020 | Edo 2020 |  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com