The coalition of INEC accredited Civil Society Domestic Election Observers, has adjudged the September 19 governorship election in Edo State free, fair, credible and transparent. Giving its assessment of the election in Benin City on Monday, the coalition spokesman, Victor Kalu, said that the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC), “meticulously followed its timetable and schedule of activities for the conduct of Edo State governorship election 2020 to a conclusion”. “We noted with satisfaction that INEC was resolute, prepared and committed to conducting a credible free and fair governorship election in Edo State by providing a level playing ground for all the participant political parties in the state and for ensuring timely and even distribution of election materials across the polling units in the in the state for timely commencement of the election”, the coalition commended. The group equally commended INEC for its uncompromising position on strict compliance to use the Smart Card Reader, adding that the device proved to be very effective during the election. ALSO READ: Kwara commences process to reopen schools It expressed happiness that the perceived tension and fear of violence during the poll did not materialise, praising the law enforcement agents for being duty conscious and for performing their jobs dispassionately. The coalition recommended that for better future elections, strict security checks and possible scanning of voters card before entering polling units because of the presence of people who have no business at the polling units being mobilised to go there. “INEC, political parties and other stakeholders, especially the civil society groups, should engage more on civic voter education and mobilisation before every election to improve and encourage impressive voter participation during elections”, the group recommended. It commended the people of the state for their maturity during the election and the security agencies, especially the police and the Army for their impressive professional conducts. The coalition thanked “President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR for his fatherly disposition by not interfering in the Edo governorship election 2020 but remained true to his words of ensuring credible and transparent elections in Nigeria”. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com