The powerful explosion that occurred in Paris on Wednesday was caused by a fighter jet crossing the sound barrier, Sputnik reported. Giving an update on the source of the explosion, the prefecture (the capital city where the government’s representative resides) said in a tweet, “A very loud sound was heard in Paris and the Paris region. “There was no explosion. That was a fighter plane that went over the sound barrier. “(It was) an operational Rafale jet of the 113 airbases in Saint-Dizier, which assisted an aircraft that lost a radio signal and was authorised to break the sound barrier to assist the aeroplane in difficulty. “It broke the sound barrier in the east of Paris,” Sputnik quoted the Defence Ministry Spokesperson as saying. A powerful explosion was heard in the French capital of Paris on Wednesday, a Sputnik correspondent reported. According to media reports, the blast was heard all over the city. Before the update by the prefecture, the source of the explosion had been unclear. (ANI/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com