Police in Anambra State, have arrested a 47-year-old man, Mr Emeka Ezimadu, for allegedly killing two of his own children, his 85-year-old mother, injured three other children at Okpuneze Uruagu in Nnewi North local government area of State. The state Police spokesperson, SP Haruna Mohammed, who disclosed the act in a statement, said the suspect allegedly ran amok in a circumstances yet to be ascertained, attacked and killed two of his biological children namely Ifechukwu Ezimadu ‘m’ aged 9 years,Mmeso Ezimadu ‘f’ aged 2years and his own mother one Agnes Ezimadu ‘f’ aged 85years of same address allegedly with a cutlass while they were sleeping. He said the suspect equally used same offensive weapon and injured his three other children namely Nonso Ezimadu ‘m’ aged 12years, Chinaemerem Ezimadu ‘f’ aged 11 years and Ngozi Ezimadu ‘f’ aged 8years of same address. ALSO READ: Labourer bags two years imprisonment for stealing 12kg gas cylinder It was Police operatives attached to Nnewi Division that arrested the suspect on 17/9/2020 at about 11:55 pm. “Meanwhile, police detectives visited the Scene and rushed victims to the Akwudo hospital for medical attention where the two children and the aged mother were certified dead by a medical doctor while the three other children are receiving treatment, Mohammed added. Corpses deposited at Akwudo hospital morgue for autopsy and case transferred to State CID Awka for discreet investigation. . YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Minister commends NBMA on regulations for GMOs THE Minister of state in the Federal Ministry of environment Mrs. Sharon Ikeazor has commended the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) for its efforts in ensuring that the activities of modern Biotechnology and its products are properly regulated. https://tribuneonlineng.com/minister-commends-nbma-on-regulations-for-gmos/ children, Mr Emeka Ezimadu FG reiterates commitment to protection of schools The Federal Government has reiterated its commitment to the protection of schools and learning centres across the country from violence and all forms of attacks. children, Mr Emeka Ezimadu  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com