Nigeria’s container terminal, the West Africa Container Terminal (WACT), Onne, has received two more state-of-the-art Mobile Harbour Cranes (MHCs) and two 45 tons Reach Stackers, effectively making the terminal one of the most equipped in the country. In a statement by the terminal operator recently, the company said that since last year, it has consistently implemented its growth and development plan of becoming the most efficient container terminal in West Africa. The arrival of the latest set of MHCs brings the number of such gigantic cranes at the facility to four. This feat is unmatched by any other terminal in eastern Nigeria. In 2019, WACT invested $14 million to acquire its first set of two MHCs and other sophisticated modern cargo handling equipment, including 14 Specialized Terminal Trucks and two Reach Stackers. In 2020, the company announced a further investment in its phase two terminal upgrade, which includes acquiring three additional MHCs to bring the total in operation to five; 20 rubber tyre gantry cranes; three reach stackers; 13 terminal trucks and trailers, and empty container handlers. The upgrade will also include the deployment of reefer racks with a 600-plug capacity and expansion of the current yard, new workshop, and a new terminal gate complex. WACT Commercial Manager, Noah Sheriff, confirmed that the two new konecranes Gottwald mobile harbor cranes arrived Onne aboard MV Hanna on Tuesday, September 8. “These cranes stand for high performance, versatility, and eco-efficiency. Now I can assure you that WACT Onne will maintain her superior services and match our liner customers’ quest to upgrade their vessel fleet calling east Nigeria,” he said. The Managing Director of WACT, Aamir Mirza said “the acquisition of additional container handling equipment is part of our earlier announced expansion of the existing terminal capacity – a $100 million investment that started last year and that will be fully in place shortly. The expansion plan will deliver sufficient capacity to meet the envisaged growth in east Nigeria for the next 15 plus years.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Petrol/Electricity Price Hike: Prepare For Unprecedented Mass Action From Next Monday, NLC, TUC Tell Nigerians With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price… FG Takes Over Revenue Management Of NNPC, Customs, FIRS, NCC, Others Pressured by dwindling revenues and heavy debt burden, the Federal Government on Tuesday moved to boost its resources by directly taking over control of revenue management of its 10 most lucrative enterprises… Borno Governor Donates House, N20m To Widow, Children Of Colonel Killed By Boko Haram Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning… Angry APC Governors Meet Oshiomhole SOME governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, met with the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, behind closed doors. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com