The Federal Government has admonished mining companies and other operators in the Minerals and Metals Sector to operate within the operational guidelines in the Mining Act. Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Architect Olamilekan Adegbite, who gave this advice while playing host to Governor Ishaku Darius of Taraba State in his office in Abuja, however, assured the state governments of optimum cooperation geared towards sanitising the sector to make it more viable for investment. According to a statement authorised by Chief Information Officer (CIO), Theodore Agbagwa, on behalf of Director, Press and Public Relations and made available to newsmen, on Tuesday, the minister lauded Governor Darius for his humility and determination to visit the ministry to seek clarification on development in the sector to “Know exactly what Taraba State is doing right or wrong in mineral exploration.” He noted that Taraba State is richly endowed with abundant mineral resources, especially Gemstone which is a veritable source of revenue generation, noting that mining of minerals by mining companies must follow laid down procedures including obtaining operational mining licenses as well as payment of royalties to the Federal Government. Earlier, Governor Darius said the purpose of his visit was for his state to be carried along by Federal Government in its plan on minerals exploration and mining. He noted that there are a lot of illegal miners operating in the state and has come to seek ways to ameliorate the development that would place the state in the right path to benefit maximally from the mining of mineral resources in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…x FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.