The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in last weekend election in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu met behind closed door on Wednesday with Yobe State governor and Chairman, Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the APC, Governor Mai Mala Buni in Abuja. Also at the meeting which was held at the latter residence was Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello. Details of the meeting were sketchy as at press time. The interim national leadership of the party had on Tuesday issued a statement, congratulating the candidate of the People’s Democratic Party, Godwin Obaseki who won the election and consequently earned a fresh mandate of four years. The party in the statement appealed to its candidate, Pastor Ize-Iyamu to emulate President Muhammadu Buhari who had earlier congratulated Governor Obaseki. Governor Buni in the statement he personally signed urged all chieftains across party divide to” put an end to the era when electoral contest become warfare. We urge our candidate and all our members to join us in congratulating Mr Godwin Obaseki and the PDP, being the declared winner of the election.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday…..Buni and Ize-Iyamu The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas…Buni and Ize-Iyamu Buni and Ize-Iyamu Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia…Buni and Ize-Iyamu NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com