The lawmaker representing Ekiti South Senatorial District, Senator Biodun Olujimi has warned the national leadership of the People’s Democratic Party(PDP) to as a matter of urgency put an end to impunity and high-handedness in the Ekiti chapter for the party to stand a chance of winning the 2022 governorship election in the state. She noted that the party will continue to wallow in crisis until the preponderance of injustices being perpetrated by the party’s national leadership is redressed. She said that it was wrong for anybody to think that she was in the current struggle with the former governor, Ayo Fayose for personal ambition, saying the only reason there is PDP in Ekiti is because of her being a senator keeping the flag of the party flying. Olujimi who spoke at the weekend at her Omuo-Ekiti country home during a meeting with PDP leaders in her district warned that the crisis that has split the state chapter into factions may consume and spell doom for the party if appropriate measures were not taken by the national leadership to salvage the situation. According to her, ” We are where we are today as a result of the dictatorial nature and selfish interest of one man who sees himself as the alpha and omega of the party. But the vast majority of party members across the 16 local government areas of Ekiti are ready to change the order and give everyone a sense of belonging in the management of the party. No one should be left out in the decision-making process. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020 : You’re a daydreamer, PDP tells Tinubu “And for us to be able to dislodge APC in the 2022 gubernatorial poll, the party must purge itself of impunity and ensure justice, equity and fairness is done. Where there is no justice, equity and fairness, the party can’t win an election. “Winning comes from the oneness of mind, and the ability to carry everyone along. But in a situation where one person is claiming ownership of the party and that other people don’t count, then we are bound to lose. We can only win as a team. Twice that Fayose won the election, we won as a team. “Our leaders at the national want to support the minority against the majority. But if they don’t listen to us, they will have themselves to blame. For us to win, there must be justice. Our national leadership knows what to do to resolve the crisis. Thank God 2022 is still two years from now.” Olujimi said that she has no personal issues with the former Governor Ayodele Fayose but only poised to liberate Ekiti PDP from the hand of oppressors. She noted the alleged illegality that was perpetrated during the party’s wards, council and state congresses have weakened Ekiti PDP. Olujimi vowed not to backtrack from her struggle with other leaders of the party to reposition and restore sanity to Ekiti despite the gang-up against them by a group of renegades in the party.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY