Over the next 18 months, Ashipa Electric plans to inject 5MW of power into underserved communities starting from Nigeria. This is as Ashipa Electric, US-based energy company, has just been announced as a member of Techstar’s Alabama based EnergyTech Accelerator class of 2020. The startup works to provide sustainable, clean and affordable energy to underserved businesses and communities in Africa, the Caribbeans and the United States. Ashipa Electric said it will be leveraging the wide network and business mentorship provided by Techstars to tackle some of the most pressing energy issues, not just in Africa, but globally. In his reaction to this announcement, the Founder and CEO, Olu Ajala reiterated the significant energy gap in Nigeria and in many vulnerable communities across the world. The Louisiana State University and Carnegie Mellon University-trained energy professional emphasized that growing up in Nigeria and the US helped shape his outlook towards energy deficit in some parts of the world. Ajala said he is fully committed to closing the gap in alignment with SDG 7, Sustainable Energy for all.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com