The Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), has elected new executives in Awka Anambra State, that will pilot the affairs of the body in the next four years. The election that took place yesterday, at Professor Kenneth Dike E-library Awka, attracted members of the association across the state as well as representatives from Abuja. Tribune Online gathered that after the election the only female among the candidates, Mrs Nkechi Ofoedu, emerged as the new chairman, Professor Pius Okoye as the Vice-Chairman, Mr Kenneth Ezechi, Secretary and Mr Chuks Okpara, as Assistant Secretary. Others are Mr Charles Aghadinuno, as Treasurer, Mr Francis Chibuogu, Financial Secretary, Publicity Secretary is Mr Celestine Mmuoneche, Sir Ralph Nwike as Ex- Officio one and Dr Uche Ezehiliora as ExOfficio Two. ALSO READ: Lagos-Ogun train services resume after five months of suspension In his remarks, the National President of the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria, Professor Muhammad Mainoma, represented by chairman Branches and Benevolence Committee, Alhaji Ibrahim Gidado, charged the new executive to carry the members along, be transparent, fair and just. Earlier in his welcome address the outgoing Chairman in the state, Sir Ralph Nwike, commended the executive for keeping the name of the Association afloat without any form of corruption and thanked the members for their support to him during his tenure. In her acceptance speech, the Chairman-elect, Mrs Ofoedu promised to build on the strength of the past executive, address its weaknesses and opportunities, watch out for threats that can hinder the progress of the branch and improve on them. While appreciating all that graced the occasion, Mrs Ofoedu, believed that with all hands on deck, she alongside her executive, will strive vigorously and move the state forward. In their separate remarks, the Ex-officio membership two, Dr Uche Ezehiliora and the Director of Finance, Anambra Broadcasting Service, Mrs Nneka Ogbuonwu, charged the new executive members to rise and rebuild ANAN in Anambra State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com