Governor Simon Lalong has condemned the killing of a traditional ruler, Da Bulus Chuwang Janka, Acting Gwom Rwey Foron who was murdered in his home at Rasat community of Foron in Barkin Ladi Local Government and assured that the perpetrators will be apprehended and dealt with accordingly. Governor Lalong who expressed anger over the killing of the traditional ruler said the murderers will not be allowed to go unpunished as security agencies in collaboration with local intelligence have launched a thorough investigation to arrest the perpetrators and their collaborators. Lalong said ” the Local Government Chairman and heads of security agencies have briefed me on the sad development and the level of the investigation so far. I have repeated my charge to them that the days of unknown gunmen is over in Plateau State as innocent people cannot be killed without anybody being apprehended and put to trial. We are using the concept of community policing to dig into this particular case and see to it that the criminals are arrested. If we do not do so, more criminals will be bold to attack and kill our citizens”. ALSO READ: Traffic gridlock: FCTA to mobilise contractors back to site The Governor also appealed to citizens across the State to intensify vigilance against criminals who are bent on rupturing the peace of the State at all costs, assuring that they will not be allowed to succeed. Lalong sympathised with the family of the Royal father, the people of Barkin Ladi as well as the entire state over the unfortunate incident. He asked people of the area to cooperate with the Local Government Authority as well as security agencies in not only cracking this case but also preventing further occurrences. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com