A young man, 20-year-old Idris Ajibola of Ofatedo quarters in Osogbo, Osun State, was killed last week by men of the Joint Task Force (JTF) in Osogbo, the state capital, having been mistaken for a fraudster. According to reports, Ajibola was riding in a Toyota Corolla car with four occupants along East bypass, Osogbo, when the incident occurred. Apparently in a bid to apprehend them, the operatives gave them a hot chase, which eventually led to the tragedy. There was panic in Osogbo as angry youths armed with sticks protested the killing, targeting security operatives and bystanders around Oke Fia, Alekuwodo, and Ilobu road. They vandalised a vehicle belonging to the JTF and beat up traffic wardens on duty. They then proceeded to dump the victim’s corpse in front of the Osun Government House, Oke Fia. Amid the outrage generated by the incident, the lawmaker representing the Ede/Egbedore/ Ejigbo federal constituency in the National Assembly, Mr Bamidele Salam, gave the Inspector General of Police a seven-day ultimatum to identify the culprits. He described the victim as the only hope of his family. Addressing journalists in Osogbo, Salam urged the state governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, to institute a judicial panel of inquiry into the matter. The governor himself equally condemned the killing. The state Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Mrs Funke Egbemode, said: “The tragic events that reportedly led to the death of one person was both sad and shocking and the governor has ordered a full investigation into the circumstances that led to it. While we appreciate the great job our law enforcement agencies are doing to keep Osun safe, the disruption to our peaceful state capital needs to be investigated. We hereby call on the police command in the state to launch a comprehensive investigation into this tragedy.  We implore our citizens to trust the government to get to the bottom of this sad occurrence.” Men of the security outfit have been subsequently grilled by the Department of State Service (DSS) in the state in a bid to identify the culprits. Sadly, there is no reason to suppose that the public outrage over the killing of Idris Ajibola will curb extrajudicial killings by overzealous and inept security officers in the country. Without proper orientation, these security officers prowl the streets looking for vulnerable young men to prey upon. And more often than not, they get them and literally feed off them unconscionably. Street wisdom therefore dictates that the victims should allow these human predators to extort money from them, otherwise they will be murdered quickly. It is really disconcerting that identifying the culprits in this case has become a herculean task. There seems to be a conspiracy of silence and a bid to establish a cover-up for the men concerned. Ordinarily, it should be easy to track down the killers. The JTF has a supervisory organ and its activities are ordered. We are not taking any excuses for a shoddy handling of the matter. The crack detectives in the employ of the Nigeria Police should be given an official mandate to investigate this matter thoroughly, if only to salvage the already sullied image of the police force on account of the unending cases of extrajudicial killings and harassment of the citizenry. We are persuaded that if the police wish to do a professional job of unmasking the culprits, it will be done in no time. A thorough investigation will help to do justice in this case and put paid to allegations of a cover-up. Any society that loses its compass for justice isn’t worth living in. The police owe the Nigerian people the obligation to track down the culprits in good time.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com