Three people including the Chief Medical Director (CMD) of the General Hospital, Idoani, in Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State, Dr Olufemi Adeogun, were on Monday evening abducted by gunmen suspected to be kidnappers. The CMD who was said to be travelling with his driver, a record officer with the hospital, Mrs Foluke Ajibola and one other person yet to be identified were abducted while returning to Owo, after the close of work on Monday. It was gathered that the hoodlums who were armed, stopped the victims’ vehicle at a bad spot of the road, ordering the four occupants of the vehicle out of the car. The driver of the vehicle who tried to be smart was shot in the hands, forcing him to stop the vehicle while the hoodlums dragged the three victims into the bush, leaving the injured driver behind. ALSO READ: PDP commends police over arrest of gunmen, demands prosecution A source stated that the driver was rushed to a hospital by some people and has been receiving treatment from the gunshot. Confirming the abduction, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, said the victims were kidnapped while returning from their place of work. Ikoro who said he could not confirm if the driver of the vehicle was shot stating that men of the state police command have been combing the forest to rescue the three victims. He said local hunters and members of the OPC in the area have joined security agents to ensure that the victims regain their freedom. He assured that the victims would be rescued alive while the hoodlums would be brought to book.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.