The students of Glisten International Academy, Abuja has invented an indigenous front line mobile robot christened Mairabot. The robot, according to the students while presenting it to the management of the National Information Technology Development Agency, said it is designed to perform essential medical duties such as acting as an interface between the doctor and patient as well as delivering of drugs to a patient. The Executive Director of the Academy, Mr Abba Abdullahi Saida who led the team to the Agency revealed that one of the motivations that led to the design of the robot is to reduce the rate at which medical personnel are contracting COVID-19 while discharging their duties. He said, “This robot is created to reduce the number of physical contact between the medical personnel and the affected patients and this will in return reduce drastically the number of medical personnel that will be affected in the process of carrying out the duties.” The Executive Director noted that innovative measures were put in place to checkmate the development process of the project to ensure it meets the International standard and also improves its performance level to cover other aspects of human life. In his remarks, the NITDA Director-General, Mallam Kashifu Abdullahi, commended the academy for coming up with such innovations. While reaffirming the NITDA’S readiness to assist innovative ideas that solve barrage of problems bedevilling the nation, he enjoined the students to see future in digital skills as it is the future work in the digital era. Mallam Abdullahi, however, directed the Office for ICT Innovation and Entrepreneurship to ensure that the project and the inventors enjoy necessary visibility in order to promote their idea for commercialization. Buhari, Trailblazer In Modular Refinery Delivery ― Lai Mohammed The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, on Wednesday, said while previous administrations talked about modular refineries, only President…Students invent robot  Students invent robot Palliative: FG Distributes Food Items To 80,405 Households In Sokoto The Federal Government has begun the distribution of 3,659.7 metric tonnes of grains to 80,405 households in Sokoto State…Students invent robot PHOTO NEWS: Protest Over Hike In Price Of Petrol, Electricity Tariff Ongoing In Yaba, Lagos A peaceful protest by members of the Joint Action Front against the hike in Petrol and Electricity by the federal government…Students invent robot NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com