The Founder and Senior Pastor of Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), Prophet T.B. Joshua recently marked the one year anniversary of the successful Nazareth Meeting with T.B. Joshua by releasing an event video. The crusade which was held between June 23 and 24 of last year gave audiovisual documentary of the followership the tele-evangelist attracted as he preached Christ in Israel. With Nazareth known for its renowned destination because of its religious significance to Christians, the meeting with T.B. Joshua attracted thousands of tourists for the two-day programme. This led to his being honoured with a Goodwill Tourism Ambassador by Israel. The Tourism Minister, Mr Yariv Levin, while honouring Joshua, had said “TB Joshua, on the occasion of your visit to Israel, I am honoured to recognise you as a true friend of Israel. Thank you for your support and solidarity, which are deeply appreciated. It is my pleasure to name you as a Tourism Goodwill Ambassador for Israel.” Toward the event, Prophet T.B. Joshua had mobilised thousands of religious tourists from more than 50 countries for the two-day meeting held at the historic Mount Precipice, located at the entrance of the ancient city of Nazareth.  The mountain was where, according to the Bible, an irate mob attempted to throw Jesus Christ down the cliff, a historical sight that wore a newly constructed amphitheatre on Mount Precipice. The Mount Precipice amphitheatre built and donated to the town by Prophet TB Joshua and his Emmanuel TV partners have a capacity of 40,000. The ancient town of Nazareth with majority of its population are Muslim, was agog with people from different parts of the world who did not only gather at the venue of the meeting but also toured Nazareth and other areas of interest in Israel. To control the traffic at the venue, more than 50 luxury and sprinter buses were put to use, conveying people to and fro the mountain. Police personnel and private security providers were also on hand to ensure there was no breakdown of order. Vehicles were parked kilometres away from Mount Precipice while every visitor assessed the mountain using the bus shuttle. Ironically, the event, before it held, was fiercely criticised by local religious figures and nearly faced cancellation due to the intensity of attacks. A protest was organised with hundreds trouncing through the city in Northern Israel with placards decrying the coming event and people shouting: “Let this witch get away from us!” Despite the protest, the organizers went on with the event, which eventually was not only successful but also generated tourism traffic for Isreal, with Joshua preaching a mes¬sage on love and minister¬ing, healing and deliver¬ance in Jesus name to the large crowds that gathered. The Mayor of Nazareth, Ali Sallam, has touted the economic benefit derived by Joshua’s visit in an interview with local Arabic media, stating the region of Nazareth would accrue up to $1,000,000 as a result of the influx of tourists. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politician, Others Offended By My Husband Should Forgive Him ― Adedibu’s Widow Wife of the late strongman of Oyo State politics Alhaji Lamidi Ariyibi Adedibu, Alhaja Modinat Abosede Adedibu has come out to appeal to those he offended while alive to forgive him, as there is no human being that does not make mistakes. She also added that since he is now late, those who offended him too…How T.B. Joshua became Kill Me Rather Than Destroy My Cannabis Farm ― Suspect Begs NDLEA In Kogi A suspected Cannabis Sativa farmer, Clement Akor, has begged the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to take his life instead of destroying his 10-hectare cannabis plantation. Akor, a 42 years old father of six children from Enabo village in Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State was arrested by the Kogi State command of…How T.B. Joshua became  How T.B. Joshua became CAMA Is Against Religious Institutions In Nigeria ―CUPP The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) on Wednesday said that the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) was being targeted at religious institutions in the country. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the spokesman of CUPP, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere said that it was also a plot by the Federal Government to have access to finance…How T.B. Joshua became  How T.B. Joshua became FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY