Across multiple African countries, hypertension is higher among the older population in West Africa and obesity is significantly associated with a two-fold increase in hypertension among both men and women, a study has said. In this study, the largest thus far in Africa, experts who studied the regional patterns and association between obesity and hypertension in 13 African countries and among 30, 044 individuals, said that there was a stronger association between obesity and hypertension in women compared with men. The 2020 multicentre study is in the journal, Hypertension. According to the study, although proportions with hypertension differ significantly by region, country, and age, obesity in both sexes was higher in southern Africa than any other African region. While hypertension prevalence ranges from 37 per cent to 75 per cent and men had significantly higher proportions of hypertension compared with women in Africa, they suggested that the regional differences in both obesity and hypertension may be attributable to disparities in socioeconomic, lifestyle, nutritional, and environmental risk factors at the regional level as well as genetic factors. They stated that the 2017 definition of hypertension that put blood pressure at equal to or greater than 130/80 mmHg has important implications for the treatment and management of hypertension in Africa as the estimated crude proportion of hypertension (64.0 per cent) in Africa poses a huge challenge. The researchers said the large sample size and the high proportion of hypertension and obesity makes the case for policy makers to design interventions to address these two important cardiovascular risk factors in Africa. The study noted: “It is anticipated that interventions addressing obesity will likely lead to more effective control of hypertension in Africa. “Strategies for managing obesity-related hypertension on the continents have been poor with most aimed mainly at treating hypertension and other metabolic consequences of obesity, such as dyslipidemia and diabetes mellitus. “Interventions specifically targeting obesity-related hypertension are needed on the continent and such intervention strategies should aim to treat the underlying causes of obesity. “Primary prevention targeting the development of effective, culturally sensitive strategies for the prevention and treatment of obesity will benefit patients in Africa. “In particular, promoting an obesity-preventative lifestyle and behavioural educational interventions emphasizing quality diet, increased physical activity, reduced alcohol consumption and other behaviour modifications have been suggested. “In addition to genetic determinants of obesity-related hypertension, other ways of addressing this condition in Africa include implementation of clinical trials to identify more appropriate drug therapies for reducing obesity-induced hypertension.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Petrol/Electricity Price Hike: Prepare For Unprecedented Mass Action From Next Monday, NLC, TUC Tell Nigerians With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price… FG Takes Over Revenue Management Of NNPC, Customs, FIRS, NCC, Others Pressured by dwindling revenues and heavy debt burden, the Federal Government on Tuesday moved to boost its resources by directly taking over control of revenue management of its 10 most lucrative enterprises… Borno Governor Donates House, N20m To Widow, Children Of Colonel Killed By Boko Haram Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning… Angry APC Governors Meet Oshiomhole SOME governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, met with the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, behind closed doors.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com