THE Jigawa State chapter of the People Democratic Party (PDP)has commiserated with the people of the State over the statewide flood disaster. This was contained in a press statement issued, signed and made available to the Tribune Online in Dutse, the state capital by the chairman caretakers committee of the party (PDP) in the state, Rt. Hon. Umar Isa Mingadi commiserates with the people of the State over the statewide flood disaster.” The party sympathy with the victims called on the government to come to their aids without further delay. According to the statement “On behalf of People Democratic Party (PDP) family Jigawa state under the able guidance and mentoring of our leader; (Dr.) Sule Lamido, the State caretaker committee under the chairmanship of Rt. Hon. Umar Isa Mungadi The statement stated further that “people of the state are under severe hardship and pain caused by the devastating impact of floods in most parts of the state.” “The PDP family commensurate with the people of the state under this precarious condition of flood disaster across the state. As the rainy season is still on: cities, towns, villages, and farmlands are still under threat of being flooded”, Mingadi emphasis. PDP maintained that, “Therefore, we are calling on government at all levels and well-meaning indigenes of the state and the country at large to support our people in curving the ever-increasing threat of flood and in alleviating the sufferings of those already affected by the flood disaster.” The party added that “the family pray for the quick recovery of Jigawa state people from shock and loss of properties they suffered due to the flood.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt…PDP commiserates with flood victims  PDP commiserates with flood victims Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…PDP commiserates with flood victims  PDP commiserates with flood victims Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja…PDP commiserates with flood victims NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com