THE registrar and chief executive officer of the Teachers’ Registration Council of Nigeria, Professor Josiah Ajiboye, has insisted that charlatans will no longer have any place in the classrooms in Nigeria, as measures are being put in place to remove unqualified teachers from the system. He said it is now mandatory for lecturers in colleges of education to produce their TRCN certificate and licence as part of criteria for promotion. Ajiboye spoke in Abuja when he received the executive members of Education Correspondents Association of Nigeria (ECAN) on courtesy visit to his office, where he also hinted on plans to ensure that teachers in the country attend mandatory continuous professional development programme to qualify for promotion in line with the career progression policy document already in place. He maintained that the Teachers’ Professional Qualifying Examination was introduced as a gate-keeping measure in ensuring that only qualified teachers are allowed to teach at all levels of education in the country. According to him, the best way to improve on the quality of education in the country is to first improve on the quality of teaching that will naturally translate into improvement of quality of education delivery to the citizenry. He said: “There is no profession that does not have a gate-keeping measure. In Africa, Nigeria is a trailblazer. Apart from Nigeria, the only other country that joined us in conducting Professional Qualifying Examination for their teachers is Ghana. Ghana recently had their third examination. “When I came to TRCN, what I met was that people just brought their certificates and got registered, but I said no, that was not correct. If you want to be a chartered accountant, you have to pass ICAN or ANAN. If you want to be a professional lawyer, you have to go to the Law School. You can graduate with LLB, and if you don’t want to practise, you can stop at that; but if you want to practise as a lawyer, you have to pass the bar exam.” Ajiboye insisted that teaching which is the ‘mother of all professions’ must be properly regulated to checkmate the activities of unqualified persons that have taken over the profession in the country. He said, “Other teaching councils around the globe now respect certificate issued by TRCN more, because they know that the certificate does not come cheaply. And that is the way to go. As we move ahead, we will introduce other things.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com