Eight persons were on Saturday night burnt to death in a lone accident involving a Mazda bus on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway. Mr Ahmed Umar, the Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta on Sunday. Umar explained that the accident, which occurred at about 8:45 p.m. near Saapade bridge, was caused by a tyre burst. This, he said, resulted in the bus somersaulting and bursting into flames. The sector commander added that 11 people were involved in the accident made up of three male adults,  one female adult,  one child and six unidentified persons. “The suspected cause of the lone accident involving the Mazda bus marked AAA 249 VX  was a tyre burst which led to the loss of control before the crash and bursting into flames immediately,” he said. He said that FRSC operatives contacted the Sagamu Fire Service immediately for a joint rescue operation. Umar said that three injured victims were taken to Idera Hospital, Sagamu, for medical attention while the Health Department of Remo North Local Government Area was contacted on the burnt victims. He advised motorists to drive cautiously, obey traffic rules and regulations and ensure that their tyres were in good condition. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Lagos-Ibadan expressway accident Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com