Kenyan afro-pop group and MTV Music Africa award winners, Sauti Sol have joined the league of entertainers with their reality show on Showmax. The documentary reality show titled Sol Family was created by Eugene Mbugua and offers fans a glimpse into the personal lives of  Sauti Sol members Bien, Chimano, Polycarp and Savara, as well as  Sol Generation’s Nviiri and Bensoul. In an interactive session, the group shared that they’re looking to “inspire a generation of epic thinkers” as Savara puts it, by showing them their lives beyond the music and the stardom; their passion in their craft; and their vulnerability and realness. “It’s not like we’ve set up a scenario and we’re like, ‘Okay act this out.’ It’s just realness. We’re talking about our actual lives. We’ve been in the industry for 15 years, and we have so much to talk about, so much to share with the people,” Polycarp shared. The group also talked about putting together footage amidst the COVID pandemic, and how the show is much more beyond the glam associated with the life of music artistes. “When corona happened and we started making all this content, we  didn’t know what we were preparing ourselves for,” says Bien. “All  the content we’ve created over the last four months has now started  to be put out, and it’s clearly working because people are really  connecting with this reality show beyond a glam level.” Bien also added that the show is not what people expected. “They  expected to see cars, partying, those things they associate  celebrities with, and now they’re realising, Polycarp is a husband,  Delvo (Savara) is a boyfriend and Sauti Sol is growing up before  our eyes… the humanity aspect, which people are connecting with in  this program, is what’s actually the fuel for doing more.” Speaking on being a first-time dad (and the first Sauti Sol member to be a father), Polycarp shared that having a baby is a cocktail of anxiety, excitement and fear sometimes. “You just have to stay positive because there’s mental health and postpartum depression that comes with it. These are some of the things I’d like to talk about to help other dads and dads-to-be.” NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com