Chief Wale Oladoja is a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo State. In this interview by SEYI SOKOYA, he speaks on the performance of Governor Seyi Makinde and politics in the state. Excerpts:  How will you describe Oyo State politics at the moment? The recent and unfortunate death of the immediate past governor of the state, Sneator Abiola Ajimobi, has given the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) upper hand above the opposition party, the All Progressives Congress (APC). Therefore, the PDP is solidly on ground in the state going by the performance and leadership qualities of our amiable governor, Oluseyi Makinde.  You said PDP is on ground in the state but the coalition that brought the governor to power is no more intact as a result of the claim that Governor Makinde did not fulfill the agreement with the coalition. What is your take on this? No governor of this great state can satisfy all of the politicians we have in this state. We have some insatiable and greedy politicians in this state. What excatly is the fulfillment of coalition agreement? Is there any of the parties that has not been represented in this government? All of the coalition blocs are well represented in the government. Even APC members, who were not part of the coalition, are incorporated in the government. Of course, the governor knows the right person to be appointed to a particular office. The office of the Secretary to the State Government is a typical example and secretary ship is a very sensitive office and no governor can toy with it. The late Chief Bola Ige appointed Chief Koleoso by himself as the secretary because he was his loyalist. The late Alhaji Lam Adesina also appointed his secretary by himself. High Chief Adewolu Ladoja also appointed Sharafadeen Alli as his secretary because he is his political son.  Are you saying the coalition members were aggrieved because of the office of the SSG was not given to them? I think that is one of the factors affecting the coalition and I believe they are unfair to Governor Makinde. Nowhere in the world will a party be in power and the leadership of such party will appoint a member of an opposition as secretary.  Is it true that Chief Ladoja, who is one of the factors that brought this government to power, is not happy with the governor? It is not true. They are like father and son in politics. However, Chief Ladoja has retired as a full time politician. So, he is a father to all of us in politics. Makinde still refers to him as a father. He has said it several times that he has left active politics for the younger generation, which I agree with him considering his age and other factors. Baba Ladoja knows that some of our people, especially the politicians cannot be satisfied. They don’t believe in developmental politics the type we are having today. So, the relationship between Baba Ladoja and Makinde is very cordial.  Why are you so passionate about the current government? Since Governor Makinde assumed power a round peg has been put in a round hole. He has fixed so many abandoned projects in the state. He is a good administrator and a worthy grassroots mobiliser. He is a man of the people. He has started developing the blueprint of the state abandoned by the previous administration. He does not believe that state fund must be shared and we love that. See how he handled the COVID-19 issues, even better than the Federal Government. Challenges of payment of salaries have been solved. Pensioners are paid at the right time which was not like that in precious administration. He has repositioned the education sector. Our hospitals have been overhauled. These and so many more are the positive changes we are witnessing in the state. We want peace and progress for our dear state and that is what Makinde represents. Why won’t I be passionate about him? If he is not doing well, I will say it.  But many people especially in the opposition political parties have frowned on the proposed N100billion bond by the state government. What is your reaction to this? There are people who are wasting their talents on unreasonable issues. And by the way, who are the opposition parties? Let them grumble. During the late former Governor Ajimobi’s tenure, he borrowed through bonds. Buhari went for bond and he is still asking for more. There is nothing bad about borrowing, but it must be committed to specific projects. The governor had enumerated how he intended to spend the bond. Why complaining? It is for the development of the state. Makinde cannot use his personal money to carry out projects in the state. He has administrative knowledge. It is a pity that Senator Ajimobi is no more, but his absence is a plus for us in PDP.  APC seems to be preparing for 2023, with the likes of Senator Teslim Folarin, don’t you think the effect of coalition will affect your party? Let’s wait and see what will happen but let me tell you, Sharafadeen Alli, Folarin, Tegbe and Lanlehin are all my brothers, but I will advice them to wait till after 2023 for their governorship ambitions. I don’t want them to get loans and fail. As we speak now, there is no vacancy in Agodi in 2023. It is very difficult to get money now and it won’t be appropriate to waste money now. As a family head, I am a grassroots person and I can tell you that the only person in town now is Seyi Makinde. They were in government before and we know how they misruled us.  Don’t you think disengagement of the Commissioner for Works by Governor Makinde is a minus for his government? That shows that our governor is a man of discipline. He won’t tolerate laziness and cowardice. He has done it twice since assumption of office. His personal assistant was asked to go. His commissioner was dealt with. That is to tell other members of his cabinet sit up. And what minus would the man who isn’t based in Nigeria with his family have on his government? Governor Makinde won’t leave any stone unturned.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country… Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28… Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs was a serious financial burden on Nigerians… BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com