THE Ogun State Government will be distributing about four tonnes of rice across the country by December. This was disclosed by the State Commissioner for Agriculture, Dr. Adeola Odedina, on Thursday, during a tour of 600 hectares of rice farm in Igbo-Aje village in Yewa North Local Government Area of the state. Odedina said the feat would be achieved through the massive rice production project geared towards widening the internal market, as a result of land border closure against the commodity importation. He noted that the project was initiated to support farmers’, unemployed youths and other people interested in rice value chain. The commissioner explained further that the rice production was a way of maintaining the status quo of the state being the largest producer of rice in West Africa and Nigeria. Odedina hinted that the state was also involving in paddy aggregation for neighboring state like Lagos to enjoy rice without running to the North. “We have a renewed interest in rice business in Ogun state and we need to be patient for the farmers to harvest and process. We cannot finish this, we need to sell to our neigboring states. We are taking advantage of the vast land we have in Ogun state to grow rice . “We are also involving in paddy aggregation so that if neighboring state like Lagos needs rice, there will be no need to go to the North but rather come to Ogun,” he added. The Commissioner who stressed that off takers were already working to take the rice that were produced during the last season, boasted that this year’s Christmas festival would record massive consumption of rice produced in Ogun state. The rice project is currently ongoing across nine local government areas of the State, including Obafemi-Owode, Yewa North and  South, Ijebu North & East, Ifo amongst others.  NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com