Operators of cinema houses in Delta State can now resume activities as the state government further relaxes restrictions on social gatherings as a result of COVID-19. Announcing this at a press conference in Asaba on Thursday, the state Commissioner for information, Mr Charles Aniagwu however, explained that such cinemas can only operate on 50 per cent capacity. The commissioner who disclosed that the facilities would be monitored to ensure total compliance with COVID-19 protocols said the halls used for the operations should be fumigated regularly. ALSO READ: Two Ondo lawmakers shut out from sitting Similarly, owners of hotels and eateries have been allowed to open for business but warned against encouraging buffet as it feared could spike the spread of the virus. Clubhouses, he said would remain closed. The commissioner disclosed that the confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state as at Thursday stood at 1,780 with 1600 discharged, 48 deaths and 180 active cases. He said fewer people were in isolation centres across the situation because most of them with mild symptoms were allowed to stay at home from where they are monitored.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi
In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils
Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee.
Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert
Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide.
Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com