THE Minister of state in the Federal Ministry of environment Mrs. Sharon Ikeazor has commended the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) for its efforts in ensuring that the activities of modern Biotechnology and its products are properly regulated. The Minister of state who said this when she paid a working visit to the NBMA, noted that since inception of the Agency, it has achieved a lot by putting in place appropriate measures to protect human health and the environment from the potential harmful impact of modern Biotechnology products. The minister said the NBMA is very significant in the efforts of the federal government to ensure sustainable development in the country. “The world we live now demands an Agency like NBMA as transboundary movement of organisms need to be checked in order to nip in the bud any threat of bioterrorism. I think the Agency is doing a great job for all of us. I am quite impressed by what I see today, your trained staff and the state-of-the-art detection and analysis laboratory are pointers that Nigeria is going in the right direction in terms of regulation of modern Biotechnology’’. The Minister promised to assist the NBMA in meeting its areas of challenges so that staff of the Agency can discharge their duties more efficiently. The Director General/CEO Dr. Rufus Ebegbe, in a remark appreciated the presence of the Honourable minister and restated commitment to ensure the realization of the mission and vision of the Agency. Dr Ebegba while giving a presentation on the status of NBMA, talked about the mandate of the Agency, regulatory instruments, concerns, international partnerships, giant strides, regulatory processes, approvals granted, challenges, Biosecurity, among others. The DG/CEO said the amended act of the Agency included ensuring Biosecurity that is, making sure that Nigerians are protected from harmful Biological Agents which the current COVID19 pandemic is one. “The issue of biosecurity is imperative to our nation as there is need to protect Nigerians and the environment from harmful Biological agents, we need to be ready hence the Agency has begun drafting of the National Biosecurity policy which will be presented to the ministry as soon as it is validated by stakeholders”. “We live in a precarious world today and the need to adequately regulate modern Biotechnology is a step to achieving sustainable growth and development”. The DG/CEO led the Minister on a tour of the Agency’s Genetic Modification (GM) detection and analysis Laboratory where the Minister commended the modern state of the art equipment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.