Governor Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has ordered the immediate evacuation of all the displaced persons by flood in Nasarawa town of Nasarawa local government area of the state. Ibrahim Addra, Chief Press Secretary to the Governor who disclosed this in a press statement issued on Sunday, said Governor Sule also ordered that food items, mattresses and other relief items be provided without delay. He said the Governor gave the directive after visiting the ancient town to assess the level of damages and to sympathize with the people of the area. ALSO READ: Saturday heavy rain wreaks havoc in Ilorin The statement further disclosed that governor Sule thanked the Emir of Nasarawa Alhaji Ibrahim Jibrin and the Chairman of the local council for their prompt actions in assessing the situation. Governor Sule urged the people to desist from building on waterways and stop indiscriminate dumping of refuse in drainages. He expressed his administration commitment to take a second look at the channelisation project while hoping to seek the collaboration of the Federal Government in tackling the age-long ecological problems in the area. Our correspondent reports that this is the second flood in Nasarawa town in less than two weeks. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt… Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com