The Academic Staff Union of Universities, (ASUU), Akure zone has condemned the recent upward review in the pump price and electricity tariff by the Federal government, saying its adding to plight of the common man. The Union stated this after its zonal meeting also frowned over the plans of the government to re-open universities across the country,  describing it as an invitation to another wave of COVID -19 pandemic. Speaking during a press conference, the zonal coordinator of the Akure zone, Prof Olu Olufayo, expressed disappointment over the silence posture of the Nigeria Labour Congress, (NLC) over the anti-masses policies of the federal government. Olufayo said the various increases in tariff will bring untold hardship on Nigerians who are still trying with the challenges the COVID-19 pandemic has brought on them. ALSO READ:‘Letter of indigene, clearance issued by Local government will no longer be acknowledged’ “The recent upward review in the pump price of petrol and electricity tarred has added another blow to the suffering of the masses of this nation. “This definitely would affect all other sectors of the economy, be it transport,  food items and school fees and other services, even when governments are not living to its expectations of regular payment of salaries of workers” Olufayo who faulted the calls for the reopening of tertiary institutions in the country amidst COVID-19 pandemic, said despite the plan to reopen schools,  ASUU is not thinking of backing out of its struggle until government attend to their demands. The union said apart from the government failure to attend to their demands,  it noted that no higher institution of learning in the country can comply with the covid-19 protocols, due to the high number of students in these schools. ASUU maintained that without addressing most of the established guidelines, reopening of schools now may trigger more consequences which might be difficult for the nation to manage. The Zonal Coordinator explained that ASUU did not embarked on industrial action as a result of the Integrated Payroll and Personal Information (IPPIS) but because of “the sorry state of our universities which the government miraculously wants to turn first class overnight ASUU tasked the federal  government to tackle the rots in the country institutions, attend to the security challenges in the country and also to weigh the better alternative to the federal government IPPIS rather than resorting to cheap blackmail. “The office of the Accountant General of the Federation has resorted to cheap blackmail again ASUU and the union decided  not to respond any longer to the balderdash of the ignoramus team of experts and concentrated on the development of a better alternative called University Transparency Accountability Solution (UTAS)  which was unveiled some weeks ago to the Minister of Education” The union in the zone also called for the removal and replacement of Mr. Wale Babalakin as the leader of the team negotiating with ASUU since he has been asked to step aside and the Pro- Chancellor of the University of Lagos. Olufayo said “the Babalakin led committee appeared to have reached its dead -end given his infamous and albeit inglorious refuse as the Pro -Chancellor of the University of Lagos through which he became the Chairman, committee of Pro -chancellors which qualified him to be a leader of the government team. “ASUU wonders whetherthe fate of the generality of Nigerian University Students and workers would have to hang on the far of Babalakin whose appointment was rejected by ASUU in the first instance,  going by his antecedents. “It may interest Nigerians to know that Babalakin has held on to this negotiation exercise for three and half years now,  wasting the nation’s resources without anything to show for it.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY