Three gunmen attacked Royal Garden Relaxation Spot in Egume, Dekina Local Government of Kogi on Friday, killing one person and injuring many others, the police said on Saturday. According to the state police command, the armed men shot sporadically into the premises of the relaxation spot at about 7:45 pm on Friday. A statement by the command spokesman, DSP William Aya said that the attackers later fled the scene. The statement did not disclose whether the armed men robbed their victims, but said the Divisional Police Officer in Dekina mobilized operatives to the scene immediately after learning about the incident. “He met one yet to be identified body lying in a pool of his blood and moved him to a nearby hospital where he was confirmed dead. “The body was deposited at the hospital for autopsy,” the statement said. According to the statement, the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Ayuba Ekpeji has deployed a team of operatives to hunt for the hoodlums. He assured that the police will arrest the attackers and prosecute them. The commissioner advised members of the public to be observant and report suspicious movements or objects around them, as well as activities of criminal elements within their neighbourhoods, to security agencies. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…Gunmen invade relaxation spot What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…Gunmen invade relaxation spot  Gunmen invade relaxation spot High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…Gunmen invade relaxation spot  Gunmen invade relaxation spot SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com