The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has commenced mobilisation of its members and high-level consultation with relevant pro-people organisations and bodies for a major shown with the Federal Government over the fuel price hike, electricity tariff and other increases on essential services. The student body said it embark on a mass protest to force the government to rescind her decision on the many increments introduced recently on essential services which are already causing pains and untold hardship on the people. NANS Vice-President Comrade Ojo Raymond, in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja, said the Association received with shock the news of another increment in the pump price of premium motor spirit from N145 to N161. He said the newly announced pump price is ridiculous, harsh, provocative and anti-people. He said the Nigerian students unequivocally reject the increment as it would no doubt worsen the economic life, business growth and social balance of individuals and families. ALSO READ: Delta, NEWMAP sign N3.9bn contract for gully erosion control projects Raymond said: “Unfortunately, in the last one week, Nigerians had noticed the emerging provocative socio-economic policies of the PMB led administration which increased cost of virtually all essential services. “Nigerians are particularly not happy over increment in electricity tariff, cable subscription and the latest pump price. “Again, interest on savings in banks has been satanically reduced to 1.25 per cent from 3.75 per cent while inflation is rising above bearable level due to the free fall of the Naira, our local currency against the dollar. “Unemployment has become a bane in our nation as there are no longer opportunities for productive youths to get engaged in order to revitalise the economy. “Considering the effect of the lockdown brought about by the global coronavirus pandemic, it is unthinkable that the Nigerian government instead of stimulating the economy and supporting citizens with policies and programmes that ameliorates their dwindling means of livelihood will now aggravate peoples hardship through harsh economic policies. This is totally unacceptable. “Granted that the PMB led administration is focused on removing subsidy on petroleum, the right time to effect such is outrightly not now when families are yet to recover from months of inactivity and businesses badly affected. “Nigerians are suffering already and do not deserve any further hardship from a government they so believe will alleviate their suffering. “As an organization, we have sound economists who can help shift government attention to areas where the economy of our nation can be sustainable. “We wish to remind the APC government that they met the pump price of petrol at N87 and advise that the government should reverse to N100 per litre to enable citizens to cope with daily obligations. Prices of food items should, in particular, be regulated to avoid high criminality due to hunger. “The National Association of Nigerian Students has commenced high-level consultation with relevant pro-people organisations and bodies with a view to forcing the government to rescind her decision on the many increments introduced recently on essential services. “Our constituency is hereby put on a red alert for a clarion call to end all forms of anti-people policies,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY