Airtel Nigeria has announced a strategic partnership with Google to unveil Mobile Data Platform (MDP), a new feature that enhances and digitalises the journey of customers’ data purchase, utilisation and management in Nigeria. According to both organisations, the newly-introduced Mobile Data Platform, which is only available to Android Operating System (OS) users, offers a personalised experience and provides interface for data customers on the Airtel network to purchase data plans, check data balance and receive threshold notifications seamlessly without a need for memorising codes or short words. To access the service, Airtel customers with Android OS are required to go to settings on their Android device, then Google option where they will find the Mobile Data Plan to purchase as well as manage data plan and offers. Commenting on the launch of the Mobile Data Platform, the Chief Commercial Officer, Airtel Nigeria, Mr Dinesh Balsingh, said Airtel is delighted to be the first telecoms operator in Nigeria and Africa to partner with Google to deliver an innovative service that is offering true freedom and also putting real power in the hands of telecoms consumers as they define their data journey and experience. “At Airtel, we are deeply passionate about making life simpler, smarter, easier and better for our customers. Indeed, the launch of the Mobile Data Platform is a huge step forward in empowering telecoms consumers to become more productive and successful in their professional and personal endeavours,” he said. Also commenting on the Mobile Data Platform, Google’s Director, Android Platform Partnerships, Africa, Mariam Abdullahi, said: “Nigerians value having a clear view of their data plan. That is why we’re excited to see Mobile Data Plan interface roll out and give Airtel’s customers a simple way to view, manage and make relevant choices for plan purchases that best fit their needs.” The Mobile Data Platform on the Airtel Network is available to both prepaid and postpaid customers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com