The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), remitted N362.34 billion into the Federal Government’s Consolidated Revenue Fund (CRF), from 2015 to date, Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman of NCC, has said. Danbatta, who spoke at an interactive session in Abuja last weekend, said that the revenue was realised through spectrum fees and operating surplus, which he noted helped to boost the revenue generation drive of the present administration. Danbatta also said that the NCC had continued to collaborate with academics to support the development of the innovative services and life-changing solutions with the use of Information and Communications Technologies (ICT) to promote indigenous contents. “The commission has so far released N336.4 million as research grants to the academia and has endowed professional chairs in two Nigerian universities. “More importantly, we have empowered the Nigerian youths by promoting their ingenuity and innovation in the development of locally-relevant technology solutions. “The latest of such was the 2020 NCC Virtual Hackathon, where we gave N9 million in grant to three top promising tech startups for solutions aimed at addressing the impact of COVID-19 and diseases in thematic areas of health, community, productivity, economy and transportation,” Danbatta said. He said that the broadband penetration in 2015, when he first assumed office as Executive Vice Chairman, was six per cent but has spiked to 42 per cent as of July 2020. “This achievement is as a result of key policy initiatives to improve broadband penetration embarked upon by the commission. “These include increasing the number of licenced infrastructure companies (InfraCo) to six companies across the six geo-political zones,” among others. Danbatta said that the commission was currently finalising six InfraCo counterpart funding agreements to ensure the full rollout of broadband infrastructure on an Open Access Model. He said that this would ensure there was Point of Access in all the 774 local government areas in the country. The executive vice chairman said that the drive to boost broadband penetration yielded fruits as the subscribers’ base stood at 199.31 million as of June. Danbatta also said that teledensity rose to 104.41 while the sector contributed 14.2 per cent to the GDP in the second quarter of 2020. On his focus for the next five years, Danbatta said that he hoped to deepen the broadband penetration drive. “We hope to take broadband penetration to 70 per cent to at least 90 per cent of the population by 2025 in line with the new target in the National Broadband Plan (NBBP), 2020-2025.” “We want to continue to protect consumers and ensure they have value for their money. We want to continue to support and fast-track the digital economy drive of the Federal Government and this has led to the creation of a Digital Economy Department in the Commission,” Danbatta added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.