Delta State government has sanctioned 41 teachers for examination malpractice during the 2019 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). They are to suffer deferment of promotion by one year and banned from the supervision of any school examination for a period of three years. These decisions were based on the recommendations of the Examination Ethics Disciplinary Committee of the state and approved on Friday (18/09/2020) by the state Commissioner for Basic and Secondary Education, Mr Patrick Ukah. He has directed the Post Primary Education Board (PPEB) to implement the deferment of promotions by one year of the 41 affected teachers. While others are being sanctioned, Mr P. O. Okolo is to be given a letter of commendation for a job well done during the examination. ALSO READ: Court retrains NULGE from holding Oyo Chapter elections on Tuesday The Principals and Examination Officers of 13 public secondary schools and one private secondary school indicted for examination malpractice are to be issued with letters of warning by PPEB to desist from acts of negligence. Mr Ukah also approved that Anointed Secondary School, Ubogo, Udu Local Government Area, which was closed down last year for examination malpractice be issued a warning letter and allowed to reopen to give the school a second chance to abide by laid down examination ethics. Furthermore, Mary Mount College, Boji-Boji Owa, was found guilty of examination malpractice and fined N100,000:00 as a penalty to act as a deterrent to other schools. The Examination Ethics Disciplinary Committee, headed by the Permanent Secretary in the ministry, Comrade Sam Dietake, has representatives of PPEB, Ministry of Justice, Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT), All Nigeria Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPPS), Association of Private School Owners of Nigeria (APSON), National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS) and other officials of the ministry. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt… Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com