Moringa leaf is used to tackle malnutrition, boost the immune system and enhance breast milk production in resource-limited settings. Now, experts have warned that it is not safe at conception and during pregnancy because it can be inimical to fetal development. In a new study, researchers investigated the effect of the intake of low amounts of moringa leaves before conception attempts as well as its effect during conception under laboratory conditions and found it can cause contraction of the womb with varying intensities. According to the animal study, both the cold and hot moringa leave extracts significantly produced contraction of the womb with varying intensities. It also indicated that it had anti-infertility properties. For the study, the researchers assessed both the cold and hot moringa leave extracts on samples of womb obtained from non-pregnant female animals as well as female Wistar rats in the laboratory. The contractile force of the muscles strips from the womb of the non-pregnant female animals was measured. Also, pregnancy length, delayed labour, mortality and birth complications in the Wistar rats were monitored. Cold moringa leaf extract administered before and after mating, respectively produced 100 per cent and 80 per cent inhibition of conception, while 96.6 per cent and 58 per cent effect was comparatively produced by its hot extracts. The 2019 study entitled, “Aqueous extract of Moringa oleifera leaf used in Nigerian ethnomedicine alters conception and some pregnancy outcomes in Wistar rat,” was published in the South African Journal of Botany. It involved A.F. Attah; J.O. Moody; M.A. Sonibare; H.H. Salahdeen; O.O. Akindele; P.O. Nnamani; O.A. Diyaolu and Y. Raji. In this study, none of the extracts prevented the animals from mating and this suggests that the animals’ cycles contained at least one estrus during the two weeks of mating although this does not supply any information about the regularity of the cycle. Studies in the recent past have shown that about 50 per cent of human conception get aborted or do not result in successful delivery. Standard methods that have been frequently used to detect early gestational evidence have demonstrated that between 32 per cent and 42per cent of pregnancies do not progress to parturition as a result of a miscarriage. Many factors may be tied to this including the consumption of unknown plants that can cause abortion. The leaf of the plant has additionally been reported to be used in the Central African Republic to induce uterine contraction and facilitate childbirth. Also, in northern Nigeria, its fresh leaves are a component of a local meal made up of powdered groundnut cake, chilli, sweeteners, and local roasted beef called “Suya”. Likewise, Nigerian women, especially those from northern geopolitical extraction is known for its intake to increase breast milk. Moreover, there limited scientific documentation of lactating women not getting pregnant during the period of its accelerated intake despite unprotected sexual activity, and raising the question about its potential usefulness as nutritional cum child-spacing supplement. The high nutritional content of Moringa leaves has also attracted much interest due to the levels of vitamin A, vitamin C, calcium, iron, potassium and adequately high protein quality which contends with that of milk and eggs. The researchers, however, declared that the cold extract seemed to have a more adverse effect on the maintenance of pregnancy possibly because of the presence of unfriendly metabolites which have not been inactivated partially or completely by heat. The pups born to the hot extract group had severely altered morphometry which suggests that the growth and development of these pups have been compromised during the gestation period. They suggested that the interference with the physiology and the function of the reproductive system may have been triggered by an alteration in the synthesis of hormones, storage, liberation, transport or excretion. Several indigenous plant extracts have been described to possess chemical substances that can alter the smooth release of reproductive hormones culminating in the inhibition of conception or the contraction of the womb.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com