In a demonstration to tackle the menace of ghost workers that has continue to drain the coffers of government, Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed will hold a public parley with all the stakeholders involved in the payment of workers salaries in the state. The disclosure was made by the Chief of Staff, Government House, Bauchi, Dr Ladan Salihu while briefing Government House Correspondents declaring that the administration is worried about the situation. Ladan Salihu also said that the public parley is to afford the governor the opportunity to interact physically with the stakeholders including MDAs, labour unions and members of public with any key information that will assist government to bring to an end, fraudulent activities in the state civil service. He further said that the public parley became necessary in view of the ongoing insinuations that the government of Governor Bala Mohammed has failed to pay workers their salaries. The Chief of Staff pointed out that, since the inception of the administration to date, Governor Bala Mohammed has placed a high premium on the payment of salaries. He said that, “We called this press briefing to talk about the issues making round in town and in some corners of the state including the Media with regards to the payment of salaries” The CoS added that, “In the last few days, we have noticed an worrisome attitude going on in town with a lot of insinuations, fabrications and lies with respect to the payment of salaries. Let me once again put it on record that, Governor Bala Mohammed has been paying salaries as at when due.” “To show the public his concern on this issue, His Excellency has decided that sometime next week, beginning with Monday, would hold a public parley where everybody that is involved in the payment of salaries from the Office of the Accountant General, Commissioner of Finance, Head of Service, NLC, TUC and everybody will be allowed to come forward with any key information that will assist government to find solutions”, he further added. Ladan Salihu explained that, “With the committee headed by Senator Adamu Gumba, we have deleted names of those who failed to appear before the committee and those who were found guilty are now using a section of the social media and other platforms to tarnish the image of government alleging that they were not being paid.” Ladan Salihu further said that the state government will not rest on its part in taken very serious steps to not only apprehend the fraudulent people but to prosecute them. The Chief of Staff however insisted that the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed was on right track and it has done well in the area of execution of developmental projects. It will be recalled that the committee set up to verify the state workforce had discovered that the state was losing the sum of over N250m monthly to activities of ghost workers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun
FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Ghost workers Ghost workers E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper.
E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…Ghost workers Ghost workers 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna
Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Ghost workers  Ghost workers FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY