The Oyo State chapter of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) has reaffirmed support and loyalty to its governorship candidate in the 2019 elections, Senator Olufemi Lanlehin, promising to stand by him in “whatever political decisions he makes.” The party stated this in a communiqué at the end of its meeting held in Ibadan, at the weekend, against the background of the breakdown of the coalition over non-fulfilment of the agreement reached before the election. Senator Lanlehin and Chief Sharafadeen Alli of Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) are two major governorship candidates that dropped their aspiration to support the candidature of Makinde in the election. ADC leadership, in the communiqué jointly signed by Reverend Ezekiel Adeniran and Pastor David Orolade, acting state chairman and assistant publicity secretary respectively, said they took the decision because they know Lanlehin to be “a self patriot” who always has their best interest at heart. Against the background of speculations that Lanlehin was being wooed to join the All Progressives Congress (APC), the ADC urged its members across the 33 local government areas of the state and the 351 wards to remain loyal to it, despite the uncertainties in the state’s political climate. “We urge all our members in the 33 local government areas and the 351 wards of Oyo State, to remain faithful, committed and loyal to the ideals of welfare, friendship and unity, which our party has become reputed for, while they remain undaunted in their belief in its capacity to organise strategically, forge partnerships where necessary, and position itself to win elections. “Our party and its members will continue to be vanguards of democracy and advocates of good governance, and will never for once, be disappointed, particularly at the level of ungratefulness being displayed by those helped to power, who instead of reciprocating kind gestures, have elected to turncoat, rather, we would continue to contribute our quota to the peace, progress and prosperity of the state and country,” the party said. The meeting also passed a vote of confidence on the leadership of the party under Reverend Adeniran, assuring its members that good times shall return to the party shortly. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…We’ll stand by Lanlehin E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…We’ll stand by Lanlehin We’ll stand by Lanlehin 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…We’ll stand by Lanlehin  We’ll stand by Lanlehin FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY