You would think that amid a pandemic, when employment figures are as scary as those from a bad scientific calculator, hunger has risen and security both social and otherwise has collapsed, common sense would return, especially in my motherland Nigeria; sadly no, because everything is still complex. People have lost their jobs, sources of livelihood gone, pains, and pangs of hunger bite, and crime sours to the roof, and we want to solve complex problems. Let’s ask for starters, what’s the complex issue or rocket science in NEPA, DISCo or GENCo doing something as simple as sending cluster SMS to customers or consumers about daily electricity supply. Just let your consumers know when they would have light, for how long, and leave it at that. The consumer can plan, knows what to expect and how to go about their business… How about for starters, policemen and women (SARS inclusive) learn to greet Nigerians… ‘Good morning sir, your papers look set to expire next week, do remember to get them renewed.’ I go shoot you, give me your phone, anything for the boys, and the abnormal questions would look like a once upon a time. Do you know less than five per cent of Nigerians would ever get the experience of seeing their governor at even a social distance? We are paying stamp duties, taxes of various types, yet the average Nigerian, don’t ask me who that is, will not pay taxes, and the average government will also not provide services even with monies from those who paid. That is why we won’t win the World Cup because we can’t get the simple things right in all of our sports; simple stadiums we cannot maintain, people will not create employment and will not allow for a conducive environment for others to create. We make having a world class hospital look complex and wonder why the best hospitals are privately owned and the public ones funded by billions, run by politically selected CMDs cannot do well. Try getting a public document, you will understand the difference between six and half a dozen, whether it is the Nigerian passport, or National ID card, or National Population Commission birth certificate, you must put grease and engine oil on several hands. A simple matter becomes so hard. The impact of our complex nature on starvation is dramatic, with government policies to shield the population from hunger being minimal. Instead of the Chinese loans and pills that serve only the elite, government should simply work with local structures to do simple things. This is where things are confusing: the protection of elite complexity is far more important for our leaders than the protection of precious life, which is too simple a thing to do. Dr. Charles Dickson, Pcdbooks@yahoo.com. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politician, Others Offended By My Husband Should Forgive Him ― Adedibu’s Widow Wife of the late strongman of Oyo State politics Alhaji Lamidi Ariyibi Adedibu, Alhaja Modinat Abosede Adedibu has come out to appeal to those he offended while alive to forgive him, as there is no human being that does not make mistakes. She also added that since he is now late, those who offended him too…simple things are complex Kill Me Rather Than Destroy My Cannabis Farm ― Suspect Begs NDLEA In Kogi A suspected Cannabis Sativa farmer, Clement Akor, has begged the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to take his life instead of destroying his 10-hectare cannabis plantation. Akor, a 42 years old father of six children from Enabo village in Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State was arrested by the Kogi State command of…simple things are complex  simple things are complex CAMA Is Against Religious Institutions In Nigeria ―CUPP The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) on Wednesday said that the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) was being targeted at religious institutions in the country. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the spokesman of CUPP, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere said that it was also a plot by the Federal Government to have access to finance…simple things are complex  simple things are complex FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY