A Grade I Area Court, Kubwa, FCT, on Thursday sentenced a 31-year-old sales representative, Idoga Dennis to nine months imprisonment for misappropriating N549, 700. The Judge, Muhammad Adamu, sentenced Dennis, who lives in Jabi, Abuja after he pleaded guilty to criminal breach of trust, misappropriation and cheating. Adamu, however, gave Dennis an option of N15, 000 fine and ordered him to pay the complainant, Nelson Nkennor compensation of N549, 700. He warned Dennis to be of good behaviour and desist from committing crimes. ALSO READ: Osinbajo presides over 4th virtual NEC meeting Earlier, the Prosecution Counsel, John Okpa told the court that the complainant reported the matter at the Kubwa Police Station sometime in January. Okpa said Dennis, a sales representative at Delog Nigeria Limited fraudulently misappropriated N549, 700 realised from the sale of goods entrusted to him to remit the money. The prosecution said the offence contravened the provisions of sections 312, 309 and 322 of the Penal Code. The defence counsel, Taiye Okoya, told the court that Dennis was a first-time offender and had a heavily pregnant wife and family that are dependent on him. Okoya also begged the court to temper justice with mercy. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com