The Ondo State Government on Wednesday denied ordering of re-opening of primary and tertiary institutions, public or private schools in the state, saying only Senior Secondary School 3 and Junior Secondary School Class 3 have been recalled back to classes. The state Chairman of the Inter-Ministerial Committee on COVID-19, Professor Adesegun Fatusi, who stated the continued closure of schools is in line with its objective of strengthening public safety, protecting the lives of residents and further mitigating the spread of COVID-19. Fatusi said all schools in the state remained closed warning school authorities, both public and private schools not to contravene the state government’s directive until the state government expressly permits such. Fatusi said, “The Government is very keen to see students return to classes, but in a safe, serene and secured environment. “The government would not tolerate any illegal act of re-opening schools contrary to the government’s directive. He called on parents to ensure that their children and ward continued to stay at home until the government directed otherwise. He called for the understanding and full cooperation of all stakeholders, saying the government’s efforts are in the best interest of the people and aimed at ensuring the health safety of its citizens. He further implored all groups and individuals to continue to observe all safety measures against COVID-19 which include constant and proper use of face masks, regular handwashing/use of hand sanitisers, and social distancing – in the interest of their own health and that of their loved ones. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday…Schools remain closed Schools remain closed The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas… Schools remain closed  Schools remain closed Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia…Schools remain closed NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com