Oyo State government said it will replicate the Society for Family Health’s A360 project across all local governments in the state with the aim to better educate adolescents and increase their access to voluntary modern contraception at the Primary Health Care Centres. Executive secretary, Oyo State Primary Healthcare Board, Dr Muideen Olatunji, who made this known in Ibadan during the end of the A360 project dissemination ceremony, said this is to ensure that adolescents and young people achieve their goals in life while avoiding unwanted pregnancies. According to Dr Olatunji, results of A360 project in the two pilot local government areas indicated that many adolescent girls who are presently on the path of losing focus on their future dreams due to unwanted pregnancy, bad peer pressure and illiteracy could also turn out to be responsible members of the public if the project is replicated across the state. He added, “This is like a testimonial that tends to reveal unto us the true position, an aspect we tend to overlook. We can now extrapolate that over the 33 local government areas in the state and see how many young adults we have missed; how many adolescents have been so vulnerable and whose life could have been truncated by one reason on the other either by family challenge or by peer pressure.” Dr Olatunji lauded Governor Seyi Makinde’s administration for mandating a minimum of 7.5 per cent of the local government administration funds to be devoted to primary health care services as it would make health care accessible and affordable to the people in the community, particularly adolescents who reside at the grassroots. Regional manager, SFH’s A360 Project, Mr Tunde Ogungbenro, declared that the project’s preliminary study showed that sex and pregnancy, barriers to contraception and poor understanding of adolescents world are obstacles to ensuring  adolescents achieve their goals in life. Ogungbenro said the focus of A360 is to ensure an enhanced contraceptive service delivery for girls’ unmet needs and those who are tagged to be vulnerable and poor in society. According to him, “Sex and pregnancy should not be an issue if there is an enabling environment and the policy supports young persons who are already sexually active to access contraceptives, without any hindrance.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com