The Nigerian Army, on the orders of the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant-General Tukur Buratai, has donated a 3-bedroom flat to a veteran soldier, Paul Ojo, and his family. The Army through Major General Usman Shehu Mohammed, the General Officer Commanding 1 Division of the Nigerian Army on Tuesday apartment located at Number 26, Yakowa Street, Anguwan Galadima, Kaduna, Kaduna State to the retired Warrant Officer with service number ex-63NA/8725. The veteran was recently evicted out of his 2-bedroom apartment at Number L2, KASUPDA Quarters, Kabala Costain, Kaduna North Local Government. It was gathered that when the Buratai saw the reports on social media and conventional media, he directed the GOC to investigate the issue and report back to him. In an interview with journalists after receiving the house, the retired Warrant Officer thanked the Army chief for coming to his aid, saying the donation was a demonstration that his services to the Army and Nigeria were not in vain. “I don’t know how to thank him but Almighty God will give us peace to rule Nigeria well,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.