Nigerian Afropop star, David Adeleke, popularly known as Davido has become the first Nigerian musician to feature in  a Hollywood movie, as he has been assigned a role in Eddie Murphy’s classic comedy movie, ‘Coming to America 2’. The singer, who confirmed this development on his twitter account on Wednesday, responded to a reply to one his tweets which revealed he’s part of the cast in the upcoming movie – Coming to America 2. In his words, Davido tweeted: “I can’t wait”. Davido will be featuring in the movie alongside several Hollywood actors and music stars such as Eddie Murphy, Wesley Snipes, Tracy Morgan, Vanessa Bell Calloway, Michael Blackson, Rick Ross and many others. Coming to America 2 is stipulated to be released on December 18 this year. This sequence is coming 32 years after the release of the original movie in 1988.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country… Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28… Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs was a serious financial burden on Nigerians… BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com