A 40-year-old man, Sunday Achir, has been remanded at the Federal Correctional Center, Makurdi for allegedly raping an 11-year-old girl. Achir was brought before the Chief Magistrate Court sitting in Makurdi yesterday and presided over by Magistrate Victor Kor. According to the Police Prosecutor, Hyacinth Gbakor, who informed the court that on June 22, 2020, around 11:55 am, at Tse Agberagba, headquarters of Konshisha local government area of Benue State, an 11-year-old girl of the same address who had gone to assist her grandmother in the market was returning home when she was raped. The prosecutor said that the defendant, Mr Sunday Achir, allegedly held the girl’s hand and dragged her into his room where he raped her. Gbakor said that during police investigation, the said Sunday Achir was arrested for committing the crime, contrary to section 284 of the penal code law of Benue State, 2004. The prosecutor informed the court that investigation into the matter was still on and asked the court for another day to enable him to prove his case. The trial magistrate, Victor Kor, ordered that the accused be remanded at the Federal Correctional Center, Makurdi and adjourned the case to September 14, 2020, for mention. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Court remands 40-year-old man Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Court remands 40-year-old man FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.