THE British flag carrier, Virgin Atlantic Airways has announced plans to launch additional services to Lagos, Nigeria and four other countries in September. A statement from the airline’s office in Lagos said: “As countries around the world start to relax travel restrictions, Virgin Atlantic will resume flying from London Heathrow to Lagos, Delhi, Tel Aviv, Atlanta and Mumbai with additional routes being added throughout 2020 followed by a further, gradual recovery through 2021 in line with customer demand. Commenting on the development, Chief Commercial Officer at Virgin Atlantic, Juha Jarvinen, remarked: “We’re continually reviewing our network and as countries begin to open up their borders, we’re introducing more and more flying. “We’re incredibly excited to resume services to Lagos, Delhi, Tel Aviv, Atlanta and Mumbai this September as well as increasing the frequency to other destinations. We’re now offering daily flights to New York JFK and Los Angeles and twice weekly flights to Shanghai.  We’ll also be restarting flights to further destinations from October onwards, including new services to Pakistan from both London Heathrow and Manchester. “We can’t wait to welcome our customers back onboard and fly them safely to their destinations while our services may temporarily be little different and our crew will be wearing masks. They will be smiling behind them and working incredibly hard to deliver the experience we know our customers love. Initial feedback from our customers on our restart services has been overwhelmingly positive, flying safe and well, returning to the skies with confidence”. The British flag carrier is also expanding its onboard offering to increase its food and beverages service onboard for customers while continuing to ensure the services are designed to limit interaction.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com