THE quest for improved infrastructure and services at the University College Hospital, Ibadan received a boost on Tuesday, 15th September, 2020 as the Ooni of Ile Ife, His Imperial Majesty, Oba Enitan Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, promised to build a multi million naira Chemotherapy Centre in partnership with other donors from the United States of America at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Oba Ogunwusi made the promise when the Chief Medical Director, Professor Jesse Abiodun Otegbayo, paid a courtesy visit to the palace of the Ooni. According to the traditional ruler, the rising cases of cancer in Nigeria calls for concern and action from all well meaning individuals and corporate organisations in the country. He said the visit of the CMD had shown the seriousness attached to the project and the avowed interest of the management of UCH to enhancing healthcare delivery in the hospital. Oba Ogunwusi promised to call on his friends and well wishers to join him in the completion of the centre. He lauded the CMD and the entire management of the hospital for the good works being done in the treatment of patients that come to the hospital, and charged them to remain consistent in the quest to improve the condition of the hospital. Earlier, Professor Otegbayo appreciated the traditional ruler for his continued support to his administration. He stated that it had become imperative for the management of the hospital to approach high net worth individuals in Nigeria to assist in taking the UCH to an enviable height, adding that he is determined to improve on tripartite functions of the hospital, which are training, research and services.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections, saying it may impose travel restrictions on the perpetrators and prosecute them under international law. Presidency’s Reaction To Our Intervention Disappointing, Say Afenifere, NEF, Ohanaeze, PANDEF, MBF NIGERIAN leaders and elders under the aegis of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere; Northern Elders Forum (NEF); Ohanaeze Ndi’gbo, Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) and the Middle-Belt Forum (MBF), on Monday described as “deeply disappointing and worrying” the way the presidency chose to react to the pieces of advice offered by the groups and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on better ways to move the country forward. Soyinka Backs Obasanjo, Says Nigeria Now More Divided Under Buhari Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka has backed claims by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, saying Nigeria is presently more divided under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. | UCH chemotherapy | UCH chemotherapy | UCH chemotherapy SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com