Ajayi Crowther University (ACU), Oyo, has unveiled Prof. Timothy Adebayo as the new Vice-Chancellor to succeed Prof. Dapo Asaju by end of October. Chief Wole Olanipekun SAN, the Chairman of ACU governing council, unveiled the new vice-chancellor on Thursday in Oyo. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that Adebayo, a former Deputy Vice-Chancellor of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso, is the 4th vice-chancellor of the university. Olanipekun said that the institution’s governing council had approved the appointment of Adebayo as a successor to Asaju, having satisfied all the requirements of the institutions. The Senior Advocate of Nigeria said that the council observed all the due process of appointing a vice-chancellor. ALSO READ: UNILAG Senate, staff unions, reject new VC “Today, Council has approved the appointment of Prof. Timothy Abiodun Adebayo, a former Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Ogbomoso, as a successor to Prof. Asaju, as new vice-chancellor. “This is the 4th vice-chancellor of this university. Council has unveiled him. We have prayed for him. He is taking over from this great man, Asaju. “We want to believe that we have prayed for you and in five years time, we will celebrate you. “Ajayi Crowther University is ruling the way. We are not disappointing our proprietors. That is the Anglican Church Nigeria. Supra West and Particularly the House of Bishops,” he said. The council chairman described Asaju, the outgoing vice-chancellor as an astute, honest and efficient administrator who in spite of the little resources accruable to the institution, achieved a lot. “He managed our finances in a way and manner that no other person could have done better. He has turned the temporary site to a Jerusalem. “Here, he has come to this desert and look at what he is doing, creating an oasis in this desert. Look at the buildings here and there. “This morning, we have commissioned about six buildings. But there are so many, not less than 20 on the permanent site. Council appreciates and thanks to him and prays for his prosperity. “And five years into his tenure which will end on Oct. 1, 2020, he has moved mountains and performed miracles. He has done what even Napoleon could not have done,” he said. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review of the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for an urgent move to pull the country… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com