The Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) has said the late Emir of Zazzau, Shehu Idris would be remembered for his fatherly advice and maintenance of peace in his Emirate. It noted that it received with sadness the news of the death of the Emir who died at the age of 84. In a statement issued by the National Publicity Secretary of ACF, Emmanuel Yawe, the forum noted that the late monarch played a prominent role as one of the five Emirs who founded the ACF with its headquarters located in his domain, Kaduna. “Until his death, he was one of the oldest and highest-ranking traditional rulers not only in the north but also the whole of Nigeria.” Tribune Online reports that the late Idris was the 18th Emir to rule over the Emirate and in February this year, he celebrated his 45th year anniversary on the throne. He ruled his Emirate through a period of rapid political, economic, social changes and but never lost his focus on his primary responsibility – the maintenance of peace and progress in his Emirate. The Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) condoles with his immediate family, the Zazzau Emirate and the Kaduna State government over this tragic and untimely loss. “The forum will miss his fatherly advice on all issues that were tabled before him,” it declared.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Dino Melaye’s Revelation: How I Was Scammed To Support Buhari, Join APC In 2015 Senator Dino Melaye, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), represented Kogi West senatorial district in the Eighth Assembly and until last November, in the 9th National Assembly speaks in this exclusive interview on the leadership of the National Assembly under Senator Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila, review of the Nigerian Constitution, how he was scammed to support Buhari in 2015 and why President Muhammadu Buhari will never agree to a workable constitution for the country… 22 Deregistered Political Parties In Bauchi Demand Reregistration By INEC Bauchi State chapters of the 22 political parties deregistered by INEC for what was described as lack of national spread and non-performance but ordered to be reregistered by the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division have called on the INEC and Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission (BASIEC) to as a matter of fairness include their names and logos on the ballot papers for future elections… Eight Burnt To Death In Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Accident Eight persons were on Saturday night burnt to death in a lone accident involving a Mazda bus on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com