The authorities of the Moshood Abiola Polytechnic (MAPOLY), Abeokuta, has directed its students to resume for academic activities on September 21. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abeokuta, on Tuesday, by the Public Relations Officer, Yemi Ajibola, the directive was in compliance with the state government pronouncement that schools in the state should resume the following closure as a result of coronavirus outbreak. The statement had it that all National Diploma, Full Time and Part Time students are expected to commence course revision, practical, workshop and studio works from the day of resumption to Saturday 3rd of October for the first-semester examination 2019/2020 academic session. ALSO READ: Obaseki has served selflessly, deserves second term ― Olabode George While all Higher National Diploma, Full-time and Part-time students are expected to feature to attend classes from Monday to Saturday from 1.00 pm to 5.00 pm. Hence, no National Diploma Students should be available on the school premises by 1:00 pm. In the same vein, Matriculation and Oath-Taking ceremony will hold on Wednesday, 30th September 2020 for all Fresh Students National Diploma and Higher National Diploma for the 2019/2020 academic session. Students are therefore advised to acquaint themselves with the revised 2019/2020 academic calendar as the second semester for the 2019/2020 academic session begins on Monday, 2nd November 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com