The All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee led by Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni has said it has no anointed candidate for the legislative by-election in Cross River North Senatorial by-election in Cross River State. Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the party, Yekini Nabena said the refutation was compelling against the backdrop of the allegation by a former presidential aide, “Chief Okoi Obono-Obla alleging an attempt to ‘foist’ a predetermined candidate in the forthcoming Cross River North Senatorial District by-elections. “There are no preferred, pre-determined or anointed aspirants.” Nabena further maintained that “under the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee, the party is already moving in a new and progressive direction whereby things are done properly and internal democracy is the norm. “The party will continue to give all aspirants a level playing field while also ensuring that only those with impeccable records and are popularly elected are presented as APC candidates in all elections.” The statement also revealed that the appeal committee has cleared all party aspirants to contest the September 3 primary election to elect APC candidates for the October 31 concurrent legislative by-elections scheduled to be conducted across eight states of the Federation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… Cross River North | Cross River North | Cross River North | Cross River North FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.