A Diaspora coalition, Yoruba One Voice (YOV), has said its proposed rally for sensitisation on the need to seek the establishment of Oodua Republic, slated for October 1 is sacrosanct, assuring participants of a peaceful rally in line with the global template for the fulfilment of its desire as well the liberation of the Yoruba people in Nigeria. YOV presently in 176 countries across all the six continents, is the umbrella group of over 300 groups of Yoruba descendants in the world. Director of Communications of the group, Comrade Zacheaus Somorin, said in this on Tuesday in a statement made available to newsmen, disclosing that all arrangements had been concluded to hold a peaceful rally designed to draw the attention of the global world to situation and happenings in the country. According to Somorin, the reason for seeking self-determination as the best means and alternative is to save the nation from impending implosion, noting that the country was failing daily as adjudged by prominent leaders in the nation. “The rally is to sensitize the world on the need to liberate Yoruba race from the shackles of bondage. We have made our position known to our people in Nigeria. The reason for seeking self-determination as the best means and alternative is to save the nation from impending implosion. “Nigeria has failed. The country is falling by the day. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo, said it recently, Prof. Wole Soyinka also said it, even the Aare Onakakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, has raised the alarm severally that the country is drifting,” he said. “Similarly, the revered former Catholic Archbishop of Abuja Diocese, John Onaiyekan, now Archbishop Emeritus, didn’t mince words recently in an interview where he said Nigeria can break up even before 2023 if we continue to be irresponsible and reckless,” he added. Speaking further, Somorin lamented the level of insecurity in the country, corruption, misgovernance, among others, declaring that there was a need for the citizens to rise against what he described as political enslavement by a section of the country. “In Nigeria today, life is of no value. There is raging insecurity, electoral rigging, corruption, nepotism and cruel misgovernance. Nigerians at home are mostly affected. There is a need for us to rise against political enslavement by a section of the country. “It is all about our image, it is all about our identity as a member of a nation. This ‘forced marriage’ has not been working. “Nigeria will be 60 by October and the truth is that there is nothing to show for it. Nothing except senseless killings, kidnapping, corruption, election rigging occasioned by bad leadership. So, we need to change the narratives. We need to fight against this lawlessness and huge misappropriation of national fortune,” YOV spokesperson said. Somorin, however, urged Yoruba sons and daughters in Nigeria to brace up to the reality of the situation on the ground, stressing that the coming event would surely change the narratives of the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday….No going back on October  No going back on October The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas… No going back on October No going back on October Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia…No going back on October NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com