At its 6th Triennial Delegates’ Conference in Abuja, with the theme: ‘The future of work post pandemic and energy transition,’ the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN), elected Comrade Osifo Festus of Total Nigeria Plc as the 16th president of the union. Comrade Osifo emerged the PENGASSAN president after defeating his sole challenger, Comrade Roland Frederick of Shell Petroleum by 200 to 183 votes. Other elected members of the executive include: Ngozi Chiwendu, Women in PENGASSAN; Aniete Udo,  National PRO who was unopposed; Charles Ogbowu, National Auditor 1; Kabiru Dan. Azumi, Financial Secretary and Kelechi Ugwulo of NALCO as the National Industrial Relations Officer. Comrade Bosun Olaniyi is the National Auditor 2. All the elected officials were sworn in by the General Secretary, Comrade Lumumba Okugbawa. In his acceptance speech, Comrade Osifo promised to abide by the constitution of the association in all his dealings and return powers to the branches, while fighting for the protection of members’ jobs and welfare. He thanked the delegates for electing men and women of character who he promised will not disappoint the confidence reposed in them.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…