In a bid to appreciate the effort of frontline workers at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), the women wing of the Yoruba Tennis Club has donated palliative items to frontline health workers and members of staff who got infected with the corona virus. Speaking at the presentation, Mrs. Titilola Agbaje, Chairperson of the Ladies Wing said the donation stemmed from the need to constantly appreciate the effort of frontline workers. She said, “We are not oblivious of the happenings in Nigeria and the world at large. We understand that living life has been more challenging and medical personnel risk their lives in order to take care of COVID-19 patients, yet they come to work and give their best. We have come to appreciate that effort and we pray earnestly that their effort will pay off at the end.” Mrs. Folake Ademiluyi, chairperson of the welfare Committee of the ladies wing of the club, reiterated that they came to LASUTH to appreciate the work of frontline personnel by giving the much that they can. Professor Adetokunbo O Fabamwo, Chief Medical Director of LASUTH, who is also a member and past chairman of the Yoruba Tennis Club, appreciated the ladies wing of the club for remembering and reaching out to the medical officers. He emphasized that the sacrifice cannot be undermined and should be regularly rewarded. At this point, I am a proud ambassador of the club and I, on behalf of the management team of the hospital, appreciate the palliatives you have come with today,”he said. Mrs. Adedoyin Adepoju, general secretary of the ladies ‘wing of the club; Dr. Mustafa Ibrahim, director, Clinical Services and Training LASUTH; Mr. Kehinde Gbajumo, director Hospital Management and Human Resources; Mrs. Adebola Aina, deputy director Nursing Services and Mrs. Yejide Kolawole, director Legal Services, were present at the event. The Yoruba Tennis Club is a prime indigenous sports and social club in Nigeria.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com