The Bishop of Diocese of Ijebu North, Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), The Right Reverend Solomon Kuponu, has said that the recent increase in the price of petroleum products and electricity tariff would inflict more suffering on the masses. He noted that Nigerians have suffered enough as regards harsh government policies in time past, wondering why government should increase electricity tariff which is not being enjoyed by the people. The Bishop said this at a news conference as part of activities to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the inauguration of the Diocese, held on Wednesday, at the Pa Michael Adenuga Memorial Anglican Church, Ijebu-Igbo,Ogun State. Kuponu called on the government at the centre to address major challenges confronting the country in the interest of the people, saying Nigerians never prayed for the change they are experiencing at this critical period. He said that government increased electricity tariff, fuel pump price when many states of the federation are yet to implement the new minimum wage. “There’s no reason why the Nigerian government cannot look elsewhere and find solution to the country’s problem rather than increasing fuel and electricity prices. “Enough is enough, we have suffered enough. The civil servants have suffered enough, the masses, the Church has suffered enough. Nigeria is a land blessed by God. “Some state governments are yet to approve the new minimum wage, yet government increased pump price, electricity tariff. Nigerians never prayed for this, so I am appealing to the Federal Government to have mercy on the people,” he added. The Bishop added that the Diocese had continued to expand in the last 15 years on its vision of being a church that is spiritually strong and evangelically alert. Kuponu said the Diocese had every cause to celebrate based on the theme of the anniversary ‘Thanking God for Inestimable Benefits’ (II Corinthians 9:15). Activities lined up for the celebration include the 15th year consecration of Kuponu as the Diocesan;  virtual anniversary crusade; anniversary lecture to be delivered virtually by the President of the African Development Bank, Dr. Akinwunmi Adesina.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com