The Oyo State task force charged with the operations of private health facilities in the state has sealed another six health facilities in Ibadan and Oyo town over non-accreditation, quackery practices among other misconducts by owners of the centres. The Commissioner for Health, Dr Bashir, while speaking during the monitoring exercise, expressed concern over the quackery in private health facilities in the state. He affirmed the government’s resolve to deliver quality health care in both the public and private health facilities for the sake of citizens and residents of the state. Dr Bello, who spoke through the Director of Secondary Health Care and Training in the ministry, Dr Wale Falana, said the idea behind the  monitoring  is to maintain sanity in the health sector and ensure all health facilities secure accreditation to provide services. He stated that the present administration remains sacrosanct about the  well- being of  individuals and the need for qualified medical  practitioners who are yet to register their facilities to do so without any further delay. “The drive embarked upon by the task force is about everything that has to do with health. We don’t want quackery in private health facilities, including in laboratory, pharmacy and nursing services.” “We want our people to be in good health; we want qualified health personnel to take care of our people. “A lot of quackery is happening. Early this year, a clinic was locked up. The owner of the facility is not a qualified medical personnel and he was running a hypertension clinic. “He was told to get someone that is qualified to do the job. Now you can see the place is open; this is illegality.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com