The Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Mammud Yakubu, on Wednesday disclosed that the Commission had replaced the card Readers burnt in the inferno that occurred at the Ondo State headquarters of the commission ahead of the October 10, governorship election in the state. Yakubu who stated this in Akure while speaking with newsmen during a three-day working visit to the state said the visit is to have on the spot assessment of the level of preparedness for the commission for the election. He said the commission was ready for the conduct of credible and acceptable poll as witnessed in Edo State last Saturday. He said the commission had made provision for the card readers from other state and the card reader have been configured ahead of the next month governorship election in the state. ALSO READ: Kogi Women Affairs commissioner pledges sustained care for less privileged He said “we have already recovered some smart card readers. We, unfortunately, lost over 5000 smart card readers to the fire incident. We have however recovered by getting a requisite number of smart card readers from neighbouring Oyo state. “They have already been delivered to Ondo State and that have been charged and configured and ready for the election on October 10 governorship election in the state.” Yakubu explained that he was in the state to meet with the Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Ambassador Rufus Akeju and Head of Departments ahead of the October 10, Governorship Election in Ondo State. He also said the commission would organise an interaction session with all the stakeholders in the election including traditional rulers in the state to ensure the success of the election. It will be recalled that a section of of the state INEC office was affected by a fire outbreak, burning about 5,141 smart card readers meant for the governorship election during the inferno. The cause of the fire incident was attributed to electrical surge after an investigation by the state police command. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com