Three suspected logging operators docked before an Osogbo Magistrate Court for allegedly smoking Cannabis Sativa otherwise known as Indian Hemp have defended their action, saying “we smoke Indian Hemp because it chases away evil spirits in the forest.” The suspects, Samson Lucas (25), Ayo Olamide (25) and Olalekan Omoniyi (22) were arraigned on a five-count charge, bordering on conspiracy, unlawful possession of criminal charm, Indian hemp and attempted armed robbery. The Police prosecutor, Inspector Elisha Olusegun, informed the court that the suspects conspired and went round public places in a manner liable to unleash terror on innocent citizens of Orile-Owu. Olusegun further explained that the alleged offence contravened Sections 516, 213(b), 80, 430(1) and 509 of the Criminal Code, Cap 34, Vol. II, Laws of Osun State, 2002. ALSO READ: Woman, 50, faces N2.4m American visa fraud According to the charge sheet, the accused persons committed the offence on September 3, 2020, at about 1:00 am at Orile-Owu, Ayedaade Local Government Area of the state. But, the suspects pleaded not guilty to the charges, arguing that consumption of Marijuana (India Hemp) helps them to chase away evil spirits in the forest whenever they are going for operations. The accused persons also said that they prefer taking Indian Hemp to cigarettes because the later is dangerous to their health. The defence counsel, Barrister Olatunbosun Oladipupo pleaded with the court to admit the suspects to bail on a liberal term. The Magistrate, Mr Ishola Omisade, granted bail to the accused persons in the sum of N300, 000 with a surety each, just as he adjourned the case till October 8, 2020, and transferred the matter to Gbongan Magistrate Court. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi
In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils
Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee.
Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com