Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has said the emergence of Professor Florence Obi as the first female Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar bears eloquent testimony to the capacity of the womenfolks to effectively manage leadership position in the country. Professor Obi of the Faculty of Education broke a 45-year-old jinx by emerging the first female Vice-Chancellor-elect of the University of Calabar, Cross River State, beating 12 other candidates. She will take over from Professor Zana Akpagu whose tenure ends on November 30, 2020. Special Adviser, Media and Publicity to the Deputy President of the Senate, Yomi Odunuga, said the Depuy President of the Senate considers this feat as part of the continuing positive narratives of women capacity to meritoriously take charge in their respective fields of human endeavour. Omo-Agege who chairs the Senate Adhoc Committee on Constitution Review, described Obi as “an astute educational icon” even as he applauded the institution for its non-gender biased meritocracy. He urged her to build on the achievements of the outgoing Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Akpagu. The federal lawmaker prayed for the success of her tenure as Vice-Chancellor of the institution. “In spite of considerable challenges, Nigerian women have continued to demonstrate capacity and competence in various roles and it is no mere conjecture that if given the chance, capable women from the South-South zone and other parts of Nigeria can offer good leadership. “While congratulating the VC-elect and wishing her a successful tenure in office, I particularly commend the institution for its non-gender-biased meritocracy,” Omo-Agege stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com