Minister of Petroleum Resources, Timipre Silva has debunked reports that the new Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) does not accommodate the existence of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). The Minister who said this after meeting with the leadership of the National Assembly said the PIB does not envisaged the scrapping of the corporation but have it commercialized. He said the new deal in the PIB is the development of a midstream sector to accommodate a robust pipeline industry in the sector to sustain the growth of the news oil and gas industry. According to Sylva two agencies which have also been impacted on by the new thinking of the federal government as contained in the PIB are the Petroleum Equalization Fund (PEF) and the Petroleum Product Pricing and Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) will also exist in new form. ALSO READ: Why I dumped APC for PDP ― Uduaghan His words: “I have heard so much noise about NNPC being scrapped, that is not envisaged in the bill at all. “NNPC will be commercialized, in transforming the industry, the new thing we are developing is developing the mid stream. “That is the pipeline sector, that sector in the mid stream and the downstream because the framework is not fully developed. “So we have provided robustly for the growth of the midstream sector. The Minister of Petroleum also said that the host communities will have a good deal when the PIB is passed. “Host community has the best deal and it’s details you would hear in the next few days. The PIB will take care of that On the relevance of the Petroleum Equalization Fund and the Petroleum Product Pricing Regulatory Agency Sylva said “PEF and the PPPRA will not exist in the form it is today.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on Saturday confirmed that he was in consultation with the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the 2023 elections. Ortom said that he had told the opposition party to allow him to make a consultation with his close allies. I have been invited to rejoin APC ― Ortom  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com