Stakeholders have urged relevant authorities to join in the crusade to eliminate violence against the female gender in Ebonyi State. The experts spoke while participating at a one-day training of senior government officials on gender-responsive budgeting. The training was organised by the International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Nigeria, Ebonyi State branch with support from EU-UN Spotlight Initiative at Cirenes Hotel Ltd Abakaliki. Addressing the participants at the workshop, the Program Officer, FIDA, Ebonyi State, Mr. Ike Ogbonnaya, said the training was geared at creating a common understanding of GRB as a tool to promote gender equality, understanding of GRB approach, and articulating the linkages between policy-making, programming and budgeting and the added value of gender-responsive budgeting approaches to policy outcomes. The resource person, Mr. Chijioke Okegbue, detailed the roles of all the ministries, agencies and civil society organizations (CSOs) and law enforcement agencies in achieving GRB in Ebonyi State. The participants including Mrs Charity Odio, Gender Officer for Save Motherhood Association, said the training came at the right time as violence against women has recently become a pandemic following COVID-19 lockdown. She, however, commended the EU-UN Spotlight Initiative for funding the training, noting that the workshop has increased her awareness and understanding of gender issues and the impact of budget and policies. “Even though the budget has been done, this training has made us understand that there is need to have a shelter home where these victims can be rehabilitated and skills acquisition centre needs to be captured in the budget for the empowerment of women and security of their lives against gender issues. “Due to early pregnancy, poverty, our girls drop out of school. So the budget can capture free education for the girl-child even after pregnancy so that they can meaningfully contribute to the society and also it should be included in our schools’ curriculum for the children to know certain things on gender violence and measures to take. Also, Director, National Orientation Agency (NOA) Dr. Emmanuel Abba, said that: “We want budget monitoring and public budget audit to see the fund provided to do advocacy to the legislature and local government areas to make sure provisions are made for gender issues.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… gender violence | gender violence | gender violence | gender violence FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY