First and foremost, our amiable Governor Seyi Makinde should be highly appreciated for the reopening of various schools in Oyo State after the closure of schools for about six months in order to curtail the spread of the COVID-19 that is ravaging the world. As a matter of fact, noon day school system should be operated for just a short period because of its disadvantages on the students who are involved. Apparently, it has been stipulated that a set of students will be in school between the period of 8:00am and 11:00am while another set of students in both primary and secondary school will be in the school between 12noon and 3:00pm. The people in authority should take congnisance of what the weather forecaster had earlier said concerning the late heavy downpour that could disrupt various activities as well as assimilation period for students. The fact remains that nobody is a prognosis of natural disasters but metrological predictions and counsel should not be discarded either. Many of these students are coming from long distances to their various schools where it might be difficult for many of them to reach their houses on time, especially during the rush hour and heavy traffic in many areas. While it has become imperative to operate noon day schooling system, it should be for a limited period so as to consider the plight of the affected students. Rev. Oladimeji Michael Olalekan, Oyo State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Petrol/Electricity Price Hike: Prepare For Unprecedented Mass Action From Next Monday, NLC, TUC Tell Nigerians With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price… FG Takes Over Revenue Management Of NNPC, Customs, FIRS, NCC, Others Pressured by dwindling revenues and heavy debt burden, the Federal Government on Tuesday moved to boost its resources by directly taking over control of revenue management of its 10 most lucrative enterprises… Borno Governor Donates House, N20m To Widow, Children Of Colonel Killed By Boko Haram Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning… Angry APC Governors Meet Oshiomhole SOME governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, met with the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, behind closed doors.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com