The Ogun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said that the former governor of Ekiti State, Mr Ayo Fayose, lacked the moral right to complain about the leadership of the party in the South West. The party spoke against the backdrop of media reports that Fayose on Wednesday warned the Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, to steer clear of the leadership of the party in Ekiti and other South-West states. A statement issued in Abeokuta on Thursday by the Chairman of the party in Ogun State, Hon. Samson Bamgbose quoted him as saying that it was an irony of fate that Fayose, who refused to allow legally-recognised Ogun State PDP exco to function since 2016 could be complaining of interference. “We are surprised that Mr Fayose could be talking of the need to allow some persons to complete their terms and run the party in their states, whereas he is the master of impunity and meddlesomeness. He is the brain behind the impostors that he has been associating within Ogun State. He has been supporting them against the Rule of Law since his days as governor of Ekiti State. He truncated the tenure of the South West Zonal Exco as well as that of Prof. Wale Oladipo and the late Alhaji Fatai Adeyanju as National Secretary and National Auditor. He ran the party like his personal business when he was the only PDP governor in the South West.” The statement reads further, “We have been following Mr Fayose’s forlorn dream to be the imperial leader of the PDP in the South West in spite of the fact that he is not the only former governor of the PDP in the zone. ALSO READ: Resident doctors suspend strike “We do not know what he stands to gain in undermining notable leaders and elders of the PDP in the South West, especially the Governor of Oyo State, Mr Seyi Makinde, who God has chosen to be the new leader of the PDP in the South West. “It is high time Mr Fayose woke up from his dream and faced the reality that his time has passed and a new leader has emerged, and we must genuinely accept Engr. Makinde without any dispute as to the one who has been anointed by the Almighty God to lead us in the South West PDP at this point in time. “When Mr Fayose held sway as the Governor of Ekiti State, he never allowed anyone to challenge him. He bamboozled and suppressed everyone as governor even when we had the more experienced and mature Dr Olusegun Mimiko as governor of Ondo State.” The party appealed to notable leaders and elders of the PDP like Chief Bode George, Alhaji Shuaibu Oyedokun, Senator Abiodun Olujinmi and Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola, among others, to rally round Makinde to take PDP to greater heights. “Mr Fayose takes delight in betraying his friends because of his selfish interest. After our beloved leader, the late Senator Buruji Kashamu supported him to emerge as the Governor of Ekiti State in 2014, he betrayed him and nearly drove him out of the PDP. He worked against the PDP and Senator Olujinmi’s re-election but God disappointed him. We would have thought that that would have taught him a lesson. But no, he continues with his unbridled arrogance and bloated ego,” the party added. It urged the governors and other national leaders of the PDP “to call Mr Fayose to order before he plunges the PDP in the South West into another round of avoidable crisis because of his unbridled ambition and an insatiable hunger for power.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com