CLEARING agents under the Save Nigeria Freight Forwarders Importers and Exporters Coalition (SNFFIEC) have labeled the Council for the Regulation of Freight Forwarding in Nigeria (CRFFN) a failure and an underachiever. Addressing maritime journalists in Lagos recently, chairman of SNFFIEC, Chief Chukwu Osita Patrick, accused the council of underachieving since the Federal Government inaugurated the current management board in November of 2018. According to Chief Chukwu Osita, “It’s been two years since the current CRFFN board and management were appointed; tell me what they have achieved thus far? “I am not talking about Practitioners Operating Fee (POF) because that is not their primary role and responsibility. I am talking of training and welfare of practitioners. How has CRFFN impacted on the lives of the clearing agent at the ports? “Since the current CRFFN management was inaugurated in 2018, things have gone from bad to worse for clearing agents. The CRFFN has not organised a single training for clearing agents. Cargo clearance procedure has become more cumbersome and chaotic. “It’s time for a change in the leadership of the CRFFN. We need professionals to take over the mantle of leadership of the CRFFN. Imagine a CRFFN leadership that does not even understand what cargo clearance procedure is all about.” “Go to the ports, you will see clearing agents looking impoverished and untrained.  Clearing agents are losing billions to shipping companies under the container deposit scheme, what has the CRFFN done about this? The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) is seizing licenses of clearing agents who dare to question the corruption in the system. What is the CRFFN doing about this?” Recall that the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi inaugurated the CRFFN governing board in November of 2018.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections, saying it may impose travel restrictions on the perpetrators and prosecute them under international law. Presidency’s Reaction To Our Intervention Disappointing, Say Afenifere, NEF, Ohanaeze, PANDEF, MBF NIGERIAN leaders and elders under the aegis of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere; Northern Elders Forum (NEF); Ohanaeze Ndi’gbo, Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) and the Middle-Belt Forum (MBF), on Monday described as “deeply disappointing and worrying” the way the presidency chose to react to the pieces of advice offered by the groups and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on better ways to move the country forward. Soyinka Backs Obasanjo, Says Nigeria Now More Divided Under Buhari Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka has backed claims by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, saying Nigeria is presently more divided under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com