In response to public outcry, the 36 State Governors under the aegis of Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) have expressed the need for a holistic review of the controversial National Water Resources Bill, 2020 which allegedly seeks to erode the powers of Subnational governments on control of water resources in the country. The resolution was contained in the communiqué issued at the end of the 17th teleconference meeting chaired by Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, where the Governors acknowledged ongoing efforts by the Minister of Water Resources, Engr. Suleiman Adamu for taking an integrated approach to water resource management as a national good. To this end, the Forum underscored the need for the review of other relevant laws including the River Basins Development Authorities Act 2004; the Natural Water Resources Act 2004; and the Nigeria Hydrological Resources Act 2004 will be reviewed by their Attorneys General and Executive Councils of States after which a common position of States will be presented to Water Resources. While briefing the Governors on the National Water Resources Bill 2020, the Minister emphasized that the basic philosophy behind the proposed bill was to integrate water resources management in the country by bringing all laws related to water resources management into one consolidated code. He noted that the new bill is consistent with the Land Use Act and will promote equitable development, management, use and conservation of Nigeria’s surface and groundwater resources. Also at the meeting, the Governors after deliberating on salient issues affecting the country especially the subnational economy following from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic commended the World Bank for facilitating ongoing activities geared towards accelerating the uptake of the CARES program during the COVID-19 period and meet with the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning on the terms of the program. In the same vein, the Governors deliberated on the ongoing health-related interventions across States, including Regional Disease Surveillance Systems Enhancement (REDISSE) COVID-19 Support Fund, the Basic Health Care Provision Fund (BHCPF) and the Saving One Million Lives Performance for Results (SOMLPforR). The Governors also urged World Bank to fast-track the review of the SMART Survey conducted by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), just as the subnational governments were admonished to finalize their baseline assessments and capacity building activities to fast-track access to BHCPF. The Forum also underscored the need to schedule a more intensive session on economic management with their Commissioners of Finance and Budget and Planning on the back of the presentation of Mr Bismarck Rewane member of the Presidential Economic Advisory Council, who spoke on managing state economies: challenges, opportunities and policy solutions for State Governments, and highlighted the deteriorating economic condition in the country as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and called for an informed response from governments to steer the country to a V-shaped economic recovery 2021. The NGF is also expected to partner with KAINOS Edge Consulting in conducting a Household Survey which will cover household demographics, decision-making and well-being characteristics, with the view to gather data, analyze, generate and publish insights on the household economy across the 36 States of Nigeria and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). On the forthcoming 26th Nigerian Economic Summit (NES #26) which, was designed to focus on the sub-nationals as the frontiers for economic growth and development in the country, no fewer than 18 Governors are expected to take part in physical and virtual high-level panel dialogues from 26th – 27th October 2020. “The Technical Committee of the NGF-NESG Economic Roundtable (NNER) which was inaugurated on the 14th September 2020 will be responsible for coordinating of the activities of the NGF-NESG partnership based on a Memorandum of Understanding signed between both Institutions in 2017 to facilitate joint program aimed at promoting sub-national competitiveness. ALSO READ: Over 46,000 persons infected with HIV/AIDS undergoing treatment in Kogi ― CISHAN “The 2019 Annual Performance Assessment (APA) for the States’ Fiscal Transparency, Accountability and Sustainability (SFTAS) program conducted by the Office of the Auditor-General of the Federation (OAuGF) will be completed this week. The exercise has already been completed in 32 States. States remain committed and will continue to work assiduously to meet the requirements and Disbursement Linked Indicators (DLIs) of the program,” the communiqué read in part. While briefing the Forum on the NGF Sub-Committee interfacing with the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Sub-Committee, Governor Fayemi highlighted the role of government in monitoring controls including the requirement for Travellers to present credible COVID-19 PCR Test results in order to safeguard the health of the populace, as the country welcomes international travellers. On his part, Vice Chairman of National Food Security Council, Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State briefed on the activities of the Council as it concerns agricultural development and food security in the country. In his presentation, the World Bank Country Director, Mr Shubham Chaudhuri in the company of the Bank’s Lead Specialist on the Nigeria CARES Program, Prof, Foluso Okunmadewa gave an update on the Nigeria COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus (CARES) Program for Results, which aimed at funding investments at the State level and geared toward protecting livelihoods and food security for vulnerable families and facilitating economic recovery for micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the country. To this end, the Work Bank called for greater support for the State Focal Persons and the Institutions responsible for implementing the program including Social Safety Net, the Community and Social Development Agencies (CSDA) and FADAMA and SME platforms. To this end, the Governors were admonished on the need to establish a State CARES Coordination Unit in their respective ministries of Budget and Planning to ensure proper coordination with other ministries, departments and agencies. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com