Kaduna State Government has announced the passing away of the late Emir of Zazzau,  Shehu Idris , and said the deceased  offered distinguished service to the state for over six decades in various roles, culminating in his ascension to the throne in 1975. In a statement signed by the Special Adviser on Media and Communication, Mr Muyiwa Adekeye on Sunday, Governor Nasir el Rufai said that  the Emir of Zazzau died in hospital in the early hours of Sunday . The governor condoled with  the family of the late Emir and the people of Zazzau Emirate. According to the statement, “throughout his long reign of 45 years, HRH Dr. Shehu Idris worked hard for the people of Zazzau Emirate. He offered wise counsel and was committed to the goals of improving health outcomes for all our people, raising school enrolment and peace and security in the state.” ALSO READ: Despite ban, Emirates Airlines reinstates commitment to Nigeria “He demonstrates dedication in his roles as  chairman of the Kaduna State Council of Chiefs and a member of the State Security Council. “The state will miss his experience, institutional memory and wisdom.We pray Allah to grant him aljanah firdaus,’’ the statement added Meanwhile, the late monarch will be buried today (Sunday) in Zaria at 5pm. A statement issued by the governor, Nasir El-rufai said he had informed  President Muhammadu Buhari the death of the first class traditional ruler. According to the statement,  the federal government will send  a delegation under the Chief of Staff, Professor Ibrahim Gambari to attend the burial and to condole with the Emirate as well as the state government. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com