The death of the Director of Finance and Account of the Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs, Mr Moses Chimereze Okpo, has been confirmed. Reports said he died on Saturday, August 29, 2020. Speaking with Tribune Online on phone on Tuesday, spokesperson to the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, Mr Ani Ekong, confirmed the passing. He said Okpo had been sick for about a year before his eventual demise last weekend. When further prodded on the cause of the death, Ekong said it was unrelated to COVID-19 as Okpo had fallen ill before the pandemic set in. “There’s been misinformation going on. People think that he was the Director that died in NDDC some months ago of COVID-19 and buried last week. “But this man that died is the Director of Finance and Account in the ministry in Abuja and I learnt he’s been very sick for a long time of over a year before he passed on,” Ekong noted. ALSO READ: Saudi Arabia releases Zamfara Islamic scholar after three years in detention for alleged drugs trafficking He added that Honourable Minister Godswill Akpabio on Monday paid a condolence visit to the family. Mr Okpo’s death is coming barely three months after the Director of Finance at the NDDC, Ibang Etanga, died. According to financialreportingcouncil.gov.ng, Mr Okpo was a former Director, Finance & Accounts at the Federal Ministry of Finance. An experienced financial professional, he had over 24 years of experience serving in the Office of the Auditor-General for the Federation, National Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission, Federal Ministry of Petroleum Resources, Office of the Accountant-General of the Federation, Budget Office of the Federation, Office of the Head of Civil Service of the Federation and Federal Ministry of Transport. He had an HND Accounts from Federal Polytechnic Bauchi and Masters in Business Administration from Ondo State University. In addition to these, he was a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) and an Associate Member, Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria. Mr Okpo was a native of Abia State and was born on March 6th, 1961. He left behind a wife and children.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.