IN line with the renewed efforts of the Federal Government to revamp the country’s agricultural sector, the National Directorate of Employment (NDE), Oyo State, has kicked off the 2020 Sustainable Agricultural Development Training Scheme (SADTS). Speaking at the flag-off of the training scheme in Kosobo, Oyo East Local Government, Mrs Oluwatoyin Aiyelagbe, head of Small Scale Enterprise Department, who represented the state coordinator, NDE, Mrs Olayinka Olayemi, said the initiative was aimed at encouraging unemployed Nigerians to take up agriculture as a means of livelihood, thereby creating more jobs, ensuring food security and creating wealth. The state coordinator noted that under the leadership of the NDE Director-General, Dr Nasiru Ladan Argungu, SADTS scheme, formerly known as RADTS, has been successfully implemented in  the state due to the collaborative support of the various stakeholders such as federal, state and local government as well as philanthropists, seasoned experts, Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs), banks, among others. Similarly, the director, Rural Employment Promotion, NDE headquarters, Dr Mbata Michael, represented by Mrs Beatrice Oruoyehu, said SADTS was designed to ensure that agricultural production and distribution system provide more revenue from farm produce, better environment and improved quality of life for farmers. The director urged the beneficiaries to  engage their resource persons, especially in the area of exchanging ideas so as to get well-equipped with unquantifiable knowledge which he said, was vital in the value chain as well as addressing the impact of COVID-19 and rising unemployment rate in the country. The chairman of Oyo East Local Government, Saheed Adeyemi Arowosaye, who was represented by his secretary, Alhaji Mumini Owolabi, thanked the NDE for bringing the scheme to the local government and promised to give the beneficiaries the needed support. Also,the Head of Rural Employment Promotion department, Oyo NDE, Mr Kabir Adedoja, noted that the department had kick-started the training at the Agricultural Skills Acquisition Training Centre (ASTC), Onsa, Oyo and that 100 trainees drawn from the three senatorial districts in the state are beneficiaries at the end of the training and successful participants would be awarded certificates. He advised participants to seize the opportunity to acquire necessary agricultural skills which will be provided free by the Federal Government through NDE. The training, according to him, will consist three-month Agricbusiness tutorial/practical demonstration at the Directorate’s Agricultural Skills Training Centre, Onsa village, in vegetable and livestock production.  NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com