Governor of Osun State, Adegboyega Oyetola has asked the Nigerian Police to immediately investigate circumstances that led to the death of a youth allegedly being chased by the officers of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in Osogbo, the state capital on Tuesday. Tribune Online reports that the deceased’s vehicle was allegedly being chased by the SARS officers from the Osun Mall located at Fakunle area of Osogbo before their car crashed along Oba Adesoji Aderemi East-West Bypass. The vehicle, a Toyota Corolla Sports Car marked KUJ 533 LY, conveying four persons suspected by the operatives to b internet fraudsters skidded off Oba Adesoji Aderemi East-West Bypass expressway, Osogbo into a ditch. A development which made aggrieved youths vandalise a Toyota Hilux van belonging to the security operatives in front of a popular supermarket around Alekuwodo area. But the government said it was shocked at the tragedy and the disruption that followed the unfortunate incident. A statement signed by the state’s Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Funke Egbemode, said the governor was deeply disturbed by Tuesday evening’s sad events and had asked the State Command of the Nigerian Police to get to the bottom of the matter The statement said: “The tragic events that reportedly led to the death of one person on Tuesday evening was both sad and shocking and Governor Adegboyega Oyetola has ordered a full investigation into the circumstances that led to it all. “To the governor, all lives matter and nobody has a right under our laws to take a life summarily. While we appreciate the great job our law enforcement agencies are doing to keep Osun safe, the confusion and disruption to our peaceful state capital on Tuesday needs to be investigated “We hereby call on the Osun State Command of the Nigerian Police to launch a comprehensive investigation into this tragedy. “Meanwhile, the Governor has appealed to the families of the deceased and the injured not to take matters into their hands by hurting more people or destroying properties. We implore our citizens to trust the Government to get to the bottom of this sad occurrence. “Let us all go about our lives peacefully while we await the results of the investigation.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. Imported Poultry Foods Now Infected With COVID-19 ― Customs The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has put its officers stationed at all border points, airports and seaports on red alert, warning them to be extra vigilant over the importation of poultry products because some have been found to contain Covid-19. JUST IN: Emir Of Biu, Umar Mustapha Is Dead The Emir of Biu in Borno State, Mai Umar Mustapha Aliyu is dead. He died on Monday night at the Federal Medical Center Gombe after a brief illness. Osinbajo Departs Abuja For ECOWAS Extraordinary Summit In Accra Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will depart Abuja Tuesday for Accra, Ghana to attend an Extraordinary Summit of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on the situation in Mali. Edo: INEC Deploys Five Resident Electoral Commissioners Ahead of Saturday’s governorship election in Edo State, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has finally deployed five Residents Electoral Commissioners to the state to complement their counterpart, Mr Johnson Alalibo. | chased by SARS officers | chased by SARS officers | chased by SARS officers | chased by SARS officers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com