The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs. The state government which announced the closure through the state Ministry of Transportation, said motorists are expected to use the alternative routes during the three months that the repair will last. According to a statement on Friday evening by the state Commissioner for Transportation, Dr Frederick Olaseinde, on the Twitter handle of the state government @followlasg, vehicles coming from Maryland will be diverted at Odoyalaro into the service lane and the BRT corridor to link back the main carriageway at Ketu bus stop and Demurin junction. The closure, which is for motorists inbound Lagos, will last till the Christmas period while the state government has promised to ensure its traffic officials take care of the bottlenecks expected during the period. According to the statement: “The Lagos State government is set to commence the next phase of repairs from Ojota Interchange to Ojota Second Pedestrian Bridge and the service lane inbound Lagos, from Monday 21st of September, 2020 for a duration of three months. “According to a statement signed by the Commissioner for Transportation, Dr. Frederic Oladeinde, the entire length of the main carriageway will be closed for construction, advising motorists to utilise alternative routes suggested during the time stipulated for the repairs. “Vehicles coming from Maryland will be diverted at Odo Iya Alaro into the service lane and the BRT corridor to link back the main carriageway at Ketu bus stop and Demurin junction respectively. “Oladeinde gave an assurance that LASTMA and other law enforcement agencies will be available to direct traffic for free vehicular movement during the entire period of construction work. “While soliciting for the cooperation and support of residents and motorists that ply the axis, the Commissioner stated that the project is aimed at finding a lasting solution to the ever-busy road.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Minister commends NBMA on regulations for GMOs THE Minister of state in the Federal Ministry of environment Mrs. Sharon Ikeazor has commended the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) for its efforts in ensuring that the activities of modern Biotechnology and its products are properly regulated. Minister commends NBMA on regulations for GMOs  FG reiterates commitment to protection of schools The Federal Government has reiterated its commitment to the protection of schools and learning centres across the country from violence and all forms of attacks. Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu in a statement on Wednesday, commemorating the first International Day for the Protection of Education from Attack, stated that the protection of learners, teaching and non-teaching personnel, schools and learning centres from all forms of attacks was an obligation of government and all relevant stakeholders. FG reiterates commitment to protection of schools  Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com