Kwara State government has enrolled no fewer than 10,000 indigent residents of the state in the government’s health insurance scheme. Speaking at the official launch of “Go alive” (Access to care) of the Kwara State Health Insurance Agency in Ilorin on Friday, Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq said that the scheme is 100 per cent free, adding that the state had fully paid for the premium of the beneficiaries. “The launching today of this health insurance scheme is a direct response of the administration to the goal three of the SGDs which is access to good health and well-being. “We are starting this scheme by onboarding at least 10,000 indigents as a test run. These indigents have had their premium fully paid. This means the health insurance is 100 per cent free for the indigents. We hope to enrol many more indigents in the coming years. “I commend our partners for their support and the leadership and staff of the health sector in Kwara State for their hard work. I specifically commend the leadership of the Kwara State Health Insurance Agency for seeing this through. We are also proud of an administration to have made the necessary investments in that regard. “Health insurance scheme boosts the life expectancy of our people, promotes good health, and ultimately strengthens the economy. It has the potential to prevent families from a sudden fall into poverty as a result of an unforeseen health crisis. The insurance scheme takes care of basic health issues before they become complicated. Studies have shown that most of the health issues found in secondary and tertiary health institutions arose majorly because they were not tackled on time. “I, therefore, urge our compatriots in the formal and informal sectors — who are to pay a token as their own premium — to enrol in the scheme. It is cheap, affordable, accessible, and is supported by carefully selected functional facilities and committed medical experts in the state.” Earlier, Executive Secretary of the agency Dr.(Ms) Olubunmi Jetawo-Winter, hinted that affordable healthcare services of sufficient quantity and quality is the antidote to rising healthcare demands in the country. She added that “the launch of the scheme today provides one of the most sustainable and long-term solutions to address our existing and future health challenges. This scheme will make basic healthcare available and accessible to every inhabitant of the state irrespective of their socio-economic class.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Kwara govt enrols indigents Kwara govt enrols indigents E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… Kwara govt enrols indigents Kwara govt enrols indigents 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Kwara govt enrols indigents  Kwara govt enrols indigents FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY