Popular singer and son of legendary African jazz musician, Darey Art Alade, also known as Darey, has teamed up with reggae-dancehall artiste, Patoranking, on his new single entitled ‘Jojo’, as expectations continue to build over his forthcoming EP, ‘Way Home’. R gathered that the duo traded verses amidst high-energy percussion and spiritual flutes in the new work. The video, which was shot in Lagos, is pristine and tells a story of a post-lockdown world, a reality which humanity seems to long for. The video opens with Darey riding alongside Nigeria’s first all-female biker crew, Amazon Motorcycle Club/D’Angels and features dance moves, vibes and colourful outfits. The single marks Darey’s second single release, following last month’s ‘Jah Guide Me’, which has reportedly amassed over one million streams. Darey combines entrepreneurship with music. He is the co-founder of Livespot360, a 360º creative collective which organised last year’s Livespot X Festival, an event which was graced by American singer, Cardi B.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari
A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country… Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts
Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28… Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs was a serious financial burden on Nigerians… BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain
The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com