With a vow to fulfil all campaign promises, Edo State deputy governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu has commended Edo voters for turning out en masse to vote for the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Saturday’s governorship election in the state. Shuaibu said that it’s time for Edo people to come together and move the state forward. Shaibu who ran alongside Governor Godwin Obaseki spoke during a congratulatory visit by the state chapter of Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria (RTEAN) to the Government House in Benin. The deputy governor who dedicated the victory to God said that God’s purpose for Edo State must be accomplished. He said: “God’s purpose for Edo State must be achieved as God wants to make his words come to pass. Those things we have promised, with God on our side, we must definitely fulfil them. God will give us the power to achieve our dreams.” Shaibu said the victory is for all Edo people and urged them to collaborate with Governor Obaseki to ensure the actualisation of all programmes and policies of the government so as to improve the living standard of the people. He said: “We must enjoy the victory together as the victory is from God and all of us will enjoy the benefits of the victory, which is to make Edo move forward in terms of infrastructure, employment, economic development and make sure the good things we promised are accomplished. With God on our side, we shall achieve and accomplish them all.” The deputy governor continued: “Nobody can challenge our God. This election shows that no man is God. I thank all Edo people who made themselves available to ensure our reelection. We believe in God and not in anyone or man as the will of God for the state must be achieved. Edo State must move forward.” The vice-chairman of RTEAN, Comrade Charles Momoh assured the administration of more collaboration to ensure success in the realisation of all campaign promises.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Buhari Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Ghanaian President In Abuja President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday night met behind closed doors with President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana at the Presidential Villa, Abuja… [ICYMI] EdoDecides2020: How Battle Between Oshiomhole And Shaibu For Etsako West Ended Edo Deputy Governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu, battled his estranged godfather and former National Chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, for the soul of the Etsako West Local Government Area in the Saturday governorship election in the state… [ICYMI] EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… ICYMI: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com