THE National Agricultural Seeds Council (NASC), has said Nigeria has a vision to be recognised as Africa’s leading seed regulator, which has fostered the emergence of a globally competitive seed sector. Director General of NASC, Dr Philip Ojo, made this known at the inauguration of the Parastatal SERVICOM Unit and committee in Abuja. He noted that the inauguration is an added value to NASC laudable programmes and policies geared towards efficient service delivery. Dr Ojo explained that the Seed Council in realising the importance of efficient service delivery and its pivot role in the pursuant of its mandate would ensure that the parastatal SERVICOM unit provided the needed support required for their operation at all times. He added that NASC in full compliance with the executive order on ease of doing business, established some laudable projects such as launch of farmers helpline call centre, Standard Operating Procedures among others. He said a five years strategic and 2-year implementation plan that would give the NASC in executing its responsibility through efficient service delivery is currently being implemented.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…