iNCLUSION of young people in decision making, capacity building among young people for NDC Implementation, and recognising the role of technology in addressing climate change are three key outcomes of the British High Commission’s webinar engagement for climate action with Nigerian youths. This is according to the summary report on the webinar released recently by the high commission. In the month of August, the British High Commission in Nigeria organised a  webinar themed “Youth Engagement for Climate Action” to mark International Youth Day 2020 in cooperation with the Federal Ministry of Environment, UNDP-NDC Support Program and the Nigerian Conservation Foundation (NCF). This was done as part of a run-up to COP26 which the UK is hosting and in recognition of the key role that youth play in tackling climate change. The webinar featured a keynote address from Catriona Laing, British High Commissioner, a welcome address from Sean Melbourne, Head of Climate Change and Energy, West Africa, British High Commission. Remarks also came from  Saadatu Gambo of the Federal Ministry of Environment. According to the summary report, the following were the top three comments from the discussions and feedback during the webinar. First is the inclusion of young people in decision making. Although the  Federal Ministry of Environment has made effort to engage youths, however, many participants expressed the need for more inclusive youth participation in environmental decision making at different levels (national, state and local). They expressed interest to be involved in the formulation of documents (such as the NDC) and implementation of international agreements about environment and climate. Young people during the webinar said that they have not been able to build relationships with their State Ministries of Environment and Climate Change Desk Officers. “Developing competencies of subnational policymakers and public authorities is important to promote young people’s engagement in environmental decision making.” Second, is the capacity-building among young people for NDC Implementation. According to the report, “Nigeria indicated capacity building as a condition for implementing its NDC under the Paris Agreement. Young people’s capacity needs also have to be addressed for them to better understand the nature of the climate problem and improve their ability to formulate and implement actions to mitigate and adapt to climate change. “Nigerian youth as agents of change are increasingly concerned about environmental issues and during the webinar, they acknowledge the key role they can play in greening the economy.” Last is recognising the role of technology in addressing climate change.  Participants noted the need to promote technological innovation to address climate change. The summary report on the webinar was prepared by Adesuwa Obasuyi, Climate Change Policy Manager, British High Commission. The webinar featured presentations from five youth groups: Nasreen Al-amin of Resilient40, Chiagozie Udeh of YOUNGO, Olumide Idowu of International Climate Change Development Initiative. Others are Priscilla Offiong of Climate and Sustainable Development Network of Nigeria and Oghenechovwen Oghenekevwe from Nigerian Youth SDGs Network. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave?
The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria
THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari
EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com