The National Universities Commission (NUC) has said it is satisfied with the facilities put in place at the proposed Maryam Abacha American University of Nigeria, Kano, saying the establishment of more universities in the country will give citizens the opportunity to have access to qualitative education in the country. The Director, Public Affairs of NUC, Malam Ibrahim Usman Yakasai made the remark on Tuesday while speaking to newsmen shortly after the delegation from the commission conducted the last leg of the inspection of facilities at the proposed site of the Maryam Abacha American University located at Hotoro in Kano metropolis. According to him, “As you know when a proposed private university applies to us for a licence, we have to visit it to assess buildings and other facilities if it is ready for take-off. So, what we have seen here is satisfactory.” He said the NUC would continue to encourage the establishment of more private universities in the country as the existing number of both private and public universities were grossly inadequate to cater for the increasing number of candidates seeking admission to the university annually. Yakasai said the establishment of more universities in the country would give the citizens the opportunity to have access to qualitative education in the country. He said, “There are over two million candidates that try to gain admission to tertiary institutions in the country annually while the capacity of all the 177 universities does not exceed 500,000, hence the need for the establishment of more of such institutions in the country.” Also commenting, the former Deputy Governor of Kano State, Professor Hafizu Abubakar commended the proprietor of the Maryam Abacha American University, Professor Adamu Abubakar-Gwarzo for taking the bull by the horn. He said there was a need for wealthy citizens of Kano State to borrow a leaf from Abubakar-Gwarzo by establishing more universities in the state. “Five years ago, I had never imagined somebody from this part of the country would invest in education like what this young gentleman has done. “Look at Ogun State, as small as it is, it has 18 private universities. So we have taken up the challenge in order to move forward.” The NUC team had earlier paid a similar inspection visit to the proposed site of Maryam Abacha American University of Nigeria, Gwarzo, Kano State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune online Adimission Guide for 2020/21 accademic  session for confirmed  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:
Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is noted for academic excellence and Moral standard in the country. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com