At a time associations are being discouraged and helping people has been reduced to digital means, compere and mediapreneur, Nancy Ogbue, is taking charity to another dimension with her initiative to give kids in the streets access to quality education and exposing them to marketable platforms where they can learn entrepreneurial skills. For her, nothing in life matters than making life meaningful for the underprivileged ones, a calling she has remained truthful to over the years, hence her joy in taking street kids out of the street. Through her foundation, Street Aid Africa Foundation, scores of children have testified to the impact upon their lives as they now have access to free education and skills empowerment. Other programmes of the initiative include: feed the street, impact school outreach, voiceless conference for amplifying socially and sexually sensitive issues and pad drive for female adolescents. Ogbue, a nominee for SME 100 awards in the Media and Communications category, discloses to R that it is a dream come true for her to be putting smiles on the faces of numerous kids, many of whom had almost given up on life. The Talkademy alumna and event host, who convenes ‘Navigate with Nancy’, has seen her stock rise in recent weeks because of the high-profile events to her belt, including Guardian Leadership Summit 2020. She is seen in many quarters as a speaker and host who delivers thought-provoking speeches while sustaining the attention of her audience with comic reliefs. Her track record of working with entertainment brands, government institutions, religious organisations and businesses, notwithstanding her non-governmental initiative, has cast her as a model of sort to many youths and children who aspire to combine career with community development.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com