Ahead of Saturday’s governorship election in Edo State, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has finally deployed five Residents Electoral Commissioners to the state to complement their counterpart, Mr Johnson Alalibo. Tribune Online reports that the Secretary to the Commission, Rose Oriaran -Anthony in a memo dated September 7, 2020, directed Goshe Yilwalda, Abdullahi Ibrahim and Professor Riskuwa Sheu, Resident Electoral Commissioners of Benue, Bauchi and Kano States, respectively to report in Benin, Edo State capital for the governorship election. Also deployed to Edo State are Nwachukwu Orji and AbduGaniy Raji, sitting RECs in Anambra and Ogun States, respectively. The memo addressed to the affected RECs further read in part: ” The above REC is expected to report in Edo State by Thursday 10 September (eight days to the election) “The Finance and Accounts Department has been directed to compute and pay your Transport Allowance, accommodation and other allowances, accordingly. ” RECs are entitled to their Police Orderlies, Personal Assistants and drivers. ” Please, accept the assurances of the Commission’s warm regards always and stay safe. ” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com