The 36 state governors under the aegis of Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) will on Wednesday deliberate on the N1 billion Federal Government COVID-19 support approved for the 32 states at the 16th teleconference meeting since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country. The Forum’s meeting which is to be chaired by NGF Chairman, Governor Kayode Fayemi is also expected to consider the report on the Executive Order #10 will be given by the Vice Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Sokoto State, Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, according to the invitation sent to the governors by the NGF Director-General, Mr. Asishana Bayo Okauru. “The 16th NGF Teleconference Meeting is scheduled for tomorrow Wednesday, 2nd September 2020. “The governors will be discussing the CACOVID flag-off and distribution of palliatives which has been ongoing on geopolitical regional basis, the Basic Health Care Provision Fund (BHCPF) which approval has been secured and then get an update on the N100 million World Bank Support. “A N1 billion Federal Government COVID-19 support to 32 states which has also been finalized will make it to the governors’ discussion table just as a report on the Executive Order #10 will be given by the Vice Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Sokoto State, Rt Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal. “An award on wild polio which was given to the NGF during the weekend by Rotary International Polio Certification will feature, according to the invitation that was issued to governors by the Director-General of the NGF Mr Asishana Bayo Okauru. “For over two years the controversy surrounding stamp duty collections had gone full circle and is now back to the governors’ purview where the recovery and other legacy issues will be discussed by the governors with a view to working with a consortium of consultants. “As usual, Gov. Okowa’s Committee on PTF will give governors an update just as a presentation by the World Bank on the SFTAS and its new deadlines will seal the proceedings for the day,” the statement issued by the NGF Media office read.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’
The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report
BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year
The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… covid-19 support | covid-19 support | covid-19 support | covid-19 support FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.