AUTHORITIES of the Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State, have said they are aware of the directive by the state government for tertiary institutions in the state to resume from September 21, 2020, but that students should wait for a formal announcement from the school before returning to the campus. A statement by the Registrar, Mr Femi Ogunwomoju, on Monday, said: “This is to inform the general public that the management of Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU), Ago-Iwoye, has called on its students and visitors to the institution to await the formal announcement on the exact date for resumption of academic activities in the university.” The registrar said, “necessary actions and protocols are being taken to ensure the safe reopening of the university.” While acknowledging the government’s directive, Mr Ogunwomoju advised all stakeholders, most especially, parents/guardians and students, to be on the lookout for the formal announcement on resumption by the university. The registrar further assured that necessary actions and protocols are being taken to ensure the safe reopening of the university.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com