The Lagos State University (LASU), Ojo, has debunked a media report claiming that the management of the institution’s college of medicine (LASUCOM), Ikeja, deliberately threw out the property of its medical students from the hostels and left them in the open, saying the report was not true. The head of information and public relations of the university, Mr Ademola Adekoya, refuted the report in a statement on Wednesday. He said it was when LASUCOM wanted to carry out maintenance and renovation of some facilities including the hostels as part of preparations towards the resumption of students and other members of the college into a safe and conducive environment that it removed remnant items from rooms. According to him, while the college original directive was for all students to remove all their valuables from their hostels when they were going home for general schools closure because of COVID-19 pandemic, it still has to send messages again across to them when the lockdown was eased for those who might still have valuables behind to come for them to allow smooth renovation works in the hostels. ALSO READ: Enugu reopens schools in phases on Sept 28 He noted that majority of the students complied with the directive and went home with all their belongings while a few believed to have picked only what they considered valuables and left items such as plastic buckets, stoves and old clothes. He explained further that even at that, the college still gave another opportunity and with a deadline to those who might still have one useful item or the other in the hostel to come for them when the government eventually announced the reopening of schools. He said the message was with a clear explanation that all rooms must be emptied to be able to carry out proper renovation and paintings and that any item found in any of the rooms after the deadline would be considered not needed again by the owners. “Yet, some items which are mostly plastic buckets, stoves and old clothes were found during renovation in those rooms and they were packed together and covered with trampoline within the hostel premises. “So, it appears that it was when some students concerned removed the trampoline to search for their property that the picture posted with the story by the social media platform was taken,” Ademola said. While disclosing that every student is now to a room at the moment in the college and in a safe and healthy environment, he said LASU is not only committed to the welfare of its students, it would also continue to provide quality education to them. He, however, urged newsmen to always carry out proper investigations before going to press so as not to rubbish the good intention of any institution nor misinform the public as the social media platform concerned here according to him had done on the matter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com