The Enugu State Government has announced the re-opening of all primary and secondary schools in phases in the state, for 3rd term academic activities, on Monday, September 28, 2020. In a statement by the Commissioner for Education, Professor Uche Eze, the decision was reached “following the Enugu State Education sector stakeholders’ consensus and gracious approval of His Excellency the Governor”. Professor Eze pointed out that “it is important to note that necessary measures have been put in place in our schools for safe re-opening”. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: Why I didn’t pick Agboola Ajayi as running mate ― Jegede He added that “teachers/students/pupils are therefore requested to ensure that they abide by the approved guidelines on COVID-19”, stressing that “no person will be allowed into any school without appropriate facemask/shield”. According to the commissioner, “strong monitoring teams at state and Local Government Areas have been constituted to monitor compliance with the approved guidelines for the safety of all that operate in our schools”. He, therefore, noted that “Primary six and Junior Secondary three students have completed their examinations and are not expected to be back to school”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com