The 100level students of Lagos State University (LASU), Ojo, across disciplines will be returning to classrooms for academic activities on 11th of January, 2021. The students only had a few weeks of lectures before the outbreak of COVID-19 and the subsequent schools’ closure nationwide. The head of press and public affairs of the university, Mr Ademola Adekoya, made this disclosure on Friday while releasing the general guidelines for safe returning of activities in the university after six months of closure. He said, unlike 100 level students, those in their final year classes irrespective of course duration and the postgraduate students would resume first and that is next Monday, September 14th, while all others from 200 to 500 level are to resume on Monday, November 9th. He said even at that, classes would hold in a staggering manner. According to him, final year students would attend lectures only from 9:00 am to 3.00 pm daily Monday to Friday while the postgraduate students and those in the sandwich programme, part-time and diploma would attend lectures strictly on weekends. He noted that the staggering resumption is to effectively manage both students and members of staff as well as visitors when activities resume on campus, adding that the arrangement would give room for proper implementation of health and safety guidelines and protocols, especially the social\physical distancing to curb coronavirus spread. He said the university had already installed handwashing facilities and soaps at various points and provided hand sanitisers and isolation places in case of need, and also constituted a COVID-19 monitoring team to ensure safety compliance on campus. He said the wearing of a nose mask and staff identity card is mandatory for every student and member of staff to gain entry into the university and also while in the school. He said while all lecturers are expected to be at their duty posts from next Monday, only non- academic staff members from level 12 and those on essential services are to resume for now. He also said staff club and business centres would only operate at their minimal level. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…LASU 100 level students  LASU 100 level students COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…LASU 100level students  LASU 100level students Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…LASU 100level students  LASU 100level students SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com