Bauchi State Police Command, in its resolve in fighting crime and criminality, has arrested a suspected habitual criminal who specialises in snatching motor vehicles, an armed robbery suspect known as (‘Yan Leda) and a suspected rapist. A press release from the Command contained that on Sunday, a “joint task force operation drafted to Gwana village in Alkaleri L.G.A arrested one Isah Wada aged 28 years of Gobirawa village of the same LGA in possession of one fabricated SMG riffle, twelve live ammunition and three empty shells of the pistol.” The release signed by the PPRO, DSP Ahmed Wakili further contained that when interrogated he revealed that his gang has terrorised Duguri and Gwana carrying out different operators. The suspect also mentioned other suspects to include Manu, Nunnu and Dandaru as his team members who are now at large as they conspired among themselves and attacked Juji village and entered four different houses, threatened them with guns and collected money from innocent citizens. The PPRO added that investigation is in progress while effort has been intensified to arrest the fleeing suspects in order to make them face prosecution if found culpable. Also, on Sunday at about 0815hrs a “team of Policemen drafted to ECWA Gospel Church Rafin Zurfi attached to ‘E’ Division Bauchi arrested one Abdullahi Mohammed aged 35 years of Jeka da Fari, Gombe in the of act dismantling the key system of a Toyota Hilux white in colour with Registration No. BA-344-A01 attached to Government House Bauchi.” ICYMI: Buhari Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Ghanaian President In Abuja He was arrested in possession of three master keys and two Hilux keys, when interrogated the suspect confessed to have committed the crime just as he revealed that he is a professional snatcher and confessed to have snatched about eight motor-vehicles, four in Gombe, two Civic and two Toyota and four in Kaduna, two Toyota and two civic and sold them in the Niger Republic. The PPRO added that Investigation is in progress after which the suspect will be charged to court for prosecution. The Command also “on 20/09/2020 at about 1000 hrs, one Auwalu Isah of Nahuta village in Toro L.G.A went to the Police Station and reported that on 19/09/2020 at about 1400hrs, one Muhammed Dahiru aged 60 years of same address lured his daughter, one Aisha (not real name) aged 5 years into an uncompleted building in the same address owned by the suspect and forcefully ‘had carnal knowledge of her’ thereafter threatened to slaughter her if she discloses his identity. [ICYMI] EdoDecides2020: How Battle Between Oshiomhole And Shaibu For Etsako West Ended The complainant disclosed that they discovered that the victim sustained vagina injury and was bleeding. The release also contained that, Muhammed Dahiru then turned around in connivance with an Area Court official in Nahuta village and served the victim’s father a court summons for the case of defamation of character on Saturday. Upon receipt of the complain, a team of detectives was drafted to the scene while the victim was taken to General Hospital, Toro for medical care and the suspect was arrested. Ahmed Wakil stated that investigation is ongoing after which the suspect will be charged to court for prosecution. “Finally, members of the public are warned against taking laws into their hands and not to relent in providing useful information that may assist the Police in making the state safe and secured,” the release further contained. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com