A son of a retired Colonel of the Nigerian Army who was placed on the Wanted List of the United States’ Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), for internet scam has turned himself in at the office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The man, Felix Osilama Okpoh, the son of retired Colonel Garuba Okpoh, turned himself in at the Lagos zonal office of the commission in company of his parents on Friday, September 18. According to a statement by the anti-graft commission, Okpoh was placed on the Federal Bureau of Investigations list in a $6 million internet scam which he and others were said to have committed in 2019. Okpoh alongside Richard Izuchukwu Uzuh, Alex Afolabi Ogunshakin, Abiola Ayorinde Kayode and Nnamdi Orson Benson were declared wanted by the FBI in 2019 for their alleged involvement in a Business Email Compromise scheme that defrauded over 70 businesses in the United States of over $6m. The suspect allegedly provided over 40 bank accounts to his conspirators, which were used to receive fraudulent wire transfers from their victims totalling over $1m. He was on August 21, 2019 indicted in the United States District Court of Nebraska on charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud. However, Okpoh on Friday, September 18, 2020, turned himself in at the Lagos Zonal Office of the commission in company with his parents, Colonel Garuba Okpoh and Mrs Justina Okpoh. Okpoh during interrogation said he made the move to surrender himself to the EFCC out of respect he had for his parents and his resolve to be morally upright. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Dino Melaye’s Revelation: How I Was Scammed To Support Buhari, Join APC In 2015 Senator Dino Melaye, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), represented Kogi West senatorial district in the Eighth Assembly and until last November, in the 9th National Assembly speaks in this exclusive interview on the leadership of the National Assembly under Senator Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila, review of the Nigerian Constitution, how he was scammed to support Buhari in 2015 and why President Muhammadu Buhari will never agree to a workable constitution for the country… 22 Deregistered Political Parties In Bauchi Demand Reregistration By INEC Bauchi State chapters of the 22 political parties deregistered by INEC for what was described as lack of national spread and non-performance but ordered to be reregistered by the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division have called on the INEC and Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission (BASIEC) to as a matter of fairness include their names and logos on the ballot papers for future elections… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com