No fewer than 15 cows belonging to some Fulani herdsmen were struck dead by lightning on Saturday night at the outskirt of Ikogosi Ekiti community, Ekiti West Local Government Area of Ekiti State. The incident, according to Asaoye of Ikogosi, Chief Ayo Ademilua, was a natural occurrence, which he said was strange in the town. Speaking with journalists via telephone on Sunday, Ademilua revealed that the incident happened at the Ikogosi warm spring site along Ipole-Ekiti road. ALSO READ: Obaseki’s historic victory, lesson for godfathers ― PDP Ikogosi warm spring has been a notable recreational and tourist centre, where warm and cold spring converge. The Chief said the lightning was said to have struck during a torrential downpour that started around 4:00 pm and ended at 6:02 pm. “The whole town shook when the thunderstruck. Later, we saw some commuters coming into town and those returning home from their farms saw the Fulani herders who disclosed that it was the thunder that killed the cattle.” Also speaking on the novel incident, the Onikogosi of Ikogosi Ekiti, Oba Abiodun Olorunnisola alleged that the herders have been making spirited efforts to sell the cows to residents, describing this as dangerous to the health of his people. The monarch said he has reached out to his colleague at Ipole-Ekiti, Oba Oladele Babatola, on the the need to warn their subjects against consuming such a desecrated meat. “The two of us have alerted our subjects that there was an attempt to commence the sale of the cows and we are making concerted efforts to prevent the intending buyers,” he said. The monarch, however, called on the government to evacuate the carcasses of the cows to prevent the spread of communicable diseases in the two towns. The Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti Command, ASP Sunday Abutu said the incident has not been reported to the police, because it was a natural occurrence. “We have not been told, but if the owner of the cattle later realises that someone was responsible, he will report at the police station and we will surely rise to the occasion if such happens,” the PPRO said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt… Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com