Bolt, a leading on-demand transportation platform in Africa, has launched ‘Bolt Trip Protection’ to provide on-trip insurance for both drivers and passengers. The insurance cover, underwritten by AIICO Insurance Plc and in partnership with AutoGenius, aims to provide protection for riders and drivers’ throughout a trip. With the introduction of Bolt Trip Protection, Bolt riders and drivers across the 11 cities in Nigeria where Bolt is operational are insured against the event of an incident such as an accident. “At the heart of our mission to revolutionise the way people move in their cities is our desire to provide a safe community for both our drivers and passengers. This insurance cover will give both drivers and riders an even greater sense of security, confidence and assurance when they drive or ride with Bolt” said Femi Akin-Laguda, Country Manager at Bolt Nigeria. Bolt Trip Protection is now available by default on every trip, providing cover for emergency medical expenses, disability or even in the unlikely event of accidental death. This insurance is available and takes effect at no cost to either drivers or passengers and is available in all cities where Bolt operates across Nigeria. This initiative adds to Bolt’s growing list of safety tool kits for drivers and passengers. Earlier in the year, a safety campaign themed “Plate.Face.Share” reminding passengers to verify the details on the app against the driver’s identity was launched. Bolt’s ETA sharing function also allows passengers to share their journeys with loved ones while in transit. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com