All Progressives Congress (APC) voted in his hometown of Iyamho at about 12 noon., Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo State. It was a peaceful atmosphere as voters line up patiently to vote for the candidate of their choice. At Imiegba, Etsako East Local Government Area former House of Representatives member, Alhaji Abubakar Momoh who commended the exercise, however, faulted the card reader. Momoh, the Edo North director of mobilization for the APC said that voting materials came on time but for the card reader which malfunctioned. it was very smooth. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt…Oshiomhole votes  Oshiomhole votes Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…Oshiomhole votes  Oshiomhole votes Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja…Oshiomhole votes  Oshiomhole votes NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com