The Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria (ATCON) has reassured telecoms and Information and Communications Technology (ICT) consumers that its members are committed to the protection of their rights. Ajibola Olude, Executive Secretary, ATCON, gave this assurance during a webinar hosted by the National Human Rights Commission with the theme: ‘Consumer Protection Amidst the Pandemic: Business and Human Rights Implications’, in Lagos late last week. Speaking on the topic, ‘The Role of Telecommunications Companies on the Protection of Consumers’ Right,’ Olude said that protecting consumer rights and interest are the basis of telecoms’ companies existence. He added that consumers are the life blood of business and that they take them with all sense of seriousness. According to him, “Consumers are kings and our member companies will continue to treat them as kings. “Our members are working very hard to make sure that all telecoms consumers have value for every kobo spent on telecoms services. “Our members have been educating consumers on how they can use their data effectively. The more apps you have on your phone, the quicker your data will be consumed,” Olude said. The ATCON scribe further added that part of protection of consumers’ rights led to the development of the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation (NDPR) 2019, which stopped the unauthorised sharing of Nigerians’ data and protect Nigerians on the web. He recalled the strategic role ATCON played in terms of advocating for a liberalisation of the telecoms market, noting that the sector had played a very high and important contribution to the GDP of the country. Olude said that the advantages of the telecoms sector’s reforms have led to efficient and effective service delivery.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’
The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report
BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year
The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…