SOME prominent student associations in the country have commended President Muhammadu Buhari for reappointing the rector of the Federal Polytechnic, Bida (Bida Poly), Niger State, Dr. Abubakar Dzukogi, for a second term in office. Dr. Dzukogi will continue in office until 21st May, 2023. In a statement, the state chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) described the tenure extension as a welcome development, and a well deserved one, saying “the appointee has attracted to the polytechnic a lot of developmental projects that will stand the test of time.” The statement signed by the chairman of the state axis of the Joint Campus Committee, a wing of NANS, Hussaini Jamilu Ebbo, said “the rector’s development initiatives cut across infrastructure development, human capital development and research, and introduction of new courses previously lacking in the polytechnic.” “One crucial landmark achievement which no institution has done in the history of education in Nigeria is granting students loans through their respective union leaders to be able to pay school fees only to pay back at a later date,” Ebbo noted. In a related development, the Bida chapter of the National Association of Niger State Students (NANISS) has also expressed satisfaction with Dzukogi’s tenure extension, which it said was predicated on his achievements. In a statement signed by its president, Lukman Muhammad, the association assured the rector of its “unflinching support” so as to enable “rigorous implementation and execution of credible infrastructural and educational projects in the school.” On its part, the National Association of Polytechnics Students (NAPS) thanked President Muhammadu Buhari and the Federal Ministry of Education over the decision to allow the rector complete his tenure until 21st May, 2023. National president of the association, Olalere Benedict, in a statement said the extension was in recognition of the tremendous work the appointee had put in place in making the polytechnic a centre of excellence in higher learning in the country. “We are much delighted with the decision of the ministry on the reappointment of the rector and hereby pledge our unflinching support to every action that can turn around the fortunes of our polytechnics in particular and the educational sector in general,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections, saying it may impose travel restrictions on the perpetrators and prosecute them under international law. Presidency’s Reaction To Our Intervention Disappointing, Say Afenifere, NEF, Ohanaeze, PANDEF, MBF NIGERIAN leaders and elders under the aegis of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere; Northern Elders Forum (NEF); Ohanaeze Ndi’gbo, Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) and the Middle-Belt Forum (MBF), on Monday described as “deeply disappointing and worrying” the way the presidency chose to react to the pieces of advice offered by the groups and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on better ways to move the country forward. Soyinka Backs Obasanjo, Says Nigeria Now More Divided Under Buhari Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka has backed claims by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, saying Nigeria is presently more divided under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com