FARMERS in Lagos State have called on the state government to support them in the area of local maize production so that the idea of importing maize would be jettisoned. The farmers, while speaking through their representative, Chairman, All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Lagos State chapter, Femi Oke, criticised the recent maize importation approval issued to four companies, namely: Chi Farms Limited, Premier Feeds Company Limited, Crown Flour Mills Limited, and Wacot Limited. They further noted that there are series of inherent challenges bedeviling local maize production, and farmers needed support from the government to address the trend. The farmers further stressed that importation of the commodity would neither solve these challenges nor improve the important sub-sector of ther Nigerian agricultural value chain. Speaking on the development, Oke said that the challenges encountered with local maize production should be totally addressed. According to him, lifting the ban on maize importation would not solve the problems. “There are a lot of issues to be looked into concerning maize production. “These include lack of hybrid seeds, irrigation, poor storage system, diseases and pests, lack of machinery and transportation. “For Nigeria to meet her demand in maize production, things must change; we must support our farmers. “Maize is a major raw material; it constitutes between 50 percent and 70 percent of poultry feeds,’’ he said. The chairman noted that the association was fully in support of the ban and would prefer a solution to the problems, as opposed to lifting the ban. “The government must have seen that the country cannot meet up with demands from the farmers, thus the reason why the approval was given to the companies. “We support the ban on importation of maize; we want the ban to remain. “The government should look into this issue affecting production and assist farmers to overcome it,” the AFAN Chairman added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com