Benue State Government and stakeholders in Sankera axis area of the State rose from expanded security council meeting yesterday and said that they have accepted the killing of the State most wanted criminal, Terwase Akwaza aka Gana by the military as an act of God. Addressing newsmen after the meeting held at the new banquet hall of Government House, Makurdi, Governor Samuel Ortom said that the meeting resolved not to be confrontational and have resolved not to join issues with the military. It will be recalled that the Four Commander of Force Special Force, Major General Ali Gadzama had told journalists in Doma area of Nasarawa State that Gana was killed in a firefight with the military. Whereas, Governor Ortom had reported that Gana alongside other militias who have surrendered to accept amnesty program was arrested by the military at Yandev roundabout in Gboko that same day. But after the expanded security council meeting, Governor Ortom called on the military to release others arrested with Gana so as to continue with the amnesty program put in place by the State Government. He said that those who have accepted the amnesty would be given orientation and rehabilitate them. Ortom said, “Whatever has happened, we have to move forward, we can not bring back the dead, though, we are pained and we are waiting for more clarification on the killing. “We also resolved that the military should release the repentant militias arrested by the military so that they can continue with the amnesty program. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…We have accepted Gana’s killing  We have accepted Gana’s killing COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi
In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…We have accepted Gana’s killing  We have accepted Gana’s killing Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils
Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee.
Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…We have accepted Gana’s killing  We have accepted Gana’s killing SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com