An e-hailing app company, MyKab has commenced operations in Nigeria just as the country commemorates its 60th Independence Anniversary, E-hailing freelancer, ‘Wagbemiga Onifade, said the home-grown application has been put in place to meet the needs of all stakeholders, adding that “MyKab it is the answer to the agitations and groins of the operators of the e-hailing industry,” he said. Onifade added that: “MyKab is the solution to the myriads of problems facing the drivers who are the major stakeholders in the industry. “As a Nigerian company, the Management of MyKab understands the yearnings and aspirations of Nigerians in the e-hailing sector of the Nigerian economy. Because they have been here and saw the problems first-hand, they were able to build an indigenous app that meets the yearnings and aspirations of Nigerians.” While x-raying Nigeria’s transportation system which went through different stages of development, he said, “the different memories of the different stages of transformation in the transport sector tells the story of resilience and tenacity; values which stands out Nigerians wherever they find themselves. “With these transformational developments came the problems of the e-hailing sector. E-Hailing or Ride-Hailing was alien to the transport system in Nigeria prior to its advent in 2013. Ever since, transportation has taking a new shape in Nigeria.” The e-hailing app company will provide support to Nigerian drivers who at some point were at the mercy of the different foreign app companies who birthed the sector.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. PHOTOS: PDP Leaders From The North Hold Crucial Talks With Obasanjo, Babangida Some leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the Northern part of the country on Sunday evening held talks with former President Olusegun Obasanjo in Abeokuta, Ogun State, in what they called an advocacy visit to the former leader. ICYMI: Trump Paid Only 750 Dollars In Federal Income Tax In 2016 ― NY Times Donald Trump paid just 750 dollars in federal income tax in 2016, the year he won the US presidential election, the New York Times wrote in an explosive investigative report late Sunday. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!