NIGERIA’S Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), the government agency saddled with the responsibility of investigating air accidents and incidents in the country presently parades 36 trained air safety investigators. The Commissioner of the Bureau, Mr. Akin Olateru made this known during an interactive session otherwise known as ‘Gateway Forum’ with aviation journalists at the AIB Lagos office. According to Olateru, it has been a policy of the bureau to train professionals like mechanical engineers employed in the organization at the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT) on aircraft maintenance engineering programmes. His words: “Then, you will become a licensed aircraft engineer and from there, we will send you to Southern California Safety Institute in the United States for a two weeks course on accident investigation. Then, you go to Crankfield University for a six weeks programme on accident investigation. You will do the intermediate and the advanced courses and there are other courses, which come in between and make you a better investigator.” While emphasizing the importance of having a well trained crop of accident investigators, the AIB Chief cited the plan of the bureau to build a training school in Abuja. Dropping the hint that the resolve to build the training school had been approved by the Federal Executive Council (FEC), Olateru declared: “ In the wisdom of FEC, they approved AIB training school to be built in Abuja. The project is ongoing. That will save us all these US dollars we spend on training overseas. We too can train Africans, people from Europe on accident investigation and the auxiliary costs that go with it. We have drawn up a curriculum from Crankfield University, Singapore Training Institute and NCAT. So, we want to make it a world-class institution because we want to push this training through so that we can earn some good money from it for the country and save money as well”. The AIB Commissioner who described funding as one of the challenges confronting the bureau while the United Nations (UN) Charter forbids it from charging for services rendered, however hinted on the possibility of looking at areas it can generate additional funds from. His words: “Under the United Nations (UN) Charter, we cannot charge for our services, which is an accident investigation and it’s our core mandate. But, there is nothing stopping us from looking at other areas. I have made mention of the material science laboratory. We have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the University of Lagos, University of Ilorin and we are talking with a university in the United Kingdom on the things we need in this material science laboratory so that we can start earning money from it. “The training school is another way we want to earn money. Of course we as a responsible government agency, we are looking for a way and ways of improving our funding positions.” He however declared having such a science laboratory will not clash with the functions of the aviation college in Zaria saying: “First and foremost, we are doing this in conjunction with NCAT. We are not licensed to train, but NCAT is. We developed this curriculum together with great inputs from world-class institutions around the world, because this is new to NCAT as well. Once the training school is built, we will move in. We want to produce world-class training with what we are trying to achieve so that we can make the best from what we are trying to do.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com