Gunmen stormed Barakallahu community, a suburb of Kaduna metropolis and kidnapped four children of the same parents including their mother. A resident of the area, Hajiya Rabi told Tribune Online that the hoodlums came to the area 12 am on Friday morning. ‘We began to hear the sounds of gunshots. We couldn’t sleep any longer. We thought it was coming from the Airforce base. We were wondering what was amiss. However, she said, “the sounds of voices coming from the next street made us understand that something is definitely wrong. “Around 6 am when my husband went to the mosque, he was told that kidnappers had stormed the area and were moving from house to house. “Unfortunately, the hoodlums succeeded in kidnapping four children, she declared. A father of the kidnapped children, Abdulsalam Haruna who is a tailor disclosed in an interview that the kidnappers stormed his house around 1.30 am today (Friday) and abducted his four children and his wife. “The kidnappers took four of my children away. Four of my children and their mother. Two of the children are in university, one in secondary school and one in primary six. They also kidnapped their mother. According to him,’ the incident really beat his imagination as he could not imagine why the kidnappers would come to him being an ordinary tailor. “Am just an ordinary tailor that is working hard to fend for my family. Am not a rich man. I don’t have anything, he stressed. He gave the names of his children as Muhammad Mustapha Abdulsalam, Hauwa Abdulsalam, Muhammad Abdulsalam and Umm Hairi Abdulsalam, while the name of his wife is Hajara Abdulsalam. When contacted, the Police spokesman, ASP Muhammad Jalige said the police are on top of the situation. Kogi Govt Writes US, Protests Visa Ban Kogi State government has protested the recent visa ban imposed on politicians alleged to have rigged the November 2019 election…Gunmen kidnap family members Third Mainland Bridge Phase One Rehabilitation Almost Complete ― Controller The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Friday assured that Third Mainland Bridge repairs were progressing…Gunmen kidnap family members  Gunmen kidnap family members Ondo Amotekun Arrests 65 Cows, Herder Over Farm Destruction No fewer than 65 cows and the herdsman in charge, Adamu Adamu Yusuf , have been arrested by men of the Ondo State Security…Gunmen kidnap family members  Gunmen kidnap family members NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com