PUBLIC Relations practice in Nigeria may be wallowing in  the murky pool of inexperience,  if a recent report , which  described  over 70 per cent of its workforce, as having  less than five years on-the- job experience, is to go by. According to the annual PR Report, released by the Global Media and Public Relations agency, BlackHouse Media (BHM),  it has therefore become imperative for seasoned professionals and institutions, in the industry,  to begin to explore the idea of establishing teaching faculty in PR management, to stem the worrisome tide. The faculty, the Report believes, will be able  to equip new graduates seeking career opportunities in PR,  and  bridge the yawning gap such inexperience may cost the industry. Worthy of note, also, is the report’s claim  that 12% of Nigerian PR agencies have been in operation for five years, 19% have been in operations for more than 5 years and less than 10, whilst only 9% have been in operation for over 20 years. Another highlight of the report is the continued dominance of the masculine gender of the industry, with a record of 74 percent, with women constituting  a negligible  26 percent of the industry. Interestingly,  the relatively young agencies, within the age bracket of five years, seem to have a higher proportion of men, with women, comprising only 21 percent of women PR professionals. On the other hand, older agencies that have been practising for 11 to 20 years parade 44percent of women professionals as their staff. While the  report describes  such gender imbalance as ‘not  limited to Nigeria’, it however argues that having more women in the boardroom will improve profitability. Another not-too-pleasant scorecard of the industry, as presented in the report, is the claim that more than half of the nation’s PR agencies, 56 per cent to be precise,  report  revenues of less than N5 million (five million naira), though the report remains unclear of the period such revenues are generated. A major challenge facing the industry, as highlighted in the report, remains its inability to  attract and retain the ‘right talent’. The Founder and CEO of BHM, Ayeni Adekunle described the report as  capturing the volatile nature of the year for the PR industry. According to him, the Nigerian PR Report team hopes to create a standard global report that can easily be used for referencing details, instances and facts about the industry. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com