The lawmaker representing Anambra Central senatorial district in the National Assembly, Senator Uche Ekwunife, has decried the dilapidated state of the access road leading to the Federal College of Education (Technical) Umunze, Anambra State. He called for immediate reconstruction work to save staff and students from prolonged distress. Ekwunife, who is also the chairman, Senate Committee on Science and Technology, stated this when she unveiled 100 pieces of electronic tablets which she attracted to the college through the Nigeria Communication Commission (NCC) to boost e-learning. She explained that the project was part of efforts by the Federal Government to equip institutions with facilities necessary for a seamless migration to e-learning platform, which has become expedient due to the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic. The senator described the degraded road leading to the college as an eyesore that ridicules the image of the institution, the state and the federal government. She said the neglect of the road by both the state and federal government was regrettable and demanded an urgent intervention to remedy the situation. She commended the provost, Dr Tessy Okoli, for proving her capacity to pilot the affairs of the college effectively, and called for more participation of women in leadership positions. She said the involvement of women in key strategic leadership positions would go a long way to balance gender disparity, and as well bring in the required competence needed for efficient service delivery. Ekwunife, also promised to continue her support to the college and urged the provost and her management team not to rest on their oars in taking the institution to a higher height. Responding, Dr Okoli thanked the senator for providing quality representation of the state in the National Assembly. She further praised her as the only political figure from the state that has provided assistance to the college since her assumption of office two years ago. According to her, the electronic tablets would support the efforts of the college in digital learning and also complement the ongoing plans to start an Information and Communication Technology Academy in the college. The provost said various palliative works done on the college road to make it usable have often been washed away by seasonal flood. According to her, repeated appeals to the government for the reconstruction of the access road and internal network of roads in the college had not yielded the desired result. She expressed optimism that there would be positive outcome with the support of the senator and other well-meaning individuals from the state and beyond. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY