Justice N.C.S Ogbuanya of the National Industrial Court, Lagos Judicial Division, on Friday, gave an order of Interim Injunction restraining the entire state members of the Caretaker Committee of the Oyo State Chapter of the Nigerian Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) and the national headquarters of the association from conducting elections into various executive offices as scheduled to hold on Tuesday, September 22, 2020. Justice Ogbuanya held that the order was given because of the unlawful and unexplained exclusion of Comrade Hakeem Ojo Damilare Oyewo as a candidate for the Office of the State President, pending the hearing and determination of the Motion on Notice for Interlocutory Injunction filed contemporaneously. The court further ordered in the suit delineated NICN/LA/332/2020 that the enrolled Interim Order shall be served along with the court processes on the Caretaker Committee of the Oyo State Chapter of the Nigerian Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) and other respondents with a condition that Comrade Oyewo shall sign an Undertaking for Damages in the event that the Interim Order ought not to have been granted against the defendants. Comrade Oyewo had filed an Enrolment of Interim Order for a Motion Ex-Parte through his counsel, Bayo Oyedeji Esq on September 17 asking for a restraining order against nine people; Comrades Rufus Babalola Adeyemi, Lamidi Yunusa, Wasiu Olanipekun, Tosin Yinka Ogundiran, David Ayelagbe, Morufu Olapade and Basirat Oyeronke Abioye for themselves and representing the entire state members of the Caretaker Committee of the Oyo State Chapter of the Nigerian Union of Local Government Employees as well as the Nigerian Union of Local Government Employees, Oyo State Chapter and the national headquarters. ALSO READ: TRUE! Oxford University Press has made some books free for all online He had also asked for an Order of Interim Injunction restraining the defendants from holding the proposed 7th Quadrennial State Delegates Conference (SDC) NULGE, Oyo State scheduled to hold on September 22 and any other orders as the court may deem fit to make in the circumstance. The court after reading the affidavit in support of the Motion Ex-Parte and affidavit of urgency deposed by Comrade Oyewo himself had granted an order restraining the defendants from conducting elections into various state executive offices scheduled for September 22. Justice Ogbuanya had also ordered that the Enrolled Order together with other processes be served on the defendants for compliance and had fixed Wednesday, September 23, 2020, for further hearing on the matter. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com