Aviation unions have declared war on Arik Air management over unresolved conditions of service. In a statement jointly issued by the National Air Transport Employees (NUATE) and the Air Transport Services Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (ATSSSAN) titled ‘Notice Of Withdrawal Of Service’, the unions placed all the workers of Arik Air except pilots and engineers on notice to withdraw their services with effect from00hrs on 14th September 2020. According to the statement, the unions attributed their position to the continual decision of the Aril Air management to frustrated “our efforts to resolve the conditions of service negotiations as well as our demand for just and fair treatment for the workers during the COVID-19 period. “In response, wherefore, our unions have no choice than to reinstate the notice of withdrawal of services. “Accordingly, all Arik Air workers (other than pilots and engineers) are hereby directed to withdraw all services with effect from 00hrs on 14th September 2020 until the time issues states above are satisfactorily resolved.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…Aviation unions declare war Aviation unions declare war COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…Aviation unions declare war  Aviation unions declare war Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…Aviation unions declare war SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com