A Lokoja Chief Magistrate Court has adjourned to September 29, a case of alleged illegal and malicious disconnection of electricity supply against two staff of Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC), James Olayemi and Lameed Obadaki. The case which was first mentioned on July 28, was filed by Surveyor Dennis Osanwuta, a management staff of National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), Lokoja. When the case came up for hearing on Friday in Lokoja, Osanwuta under cross-examination by the private prosecution counsel, O.C. King Esq, said his house was razed down and property worth over N600 million lost to fire due to negligence of AEDC in 2014. He said that without asking for any form of compensation, he erected another house in its place adding that the new building was connected to the grid and the AEDC installed Maximum Demand Meter without explanation. According to him, the meter drew a monthly bill of between N275,000 and N130,000 representing over 400 per cent increase on his former bills before the inferno. Osanwuta said he felt that the bills were astronomical and outrageous and lodged a complaint with the company but efforts to get the bill reviewed failed. “The AEDC brought a bill of N275,000 to me for the month of February 2020 which I paid. Also in the month of March, the same company brought a bill of N130,000 which I paid even though the bills were in contention. “I was not owing AEDC a kobo when the duo of James Olayemi and Lameed Obadaki, without prior notice, went ahead to disconnect my light and all entreaties to restore supply failed,” he said. He told the court that after exploring all the processes involved to solve the matter amicably failed, he decided to seek justice through the law court. Osanwuta prayed to the Chief Magistrate Court to compel the defendants to reconnect his electricity prayed that AEDC should tender a letter of apology and pay for the illegal disconnection and the inconveniences caused him by the action of the defendants. The counsel to the defendants C.P. Ocheja while cross-examining the complainant said the 10 days notice of disconnection was boldly written on the AEDC bills, but Osanwuta “refused” to comply. He added that the refusal of the complainant to write an undertaken as instructed by the management of AEDC delayed the reconnection of his light. The Chief Magistrate Tanko Mohammed of Lokoja Chief Magistrate Court I, after listening carefully to the cross-examinations, adjourned the case to the 29th of September for further hearing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun
FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Kogi court adjourns case  Kogi court adjourns case E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper.
E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…Kogi court adjourns case 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna
Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Kogi court adjourns case  Kogi court adjourns case FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY