Following the threat by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) to resort to a nationwide strike to force the Federal Government to rescind its decision to hike pump price of premium motor spirit (PMS) and electricity prices in the country, the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) has concluded plans to hold an emergency meeting of all the governors with the view to avert the nationwide strike declared by the organised labour. According to a statement issued by NGF’s Head of Media and Public Affairs, Mr Abdulrazaque Bekko-Barkindo, the emergency meeting was aimed at seeking “ways of settling the rift and finding a mutually agreed soft landing on amicable grounds. “All governors are expected to attend the meeting as the matter is considered to be of urgent national importance, which needs to be quickly resolved in order not to worsen the already bad situation of Nigerians as caused by the coronavirus pandemic,” the DG of the Forum Mr Asishana Bayo Okauru said. “The meeting which is the first NGF emergency virtual teleconference starts at 6 pm,” the statement read. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com