The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and Nigeria Institute for Medical Research (NIMR) and their partners are conducting household surveys in four states in Nigeria between September and November to better understand the burden of COVID-19 infection in Nigeria. These seroprevalence surveys to be carried out in Gombe, Enugu, Nasarawa and Lagos States will provide the best evidence yet, on the extent of COVID-19 infection in Nigeria, including estimate the presence of antibodies in individuals who have had the disease. NCDC’s Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu and Director-General, NIMR, Professor Babatunde Salako in a release they co-signed, said the survey will help increase the current understanding of COVID-19 transmission patterns, the burden of infection in the population, and the age groups most affected as part of measures towards ending the pandemic. According to them, the survey to involve testing blood samples in randomly selected households in these selected states would also entail the household members answering a brief questionnaire, be tested for the presence of COVID-19 antibodies, as well as for acute COVID-19 if they consent. Participants in the survey, been funded by The United States Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (US-CDC) and the University College London (supported by Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation), they said will also have a rapid malaria test and receive treatment if the test is positive. They added: “The surveys will also estimate the proportion of people who have COVID-19 but are not showing any symptoms i.e. asymptomatic. Through this, the country can identify risk factors for infection and measure the transmission of COVID-19 within households. “By administering rapid malaria tests, the surveys will also assess malaria infections and their possible relationship to SARS-CoV-2 infection. The results from these surveys will inform the response to the COVID-19 outbreak in Nigeria.” While the preliminary results of the survey are expected to be released by December 2020, they assured of The Federal Ministry of Health as well as the PTF-COVID-19 commitment to strengthening Nigeria’s response to COVID-19 and controlling the outbreak.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Buhari Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Ghanaian President In Abuja President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday night met behind closed doors with President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana at the Presidential Villa, Abuja… MONDAY LINES: Tell Ize-Iyamu To Sue Oshiomhole Four years ago, philosophical Adams Oshiomhole invoked Godwin Obaseki’s first name against Osagie Ize-Iyamu’s chi. He said “you have heard from Godwin. Who says God must not win. Even death can’t say so. God must win. Let any man living raise his hands  and say, ‘No, God will not win.’ E no go finish? God must win.” He went further into the metaphysics of names and naming and warned that “when you are giving your pikin name, check am well well…” [ICYMI] EdoDecides2020: How Battle Between Oshiomhole And Shaibu For Etsako West Ended Edo Deputy Governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu, battled his estranged godfather and former National Chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, for the soul of the Etsako West Local Government Area in the Saturday governorship election in the state… [ICYMI] EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… ICYMI: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com