Award-winning singer, Akinyemi Samuel, popularly known as Psalm Ebube, has featured a fellow popular inspirational singer, Nosa, in his new work entitled ‘Stronger’. According to the musician, the new song is to render advocacy to suicide prevention, as the world appears to be shifting attention on how to prevent suicide, given recent economic struggles across the globe induced by the novel coronavirus. Psalm Ebube, who is a World Civility ambassador and national statesman for youth to ICN USA, said: “Remember this is the end-time, the devil is going to make life tough for young people and it’s time we made the call and it’s time for people to be strong. “Suicide is the result of a convergence of genetic, psychological, social and cultural and other risk factors, sometimes combined with experiences of trauma and loss, which is not surprising given the times we are in,” the singer added.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country… Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28… Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs was a serious financial burden on Nigerians… BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com