The All Progressives Congress (APC) is yet to react to the declaration of Governor Godwin Obaseki as the winner in last Saturday’s Edo State governorship election. Governor Godwin Obaseki who polled 307,955 votes bested the APC candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu Ize-Iyamu who scored 223,619 going by figures released by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Several attempts to speak with Ize-Iyamu on his mobile phone proved futile as it was switched off, while the chairman, Edo State APC Media Campaign Council, Prince John Mayaki, also refused to answer calls on his phone. Efforts to get the reaction of Mr Chris Azebawan, the state publicity secretary of APC following the declaration of Obaseki as the winner were futile as his number was engaged. However, an APC source who spoke shortly after Governor Obaseki was declared the winner by the Returning Officer, Professor Akpofure Rim-Rukeh, said that the APC will make its position known on Monday. The source who would not want his name in print disclosed that APC’s position on EDo election will be made known after a meeting by some top members in Benin City on Monday.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Natives Of Republic Of Benin Ruling Communities In Lagos —Head Of Makoko Community Before my emergence as the head of the Makoko community, truth is, Makoko was a haven for all manner of crimes. But when I was enthroned, I brought sanity to the community. I must say that the Lagos State government and politicians are culpable in whatever becomes of Makoko community today. They do more harm than good to the people at the grassroots. As you all know, Makoko is a community of people from diverse cultures in Nigeria among which we have foreigners, the Egun from the Republic of Benin… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com