The Governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, inspected two ongoing projects in the state, where he declared that the Alternative Projects Funding Approach (APFA) instituted by his administration remains the best to hasten infrastructural development. Governor Makinde, who inspected the ongoing construction of Ajia-Airport-New Ife Express Road and the remodelling of the Lekan Salami Sport Complex, Adamasingba, Ibadan, stated that the projects were going steadily. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Taiwo Adisa, quoted Makinde as saying that the two projects, which are being executed through the APFA funding pattern, were progressing according to expectation, adding that the APFA funding pattern remains the best. He commended the contractor for doing a good job, adding that he was satisfied with the quality and pace of work at the ongoing construction of Ajia-Airport-New Ife Express Road and the remodelling of the Lekan Salami Sports Complex, Adamasingba, Ibadan. The statement further quoted the governor as saying that the state government, as a result of the alternative project funding approach being used to execute the projects, has not spent any money on the two projects so far. It would be recalled that the governor kicked off the two projects awarded to Messrs Peculiar Ultimate Concerns Ltd, in August, with Governor Makinde reiterating the resolve of his administration to fix the infrastructure deficit in the state and expand its economy. ALSO READ: Oyo begins oral interview for 7,000 TESCOM applicants While speaking during the inspection of the projects, Governor Makinde said: “We got it right by the Alternative Project Funding Approach. The government has not paid a dime. We have issued the payment standing order, but we have not put in any money. We can see the extent of work that has been done. “So, I think we got it right with the APFA approach. I am satisfied with the pace of work and quality so far.” The inspection had in attendance the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Public Works, Transport and Infrastructure, Architect Adebowale Balogun; the Director of Highways of the Ministry, Engr. E.A. Akinpade and other government officials. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Makinde inspects road, stadium projects  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com