The Rural Electrification Agency (REA) on Monday, said the procurement processes for COVID-19 responses in isolation centres were in line with provisions of the Public Procurement Act, 2007 and Appropriation Act 2020. It said the respective Departments and officials of the agency acted in strict compliance with the provisions of relevant Laws. In a statement issued and signed by the Director of Promotions, Information and Outreach, Ayang Ogbe, REA reminded that President Muhammadu Buhari on March 29, 2020, in an address to the nation on national COVID-19 response exhorted public and private institutions as well as individuals to support government programmes in tackling the pandemic. In furtherance of this. “the Minister of Power, in a press release of March 31, 2020, conveyed, among others, the support of his ministry in facilitating reliable power and his directives for REA’s intervention in the response,” it added. The agency said in compliance with the directive, it began the process of procuring solar-hybrid power solutions for the NCDC Isolation and Treatment Centres at Yaba, Lagos, University of Abuja Teaching Hospital Gwagwalada in the Federal Capital Territory and the Ikene and Iberekodo centres in Ogun State. According to the agency, the Bureau of Public Procurement, because of peculiarities of the period, issued No-Objection certificates for the projects. ALSO READ: Crashed Quorum helicopter did not have fuel in its tank at the time of crash ― AIB “The REA adopted the Emergency Procurement Method. This is in line with Sections 42 and 43 of the Public Procurement Act, 2007. This process is in order and was upheld by the Bureau,” the statement read in part. While stressing that the procurement process was backed by cash releases from the government, it said no payment has been made to any of the contractors who executed the projects. It said the projects delivered, have added value and strengthened the country’s healthcare infrastructure beyond the current pandemic. Also, it added that as a result, the Minister of Finance, as well as the World Bank, have endorsed a process for the restructuring of components of the Nigeria Electrification Project (NEP) to deliver power to more frontline facilities of government across Federal and State levels using similar technology. It further revealed that a second phase of the programme will deliver electrification support for up to 400 primary health centres across the nation while serving an original purpose of NEP in delivering access and new connections in our rural communities. “The projects are designed with their long-term sustainability in mind and will be operated by the private sector with their investments to drive them,” it added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com