Prof. Adesegun Fatusi, Chairman, Ondo State Inter-ministerial Committee on COVID-19 said on Wednesday in Akure that the committee had released guidelines for the resumption of Junior Secondary School Three (JSS-3) students in the state. Fatusi announced this at a news briefing on Coronavirus. He explained that the JSS-3 students would resume according to a schedule, while the date for other classes would be announced later. According to him, schools will prepare with provisions that meet with public health guidelines against COVID-19, while relevant government agencies and teams will monitor the preparations between Sept.7 and Sept. 13. “From Sept.14 till Sept. 18th, there will be revision for the JSS-3 students, while their examinations will hold from Sept.19 till Oct. 4. ALSO READ: Nasarawa gov’s aide suspended by state assembly “The reopening of Schools is being carefully considered and a definite date will be announced at an appropriate date, based on the state of infection, reflections on national and global experiences, and due consultation with the government,’’ he said. The chairman also enjoined all political parties to adhere strictly to guidelines to prevent the spread of COVID-19 as part of their interest in ensuring the welfare and good state of health of the citizens. “Strict adherence to the preventive guidelines will also minimise the risk of endangering the health and lives of the people during political activities,” he added. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com