This country of ours has lost its reading culture. I’m sure I’m not the first to make that observation, in the 70s and early 80s, as secondary school students we were fully subscribed to reading for leisure and it was standard practice and peer competition to finish a novel within just one or two days. My favourite author was James Hadley Chase, his book that stands out in my mind is ‘The Evil Men Do Lives After Them,’ though the novel was pure fiction, to a large extent many of the stories and experiences shaped the lives of the reader for decades, perhaps because in reality they were a portrayal of life. Four decades later and the echoes of the past still ring true in 2020. A man that soils his hands in the murky waters of evil may have temporary reprieve that meets immediate contingency, but eventually those evil deeds of the past are bound to catch up with him. Some call it the law of karma while some think as you lay your bed so you lay on it. A man who was a full-time member of the House of Representatives between 2007 and 2011 was at the same time a full-time student at the Igbinedion University studying Law and went on to complete the full-time Law School programme, bore his call to the Nigerian Bar in 2010, simultaneously. Is it humanly possible to be full-time participant in two establishments at the same time, especially given that one is located in Abuja and the other in Edo State? This was in the past but is now affecting the future Emmanuel Oluwaseun, Ondo State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com