It is rightly said, “a penny saved is a penny earned”. After all, it is not how much you earn but the amount you are able to save that ultimately matters. Making smart investment choices is, thus,as essential as earning substantially. Retirement investments are all the more important as they serve as the building blocks for leading a comfortable and secure life as you age. Here is a closer look at the various reasons why you must seriously consider investing for your retirement days. Financial Independence You wouldn’t want to depend on your children for money as you grow old. You have been their pillar of strength ever since the beginning and would want them to look up to you even as you age rather than becoming a burden on them. Financial independence will not only fetch you respect but also keep your future secure. Freedom to Enjoy Life We have several retirement plans such as going on holidays with our spouse, pursuing our hobbies, creating a beautiful terrace garden and so on. You can fulfil all such wishes only if you have enough money. So, if you want to lead a happy and fulfilling life and check everything on your bucket list you need to make smart investments well in time. Support Your Kids As you retire, your children or grandchildren may be at an age where they might be trying to establish their business or planning to go for higher studies or the likes. A lot of money is required for such things. If you have enough savings you can support their dreams and help them get ahead in life. Increase in Average Life Expectancy This is yet another reason to invest for the future. The more you live the more money you shall require to meet your expenses year after year. You shall be able to live comfortably only if you have enough money. You would certainly not want to take up a job or start a business as you near your seventies, would you? Bear Medical Expenses Medical expenses can arise anytime unexpectedly. The elderly require more care and attention so as to recover from illnesses. Things can be taken care of efficiently only if one has enough money to spend on the medical requirements. A good medical cover along with smart investment that fetches good returns can be a great relief in such a scenario. Pension is not always Enough While you may be entitled to pension post your retirement, however, having an alternate source of money and some financial back up is always better especially when you stop working full time. There are many firms that help in choosing investment plans for retirement –retirementinvestments.com is one of them. Their qualified and experienced employees guide you at every step to ensure you make an apt investment decision based on your requirement and financial position. The professionals at such firms suggest investment options to their clients after seeking all the necessary information.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com