Lagos State government, on Monday, said it will establish a coconut processing factory in Badagry to further optimise the use of coconut and harness the economic potentials in the value chain. Lagos is the largest coconut producing state in Nigeria, contributing over 70 per cent to what the nation produced. The State Acting Commissioner for Agriculture, Ms Abisola Olusanya, disclosed this at the Year 2020 Coconut Day Celebration at Lagos Farm Centre, Agege, organised by the Lagos State Coconut Development Authority. According to her, the factory would be solely dedicated for the processing of coconut husk to coir, and coco peat, among others under a Public-Private Partnership (PPP) arrangement in the state’s Y2021 Annual Work Plan and Budget. The commissioner said these initiatives further reinforced the state’s position as the number one coconut producer in the country in addition to providing employment opportunities for the teeming citizens. Besides, she said the processing factory would also catalyze the entire industry as more people would come within the sub-sector and create more business opportunities in the value chain. “I believe Nigeria as a whole produces over 350,000 tonnes of coconut annually but it is far behind what the likes of the Philippines, Malaysia and other Asians countries are producing on an annual base. “We are very much far behind. To further optimize the use of coconut value chain, the state has proposed to establish a coconut factory in Badagry solely dedicated for the processing of coconut husk to coir, coco peat etc. under a PPP arrangement in her 2021 Annual Work Plan and Budget (AWPB). ALSO READ: DPR remits N673bn to FG’s coffers in 6 months “It is believed that with all these efforts, Lagos State will continue to be number one coconut producer in Nigeria. This will to a great extent provide jobs and employment for teeming citizens. “The support will also lead to various job creation in other areas aside from the above mentioned and contribute to export and foreign exchange earnings for Nigeria,” Olusanya said. The commissioner reiterated Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s commitment to adopting a much more robust food security strategy for the state next year, saying the theme of this year’s celebration “Coconut in the 21St Century Economy” was aimed at creating awareness for the promotion of production, processing, utilisation and commercialization of the coconut value chain. She said that the occasion takes into cognizance the fact that Nigeria ranks l8 among over 92 coconut producing countries of the world, of which Lagos State contributes about 70 per cent of the national production of coconut and its products. “Undoubtedly, Agriculture remains the fulcrum of human survival with majority of the resources donated by nature. As such, it is not an overstatement that the crop we are celebrating today is perhaps one of the most single useful crop known to man in terms of versatility, product utilization and longevity. “This occasion, therefore, serves as another timely wake up to go back to the basis and rekindle the interests and values of coconut and its plethora of products for social, environmental, economic and wellness advantages as seen to be practised and enjoyed sustainably by coconut driven economies. “Lagos has a comparative advantage for coconut production, processing, utilization and commercialization and as of today, remains the hub of coconut in Nigeria and all coconuts traversing the West Coast of Africa,” she said. Olusanya noted that the implementation of many initiatives in coconut sub-sector by the state government was to further bring awareness to the potentials in the coconut sub-sector of Agriculture that has not been fully tapped. She congratulated all the coconut value chain actors and assured them of continuous government’s support in providing an enabling environment to unleash potentials of the wonder crop to an enviable level. “I strongly advise actors in this value chain to make optimal use of the opportunities of this year’s commemoration of World Coconut Day to network, share information and diversify innovation among others in order to better their lots. “The government alone cannot drive the initiative, therefore, more investors are invited to partner with the state government by investing in the sub-sector to ensure sustainable job creation and food security. The development of the state can only be achieved if all hands are on deck,” she added. In his presentation, Dr Joshua Odewale of the Nigeria Institute for Oil Palm Research (NIFOR), Benin City, Edo State, urged the government to set up an endowment fund for coconut and coconut products national consumption and export for about 20 years, noting that the Philippines set a 25-year endowment fund goal. He said there was a need for government to take coconut as a personal crop with focus on development for enhancement of survival as if there was an international lockdown restriction on the importation of any coconut product both secondary and downstream products. Odewale made the recommendations in his presentation titled theme: “Coconut in the 21st Century Economy.” He said the government must know the crop and identify the genuine stakeholders in the coconut industry as well as identify the secondary industry product need of the industry. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Lagos to establish coconut factory Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Lagos to establish coconut factory FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY