As part of its move to return peace in its polarised state chapters, the troubleshooting team of the All Progressives Congress on Thursday met in Abuja with chieftains of the party in Oyo State. A statement by the National Publicity Secretary of the APC, Yekini Nabena revealed that the meeting which took place at the Plateau State Government Lodge was at the instance of the Jigawa State Governor and Chairman of the Reconciliation Committee, Abubakar Badaru. The statement further disclosed that APC chieftains in attendance were former governor of Oyo State, Otunba Adebayo Alao Akala; former Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Otunba Alake Adeyemo; former Minister of Communication, Barrister AbdulRaheem Adebayo Shittu; Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Sunday Dare; Alhaji Fatai Ibikunle; Senator Ayo Adeseun; Senator Rilwan Adesoji Akanbi; Senator Olufemi Lanleyin; Senator Teslim Folarin; Senator Fatai Buhari; Chief Akin Oke; Alhaji Olaiya; Hon Bimbo Kolade; Honourable Shina Peller; Honourable Bimbo Kolade; Dr. Yinus Akintunde; Chief Bayo Adelabu; Mr. Joseph Tegbe; Mr. Zacchaeus Adedeji and Honourable Segun Odebunmi. According to the statement, “all the leaders and stakeholders pledged to work together in ensuring APC is a strong and formidable party in Oyo State.” Investigation revealed that the Chairman of the APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee and Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni recently inaugurated the reconciliation committee in line with its mandate to achieve peacebuilding, true reconciliation and to give every member a sense of fairness and belonging. Further checks by Tribune Online revealed that the Minister of Youth and Sports, Honourable Sunday Dare recently met with certain chieftains of the party in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital to complement the reconciliation drive of the party national secretariat. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…APC Caretaker committee APC Caretaker committee COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…APC Caretaker committee  APC Caretaker committee Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…APC Caretaker committee  APC Caretaker committee SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com