The National Directorate of Employment (NDE) on Wednesday said that 400 unemployed residents in Bayelsa had been chosen to take part in entrepreneurial training under its Basic National Open Apprenticeship Scheme (BNOAS). Dr Nasiru Argungu, Director-General of NDE, told the beneficiaries during an orientation ceremony in Yenagoa that the programme was part of the Federal Government’s plan to lift 100 million Nigerians out of poverty. Argungu, who was represented by State Coordinator for NDE in Bayelsa, Mr Aham Osuchukwu, said that the 400 beneficiaries would undergo training on 11 skills. He listed the areas as Computer Appreciation, Hair Dressing, Aluminium Fabrication, Catering, Interior Decoration, Fashion Design, Welding and Fabrication, Video Coverage and Photography, Makeover, Dish Installation and Electrical Installation. The director advised the beneficiaries, who were shortlisted out of numerous job seekers, to utilise the opportunity to acquire the relevant skills to enable them to be self-reliant and create jobs for others. “You will recall the pledge by President Muhammadu Buhari to lift 100 million Nigerians out of poverty in 10 years. This programme is a component of it. By going through this training, you can take your destiny in your hands and harness abundant opportunities in the informal sector. ALSO READ: Paris explosion caused by operational Rafale jet, not bomb “The NDE is tackling unemployment by creating opportunities for the unemployed to acquire skills and we enjoin the unemployed to visit the NDE job centres and select from the array of available schemes. “It is no longer fashionable to say I don’t have a job. The fashionable saying now is, if you don’t have a job, create a legal one. We cater for every calibre of persons in the society from the vulnerable to the retiree. “I admonish you to channel your youthful energy towards skills acquisition and become proficient in your chosen field, rather than roaming endlessly for elusive jobs. An idle mind and hand is the devil’s instrument for the creation of chaos in the society,” he said. Argungu called on other tiers of government, philanthropists and corporate organisations to partner the NDE in the task of reducing unemployment and thanked the Bayelsa government for providing an enabling environment for NDE scheme to thrive in the state. James Ibid, one of the beneficiaries who spoke on behalf of others, applauded the government for the scheme and pledged to make good use of the opportunity. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mr Jordan Awudu, who represented the Commissioner for Youth and Sport, Mr Daniel Igali, advised the beneficiaries to be obedient to their trainers and humble, to learn during the programme. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com