As governorship elections coming up in Edo and Ondo States on September 19 and October 10, 2020, respectively, the electorate, contestants security men and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), which is the umpire, should make sure that the elections should be devoid of rancour, manipulations, disharmony, thuggery, rigging, votes buying and selling, disorderliness, criminality and extrajudicial killings, with only the right candidates voted into offices. Therefore, we can ask God for free and fair elections in our fledgeling democracy, where, by the influence of God’s spirit, people will vote with a conscience, and their votes will count indeed. We can pray that our politicians and all those vying for political offices will be inspired and driven by the joy and dignity of services and not by personal benefits. Let us pray for those responsible for the conduct of the elections, such that they will be motivated to do what is right. That way, righteousness will rule men’s heart, and no one will want to cheat, steal or kill to gain political power in Nigeria. According to the Holy Bible, when the right people are voted into office, there will be joy and prosperity in the land. But when the wrong people are in power, there’s a hardship, and everyone groans, (Proverbs 29:2.) As we are preparing for the elections in Edo and Ondo states, we should make it a point of duty that only the right candidates that will function in the will of God- will be voted into office. We need to play politics with maturity and according to the rules in order to sustain our democracy. Politics is not a do-or-die affair. Evang. Akin Enikuomehin, akineni@yahoo.com. UNILAG Leadership Crisis: Justice Will Be Served ― FG • As visitation panel submits report THE Federal Government has received the report of the Special Presidential Visitation panel set up to probe the leadership crisis rocking the University of Lagos…Don’t heat the polity  Don’t heat the polity Nigeria’s Challenges Surmountable ― FG THE Federal Government has urged Nigerians to develop a positive outlook as concerted efforts are being made to overcome the current security…Don’t heat the polity  Don’t heat the polity Obaseki Hails Buhari’s Call For Peaceful, Transparent Edo Governorship Election Gov Godwin Obaseki of Edo says President Muhammadu Buhari’s call for a peaceful and credible governorship election…Don’t heat the polity  Don’t heat the polity NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com