The father of Microsoft (MSFT) co-founder Bill Gates died Monday, according to his son. William Henry Gates II was 94 years old. “We have all had a long time to reflect on just how lucky we are to have had this amazing man in our lives for so many years,” Bill Gates wrote on his official blog, according to CNN Business. The elder Gates was an Army veteran and a founding partner in a Seattle law firm, according to his official biography. Bill Gates said his father was critical in starting the charitable organisation that has been Gates’ central focus since he stepped away from running Microsoft. “The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation would not be what it is today without my dad,” Gates said. Bill Gates’ father served as co-chair of the foundation, which started in 2000. The family statement does not give a cause of death but says William Gates II had been in declining health. “People used to ask my dad if he was the real Bill Gates,” the tech magnate wrote. “The truth is, he was everything I try to be.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. Imported Poultry Foods Now Infected With COVID-19 ― Customs The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has put its officers stationed at all border points, airports and seaports on red alert, warning them to be extra vigilant over the importation of poultry products because some have been found to contain Covid-19. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com