The Delta Government has sanctioned 41 teachers for examination malpractice during the 2019 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). This is contained in a statement by Mr Patrick Ukah, Commissioner for Basic and Secondary Education. Ukah said that the decisions were based on the recommendations by the Examination Ethics Disciplinary Committee of the state. He said: ”they are to suffer deferment of promotion by one year and banned from the supervision of any school examination for a period of three years. “I have directed the Post Primary Education Board (PPEB) to implement the deferment of promotions by one year for the 41 affected teachers. ALSO READ: CBN beams searchlight on individuals, companies over forex malpractices “While others are being sanctioned, P.O. Okolo, is to be given a letter of commendation for a job well done during the examination. “The principals and examination officers of 13 public secondary schools and one private secondary school indicted for examination malpractice are to be issued with letters of warning by PPEB to desist from acts of negligence,” he said. Ukah also approved Anointed Secondary School, Ubogo, Udu Local Government Area, which was closed down last year for examination malpractice be issued a warning letter and allowed to reopen to give the school a second chance to abide by laid down examination ethics. “Mary Mount College, Boji-Boji Owa, was found guilty of examination malpractice and fined N100,000:00 as a penalty to act as a deterrent to other schools. NAN reports that the Examination Ethics Disciplinary Committee, headed by the Permanent Secretary in the ministry, Sam Dietake. Other representatives are the PPEB, Ministry of Justice, Nigeria Union of Teachers, All Nigeria Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools, Association of Private School Owners of Nigeria, National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools and other officials of the ministry. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. teachers The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas. teachers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com