THE Trade Union Congress of Nigeria (TUC) has congratulated Dr. Akinwumi Adesina on his re-election as African Development Bank (AfDB) president, declaring that people in authority, especially in Nigeria have many things to learn from the good qualities of Dr. Adesina. President of TUC, Comrade Quadri Olaleye, said the Congress was particularly overjoyed with the report of the investigation panel that states that “Adesina was cleared of all controversial corruption charges after facing questions from a panel on the affairs of AfDB, hence, he was returned unopposed.” He said: “As an organisation concerned and  interested in good governance, there are many lessons people in authority especially in Nigeria must learn from the good qualities of Dr. Adesina. “Here is a man that understands his duty and is committed to doing it. As an ex-minister, he left a mark in the  sector he supervised. As a man of excellence whatever he touches he transforms, he does it with an acute sense of duty and commitment. His rare qualities are lacking in most people in government in Nigeria, nay Africa today.” The Congress, however, advised Dr. Adesina to be cautious of the fake whistleblowers around, adding, “of course, it will be unwise to think that people who occupy such positions should not have enemies. It is obvious the smoke came from within; that is not to say he should start making enemies instead of doing his duties.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’
The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report
BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year
The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… AfDB election | AfDB election | AfDB election | AfDB election