The Nigerian Communication Satellite is successfully utilising its L-band/ SBAS payload as the backbone in a partnership between NIGCOMSAT Ltd, Thales Alenia Space and the Agency for Air Navigation Safety in Africa, and Madagascar, ASCENA to provide a Satellite-Based Augmentation System (SBAS) that broadcasts signals over Africa and the Indian Ocean (AFI) region. The target is to provide the first SBAS open service in this part of the world on NigComSat-1R satellite, a communications satellite managed and operated by NIGCOMSAT Ltd under the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy of Nigeria. The open service is provided as part of the ‘SBAS for Africa and Indian Ocean’ program which pursues the autonomous provision over the continent of SBAS services to augment the performances of the satellite navigation constellations GPS and Galileo. The system prototype uses a reference stations network, the SAGAIE network deployed by CNES (National Centre for Space Studies, France) and ASCENA with the support of Thale Alenia Space. ALSO READ: Ebonyi govt lifts restrictions on burials, religious activities, others The signal is broadcast via the SBAS payload on NigComSat-1R and uplink station in Abuja (Nigeria). It is compliant with the standards and recommended practices of the International Civil Aviation Organisation and the Minimum Operational Performance Standard developed by the Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics (RTCA) organization. It will be visible in the whole of Africa and the Indian Ocean up to the West Australia coast and also in Europe. Dr Abimbola Alale, Managing Director/CEO, NIGCOMSAT Ltd said: “We are proud to be part of this ambitious program to provide satellite navigation services in the African and Indian Ocean region. The use of our geostationary communication satellite, NigComSat-1R navigation payload to broadcast the first signal will be Africa’s premier communications satellite contribution to SBAS as a regional satellite-based augmentation system for the continent.” SBAS Project Manager, Dr Lasisi Salami Lawal said that the development will improve GPS accuracy to within a meter and boost integrity, availability, and continuity of safety-related applications. According to Dr Lawal, the SBAS services will improve flight safety and efficiency in Africa, as well as support safety and commercial applications related to land, sea, and rail transportation which are beneficial to the economy. The project manager further noted that the open service is essentially aimed at carrying out technical trials as well as partnering with airlines, field demonstrations for aircraft and rotorcraft, to demonstrate the benefits of the future operational safety-of-life SBAS services expected from 2024. It is expected to include Precise Point Positioning (PPP) and emergency warning service to populations, which performance will be proven through demonstrations. “The signal-in-space is generated by a dedicated system tested and developed as part of the SBAS for Africa and Indian Ocean preliminary design phase, which is financed by the European Union and awarded to Thales Alenia Space, a joint venture between Thales (67%) and Leonardo (33%). The SBAS for Africa and the Indian Ocean is based on the European EGNOS developed by the European Space Agency (ESA) acting under the delegation of the European Commission and operated by the European GNSS Agency GSA, he added. The development according to the satellite company will leverage on the Nigeria digital policy as led by Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim which among other things emphasized the implementation of the regional satellite-based augmentation system. The SBAS service, which is one of the several socio-economic derivatives of NigComSat-1R, is expected to grow the GDP and value proposition not only in the communications sector but also in aviation, maritime, rail transport, precision agriculture, survey, oil and gas, the security of strategic national infrastructure and mass-market applications for sustainable development within and beyond Nigerian shores. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt… Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com