Two brothers of the same parents who are also undergraduates have been arrested by operatives of the Anambra State Police Command for allegedly stealing 33 wristwatches, 14 necklaces and the sum of N37,000 inside a jewellery shop after tying the sales girl. The two brothers, Chigozie Simon aged 21 and Onwuka Simon, aged 23 years, who are also undergraduates at the Paul University and University of Nigeria Nsukka (UNN), were arrested around 9.00 a.m. on Tuesday by police operatives attached to B’Division, Awka, the state capital. According to the state police command’s Public Relations Officer, Haruna Muhammed, a Superintendent of Police, in a statement, the two brothers allegedly entered a jewellery shop at Tempsite, Awka, tied the salesgirl and covered her mouth with sellotape. The statement added that the brothers also threatened to stab the salesgirl on her neck if she screamed and thereafter carted away 33 wristwatches, 14 necklaces valued at over N300,000 and cash sum of N37,000. It was also gathered that as the brothers were escaping, the salesgirl was able to remove the tape from her mouth and raised the alarm which led to the arrest of the suspects after a hot chase. According to the statement, exhibits recovered in their possessions included 33 wristwatches, 14 necklaces, N37,000 and a wrap of dried leave suspected to be Indian following a search at their residence. The statement added: “Suspects voluntarily confessed to the crime and investigation is ongoing after which they would be brought to book.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com