Against continued agitation by stakeholders for school reopening in Kwara State, the state government, on Monday, commenced modalities and strategic process to be used to open schools in the state. Speaking at a training programme and meeting with education stakeholders in Ilorin, the state commissioner for Tertiary Education, Science and Technology, Hajiya Sa’adatu Modibbo Kawu, however, said that, “for us, it’s safety first.” “This is one of the processes towards reopening of our institutions. After this training and meeting with stakeholders, we’ll visit all state-owned institutions and a few of private institutions and advancement centres just to ascertain and ensure that welfare of our students and the staff are protected and to ensure that protocols and measures have been put in place in all the places. The good news is that, in our institutions, we already have technical committees and members would be trained here too to know all that’s needed to be done in their campuses before our visitation. When we do all that, we’ll be sure of the date for eventual reopening of schools,” she said. The commissioner, who said that the state government is aware that continued closure of schools has disrupted academic calendar and period students are expected to spend in school, added that the circumstances that led to the closure as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic are beyond human control globally. ALSO READ: It is difficult to explain how APC lost Edo election ― El-Rufai “It has also made some people lose their means of livelihood, especially the private institutions, as many of the proprietors could not continue to pay the salary of their employees due to lack of inflow of income,” she said, commending Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq’s intervention at paying salaries of staff in state-owned institutions. The governor’s aide, who said that there will be no increment in the tuition fees or any other fees in state-owned institutions when school reopens for the new academic session, added that the Kwara government would not allow students to be extorted. “The welfare of the staff and all students means a lot to us. We know and do feel what the whole world is feeling as a result of the global economic crisis. So, be rest assured that no naira will be added and no hidden charges. If there is any, please let us know,” she said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com