The National Orientation Agency (NOA), has called on Nigerians to respect the national symbols as the country celebrates the National Ordinance Day. The Director-General of NOA, Dr Garba Abari, made the call while briefing journalists in preparation to mark this year’s ordinance day, with the theme: “One Nation Project” organised by NOA in partnership with the Effects Best Perfect Solutions (EBPS). He said, “One Nation Project’ to mobilise Nigerians to place national interest above personal and regional interests. “The project which forms part of activities to mark the 60” Independence Anniversary of the nation, will commence with the September 16 Ordinance Day celebration. “We should remember that these symbols of national unity are the product of well-thought values by our leaders and nationalist who gave us freedom, liberty and pride. “As a generation, it is our mandate to continue to protect and nurture those values of freedom that were bequeathed on us. “The One Nation Project is centred around the Nigerian flag as rallying and unifying symbols to reignite citizens’ passion for the country at such a time when most Nigerians are turning towards their ethnic and religious inclinations more than the corporate existence of the country. “The project will among other things, feature two major aspects a national tour of the Nigerian flag across the six geo-political zones of the country,” he said. While speaking, the managing director of Effects Best Perfect Solution, Mr Adeleke Ajayi, said that during the “Tour De Flag” the campaign will be transported by the various celebrities and ambassadors representing their regions to champion national unity and pride that are associated with the flag. He urged Nigerians to respect the ethnic of National symbols to protect the country’s values.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com