A  Kaduna State High court has dismissed the motion of no-case submission filed by the spiritual leader of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria(IMN), Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenatu. The duo is standing trial of unlawful assembly and disruption of the public peace, among others charges. El-Zakzaky and his wife were brought to the court amidst tight security on Tuesday morning. The IMN leader had asked the court to drop the charges against them by the Kaduna State government for lack of evidence. During the sitting, their counsel, Abubakar Marshall, holding the briefs for the lead counsel, Femi Falana, had asked the court to drop their charges for want of evidence. However, the Prosecution Counsel, Dari Bayero also argued that the IMN leader had a case. In his ruling, Justice Gideon Kurada dismissed their plea and insisted that the spiritual leader and his wife, Zeenat have a case to answer. He, therefore, ruled for the continuation of the trial. The case has been adjourned to 18 and 18th and 19th for trial. It would be recalled, that El-Zakzaky and his wife were arrested and detained since December 2015 following a bloody clash between IMN members and the  Army in Zaria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com