All is now set for the premiere and release of a video from the stable of Ibadan-based broadcaster and actor, Dr Bayo Faleke, popularly known as Bayo ooo. The video, titled: “Epistle to ‘Baba Mai Gaskiya’ is scheduled to be premiered online @TvAfrikana, Kaakaki Radio, Facebook and YouTube channel on Wednesday, 30th September, while it would be officially presented to the public on Thursday, October 1st which coincides with the 60th independence anniversary celebration of Nigeria. According to Faleke, who authored the book: Dilemmas of a country and currently works as the Marketing Manager and broadcaster at Fresh FM, Ibadan, the video, ‘Epistle to Baba Mai Gaskiya’ promises to be a blockbuster, just like he has done in previous ones such as National Cake (1&2) and the Banana Republic which enjoyed wide national and international acceptance. The video’s official presentation to the public billed to hold at Ayefele Music House, Ibadan, is expected to have the creme de la creme in the society from within, Ibadan, Oyo State and Nigeria as a whole in attendance, while the Chairman, Fresh Fm, Dr Yinka Ayefele, would be the chief host.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Bayo Faleke Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com