Information sharing via the internet has unleashed a whole new playing field for businesses. Leaders have had to begin working on different skills for a few years, but 2020 has pushed the envelope and created a definitive mandate for the shift to happen or else fail. The challenge is less about learning something completely new and more about leaders giving themselves permission to embrace a different way of leading. This requires letting go of the way things were and opening ourselves up to aspects of leadership and being human that we’ve been trained to avoid at all costs. These skills include a combination of the tangible skills and new mindsets. The tangible skills to focus on include: Imagining the future – Imagination is not just for the kids. Somewhere along the line we were told that daydreaming and conjuring up ‘out there’ ideas was an act of immaturity. As we grew up, we were conditioned to control vs. invent. But in a world where innovation is the lifeblood of any business, this is clearly a faulty way of thinking. Remember that imagining the future is different than simply thinking about the problems you will solve after today. That’s just evaluating the past and present and putting together a things-to-do list with deadlines. That’s not the same as creating something that doesn’t exist yet. Imagination starts with desire. What do you want? Start working out this part of your brain by asking yourself what you want to do every morning. Don’t put limitations on it. Let your brain fantasize about all you’d like to experience. You can tell it no later. See how long you can spend genuinely creating your ideal experiences before switching to assessing limitations and problem solving. Embracing dynamic change – Danielle Bodwitch, consultant with Four Letter Consulting, shares that, “Change is no longer done in silos. You have to work across functions, levels and even with vendors. Needing to be the all-knowing leader who does it all is an unhealthy expectation and approach for all involved.” She elaborated that the good news is everybody gets things are changing. “What leaders need to be expert in is clarifying what problem really needs to be solved, the urgency to solve it and who to work with to make it happen.” Rapid prototyping – “Leaders who can learn from failure at an accelerated speed will be able to drive their organizations to success and out-pace the industry,” shares Bowditch. This takes a great deal of risk tolerance and capacity to live by the growth mindset. This means being able to absorb lessons from unexpected results, mistakes and failures and using that to drive the next improved option. We have to be able to set aside our egos and desire to look good. Once we do that, we can make room for the speed in which people have to learn from mistakes and apply those lessons learned. Budgeting for value vs. cost control – There is a tendency in budgeting for leaders to focus on either saving as much money as possible or spend what was given to them to ensure they don’t lose any budget dollars. But this lacks any real future-focused strategy. Getting savvy at how to use budget as a resource that can be used to create greater value helps leaders move from bean counting to value creation. Where can some money help create brand recognition or engagement? Where can we enhance value through better efficiencies and cost cutting? This comes from a focus on creating what’s wanted vs. avoiding what we don’t want. Real-time decision making – Using data for more than researching best practices or reinforcing the tried and true of what works and what doesn’t is another critical skill for the ‘Next Level’ leader. Well curated and tracked data can be used to help drive the dynamic change and rapid prototyping. “Being able to reference trends and themes that are surfacing are critical for leaders as they make tough in-the-moment calls that require informed risk-taking with less of a guaranteed success than ever before,” cautions Bowditch. Critical new mindsets all leaders will need to start fully embracing include: Humility – As mentioned earlier, letting our egos sit in the driver’s seat of our decisions, we will never be the kind of leaders that can evolve. “It takes humility to accept you don’t have all the answers. If you’re narrative is this is about you solving, fixing or saving everyone, then you won’t be able to let go of the control needed to enable others to be part of the solution. Humility is the anecdote to that,” explains Bowditch. Leaders who can prioritize the best solution over trying to be the best person will inspire others, foster commitment and set everyone up to do their best work. Self-worth – The other side of that coin is trusting our ability to figure things out even if we have no idea what may happen or how you might resolve something at the outset of things. That belief in ourselves sets us up to let go of the reigns, take risks and know when to take a step back, allowing others to take the lead when needed. It’s rarely our need to trust others as much as it’s the need to trust ourselves to handle the unexpected.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.