President of the Senate and Chairman of the National Assembly, Senator, Ahmed Lawan has hailed Nigerians for staying together these 60 years inspite of the various challenges confronting her. Lawan in his Independence message tagged ‘together’ to Nigerians said Nigerians should celebrate the Diamond jubilee with pride in view of her keeping the Union together. According to him, “Indeed, patriotic Nigerians have ample reasons to celebrate the fact that in spite of the clear challenges that the differences in our tongues, modes of worship and other elements of our diversity pose to nationhood, we have remained together. “Our national journey may have been tortuous, our progress slow and unsteady, and primordial fears and sentiments may occasionally cast dark clouds over our unity and threaten our resolve to stick together, but if we look at great nations throughout history, we would realise that all such experiences are common features of nation-building. “Some of us may not see the wood for the trees due to some unmet expectations. But a broad perspective of issues will strengthen rather than weaken our aspiration of building a great Nigeria. “Our commitment to the cause of building a nation in which none is oppressed and of which all is proud must therefore remain unshakable. “This cause fired the zeal of our founding fathers and inspired them to make the great sacrifices that they made to bequeath to us our independence. “This cause must remain a proud heritage for the current generation of Nigerians and a baton to pass to future generations. The President of the Senate enjoined Nigerians to keep a positive mind as the nation tackles the challenges of nation-building. He said the enormity of tasks in the national building makes the task an ever-expanding assignment that demands the cooperation of all stakeholders, with a positive mind to provide solutions to the challenges. His words: “We should not allow unnecessary magnification of our teething problems by some people to shake our faith in the great destiny of our country. “As has been said, democracy is a journey rather than a destination. National development too is always a work in progress that requires the patient and unconditional commitment of all patriots. “We value our democracy and the rights it confers on us as citizens of a democratic nation. However, the expression of these rights need not be a clog in the wheel of our national unity, peace and development. “Our democracy is a vehicle for the pursuit of our individual and collective aspirations. We all have roles to play to keep the vehicle roadworthy and fit for purpose. Lawan said the Ninth Assembly he leads will be alive to the responsibility required of a legislature at times such as this to improve the stability of the Union and urged Nigerians to okay their part in the periodic amendment of the Constitution to rework it along general aspirations of a befitting body of law to govern the nation. “On our part as the Legislature, we will continue to provide true representation to the Nigerian people and to strive to make their government work for them. “In this regard, the ninth National Assembly is committed to having another look at our constitution, the guide for our co-existence as a nation, with a view to making it a document of the Nigerian people. “Fellow Nigerians should take advantage of this opportunity by taking an active part in the constitutional review process. The overall objective of the periodic amendment of our laws is to make them keep pace with the changes that each epoch requires, strengthen the bond that keeps us together and to cement peace and progress in our beloved country. “I wish to salute the resilience of the Nigerian workers in the face of the challenges we face as a nation. Organised labour, in particular, deserves special commendation for the patriotism they exhibited in the management of the recent disagreement over certain policy decisions arising from the reform programme of the government. Such an understanding between the government and the people is always required to move the nation forward. The President of the Senate also cautions Nigerians on the need to still be alert on the coronavirus pandemic pointing out that vigilance is still important now. “As we celebrate our Independence Anniversary, permit me to remind us of the need for us all to continue to be conscious that the Coronavirus pandemic is still very much with us. “The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and our health workers at the frontline are working very hard to flatten the curve of the spread of the disease, so we as members of the public must not drop the ball by letting down our guards. Let us abide by the public health safety protocols to avert a second wave of the pandemic.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Lawan charges citizens-participation Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Lawan charges citizens-participation  Lawan charges citizens-participation Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Lawan charges citizens-participation  Lawan charges citizens-participation NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!