Troops of the Nigerian Army’s Operation Sahel Sanity has killed 100 bandits, arrested 481 others, including informants, illegal miners and destroyed 81 bandits’ camps in Katsina, Sokoto and Zamfara States. In a press conference held on Saturday at super camp, Faskari Katsina, the Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, Defence Headquarters, Abuja, Brig-General Bernard Onyeuko, said gallant troops of Operation SAHEL SANITY within this period carried out series of clearance operations, ambushes and other aggressive and confidence-building patrols. According to Brigadier-General Onyeuko, as part of their two months scorecards, the troops deployed in the states have foiled 74 different bandits’ attacks. “There is no gainsaying that the hitherto crippled agricultural, social and economic lives of the people of this zone by bandits activities have been restored to normalcy.” They attested to the fact that normal life has indeed returned to the zone as farming, economic and social life of the people are being carried out without any form of hindrance and molestation by criminal elements. “Farm and highway patrols were carried out within Sokoto, Katsina, Kaduna, Kebbi and Zamfara States thus boosting the confidence of the people in carrying out their daily activities.” According to him, 100 armed bandits were neutralized, a total of 3,984 cows, 1,627 sheep/rams and 3 Camels recovered, 148 suspected bandits and 315 illegal armed miners were also arrested. He explained further that large cache of arms and ammunition were recovered which include 43 AK47 Rifles, 1 GPMG and 100 Dane guns, 3,261 rounds of 7.62mm (special) and 151 live cartridges of ammunition. “In all the search and rescue operations carried out, 107 kidnapped victims were rescued, 20 bandits informants and collaborators, 6 arms suppliers, 13 rustled cattle marketers and 32 bandits logistics suppliers were arrested.” “A total of 81 bandits’ camps including the notorious Dangote Triangle and their logistics bases were destroyed by troops of Operation SAHEL SANITY. Relatedly, 74 bandits’ attacks and 54 kidnap incidents were foiled by the troops.” The gallant troops of Operation SAHEL SANITY have continued to dominate all the volatile areas with confidence building patrols, ambushes and clearance operations to deny the bandits and other criminal elements freedom of action. The troops of Operation SAHEL SANITY are hereby commended for their gallantry, sacrifices, successes and the professionalism exhibited within the short period of Operation. They are also urged not to rest on their oars but build on the achievements recorded so far. The people of the North-West zone of the country are also appreciated for their cooperation in providing credible information for the success of the operation. The general public are also encouraged to continue to avail the troops with actionable information that would aid the desired goal of the operation. They are further reassured of the Nigerian Army’s commitment to restore total peace in the zone and indeed the whole country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…North-West insecurity E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…North-West insecurity  North-West insecurity 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…North-West insecurity  North-West insecurity FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY