With 11 local government areas in Oyo state at risk of experiencing flash flooding, the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has tasked the state government to scale up its public enlightenment campaigns in vulnerable communities. Director-General, NEMA, Muhammadu Muhammed made this call during a one-day flood advocacy meeting held at State Secretariat, Ibadan, with Governor Seyi Makinde in attendance. Among other preparatory measures, Muhammadu asked the state government to identify high grounds to set up temporary camps for flood victims, distil river channels and canals, clear water channels, drainages, and all avenues for river runoffs to enable free flow of water. Represented by the agency’s Director of Search and Rescue, Mr Kolawole Adedokun, the NEMA DG said the state’s enlightenment campaigns should emphasize mitigation measures and how people of the state can evacuate to safe grounds when water level from rainfall begins to rise. ALSO READ: Kwara commences process to reopen schools Pointing to the 2020 Annual flood outlook of the Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency (NIHSA) which identified Ona Ara, Lagelu, Oyo East, Kajola, Egbeda, Ogbomoso South, Iseyin, Ibarapa North, Ibadan South West, Ibadan North West and Ibadan South-East as local councils in the state at risk of flooding between September and November, he requested the Oyo state government to urgently put in place proactive and mitigating measures. He added that it was imperative for the state government to mandate the Oyo State Emergency Management Agency (OYSEMA), frontline local government authorities and other response agencies to put in place preparedness actions. Speaking on behalf of Makinde, state deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan said the state government, through SEMA, will continue to partner with all relevant agencies and stakeholders in the fight against flood and other forms of disasters in the state. As part of partnering relevant stakeholders to adequately manage disaster and disaster-related issues in the state, Makinde said the state had resolved to donate land to NEMA for its permanent site. He assured that the state government was committed to the effective management of disaster in the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com