The local equities market sustained its downtrend as its All Share Index (ASI) of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) fell by 0.19 per cent to 25,550.31 basis points on Wednesday. Basically, profit-taking in Tier I bank stocks weighed down the bourse. Consequently, the Month-to-Date gain of ASI moderated to 0.9 per cent while Year-to-Date loss increased to -4.8 per cent. Market sentiment, as measured by the market breadth, was negative as 17 stocks gained relative to 19 losers. Royal Exchange and NEM Insurance recorded the largest losses of the day having depreciated by ten per cent and 9.8 per cent respectively; while Learn Africa and Berger Paints topped the gainers’ list with 9.6 per cent and 7.4 per cent respective gain. Performance across sub-sector gauges was bullish as three out of five indices closed southwards: the NSE banking, NSE Insurance and NSE Industrial indices declined by 0.58 per cent, 1.49 per cent and 0.23 per cent respectively. On the positive side, the NSE Consumer Goods and NSE Oil/Gas indices rose by 0.07 per cent and 0.41 per cent respectively. Meanwhile, the total volume traded declined by 13.6 per cent to 211.82 million units, valued at N2.42 billion and exchanged in 3,651 deals. FCMB was the most traded stock by volume at 30.33 million units while MTN Nigeria was the most trade stock by value at N1.06 billion. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. equities market SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com