The Commandant General, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps “NSCDC”, Abdullahi Gana Muhammadu, has approved the deployment of an additional 1,998 special force of the Corps for Edo Election. This information was disclosed by his media assistant, Ekunola Gbenga, the CG urged them to be apolitical and “resist any financial inducement while discharging their duties to ensure a free, credible and nonviolent election in the state,” adding the Corps would not hesitate to sanction any officers that compromise the integrity of the Corps during this election. Deputy Commandant General in charge of operations, Hillary Kelechi Madu leads the Civil Defence team to provide security during the September 19, governorship poll in Edo State, the DCG would be assisted by a number of Assistant Commandant Generals and Commandants who have all arrived the state since Thursday. The Special force numbered 1,998 was deployed from other state commands of the federation to assist in the election in Edo State while awaiting more men from other zones. All the riverine areas of the state have been covered with marine men patrolling with their boats. All measures had been put in place towards the attainment of a free, fair and credible election in Edo; Gana said. While securing elections, you are not permitted inside polling stations with arms, and may only enter at the request of the presiding officer; he cautioned. Meanwhile, Muslims, Christians in the Corps last week organized prayer sessions for peaceful elections and for successful operations in Edo. They prayed for a peaceful vote and urged electorates to choose their leader in a peaceful manner. According to the statement, Gana seized the opportunity to appreciate the efforts of the Corps personnel already on the ground in Edo for their conducts so far, and urged them to keep the flag flying by remaining good ambassadors of the Corps anywhere they are posted to. Kogi Govt Writes US, Protests Visa Ban Kogi State government has protested the recent visa ban imposed on politicians alleged to have rigged the November 2019 election…NSCDC deploys special force  NSCDC deploys special force Third Mainland Bridge Phase One Rehabilitation Almost Complete ― Controller The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Friday assured that Third Mainland Bridge repairs were progressing…NSCDC deploys special force Ondo Amotekun Arrests 65 Cows, Herder Over Farm Destruction No fewer than 65 cows and the herdsman in charge, Adamu Adamu Yusuf , have been arrested by men of the Ondo State Security…NSCDC deploys special force  NSCDC deploys special force NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com