The Executive Secretary, Federal Capital Development Authority (FCDA), Jibrin Gambo, on Wednesday, announced the resolution of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) to mobilise contractors back to site with a view to easing traffic gridlock on Bwari-Dutsen road axis. He made this known to newsmen in Abuja during his impromptu visit to the road alongside some top management staff. According to him, works would resume on the roads within the next three weeks and commitment would be made to ensure its completion. “When we say completion, we are talking of the totality of what needs to be done here. We have some drainage works to be done and other complementary works. “But the one that will satisfy the traffic movement is something that can be done in the next two months. In the next three weeks, the contractor will be mobilised here. We can never do anything where the rain is here,” he explained. Gambo, who attributed the delay of the project to the incessant rainfall, insisted that it has to be completed to relieve residents of the stress. He also cleared the air on the rumours that it was abandoned, saying it suffered some set back as a result of COVID-19 pandemic and some other challenges. “We are only coming to appreciate the level at which the rain has impacted on the road. Now that we are going down, the rain is subsiding, the contractor had to come back and do this work in a very short time. The project is not abandoned. Everything is on cause, the contractor is on-ground,” the executive secretary assured. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Ten Killed In Petrol Tanker Explosion In Kogi No fewer than ten people have lost their lives in a petrol tanker explosion in Lokoja, Kogi State on Wednesday morning. Tribune Online gathered that the petrol tanker rammed other vehicles at Felele in Lokoja and exploded as other incoming vehicles rammed it. Lagos Govt Rolls Out Low-Key 60th Independence Day Programmes Lagos State government, on Wednesday, rolled out programmes for the country’s 60th Independent anniversary celebration, saying the occasion would be low-key in the face of COVID-19 pandemic that has ravaged the whole world and the country inclusive. FCTA to mobilise contractors SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com