As the music world gradually gets back into business after a long time lockdown occasioned by coronavirus outbreak, some Nigerian music stars have begun to cash in on the post-COVID-19 era as they move back into the studio to completed new music projects. One of the artistes currently showing signs of giving his fans something new is Nigerian-born music South African based music star  McKay, who has promised his fans a non-stop music treat before the year runs out. The hip hop star in a brief chat with Tribune Online said he has returned to the studio with Temitope Shobulo for an Extended Play  (EP) project, one which he said would take his music career to another level. ALSO READ: UI inaugurates buildings in honour of wives of Makinde, Adeboye He has enlisted the platinum hitmaker as executive producer, saying he could not have worked with a more experienced and hit-making producer to give delight to his fans and appreciate them for the long wait. Speaking further, he said he had contacted other top music producers that would be working on the project, saying he has not set a release date for the project. “The first single came in January and was produced by Shobulo. I  don’t want to reveal the title of the EP yet but I know it may have something to do with ‘Good days’.I got a lot of gifts for all my fans this September. I always deliver and this new project would not be an exception,” he said. Buhari, Trailblazer In Modular Refinery Delivery ― Lai Mohammed The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, on Wednesday, said while previous administrations talked about modular refineries, only President…Temitope-Shobulo begin work  Temitope-Shobulo begin work Palliative: FG Distributes Food Items To 80,405 Households In Sokoto The Federal Government has begun the distribution of 3,659.7 metric tonnes of grains to 80,405 households in Sokoto State…Temitope-Shobulo begin work Temitope-Shobulo begin work PHOTO NEWS: Protest Over Hike In Price Of Petrol, Electricity Tariff Ongoing In Yaba, Lagos A peaceful protest by members of the Joint Action Front against the hike in Petrol and Electricity by the federal government…Temitope-Shobulo begin work NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com