A Magistrate court sitting in Osogbo, on Monday ordered the remand of six accused persons Tobiloba Isaac Jolaoso 27, Ladiva Aije 22, Juliet Semion 24, Ahmed Olasunkanmi 23, Adeniran Eritosin 29, and Tunde Jimoh 27 in a correctional facility over alleged recording pornographic video at Osun-Osogbo shrine. The Police prosecutor, Mr Idoko John informed the court that the accused persons committed the offence on or about July 25, 2020, at about 12:30 pm at Osun-Osogbo shrine, Osogbo. Idoko alleged that the accused persons did act a drama or film which appeared on the face of it to bear a pornographic picture of young girls who were half-naked and thereafter published obscene scene or send it for public consumption. He further said that the accused persons did conspire amongst themselves to act at the Osun-Osogbo traditional and religion ground and commit a misdemeanour to wit insult to religion. Idoko also hinted that the accused persons unlawfully damaged window louvres of the police station, stressing that the offences committed by the accused persons were contrary to and punishable under 516,233,517,451 Cap 34 Vol ll Law of Osun State 2002. ALSO READ: FG support for newspaper houses delayed by NPAN ― Lai Mohammed The six accused persons pleaded not guilty to the allegations slammed against them. One of the accused told the court that they only went to the shrine for an excursion, explaining that they only took pictures. The defence counsel, Barrister Tunbosun Oladipupo applied for the bail of the accused persons in a most liberal term, saying that the offences are bailable. Responding, the prosecutor opposed the bail application by the counsel on the ground that the scene of the crime is an international worship ground, contending that the act will tarnish the image of the religion He said that the accused persons were not residents of Osogbo and their location is not known by the police and one of them is Cameroonian, arguing that if they are granted bail, they are likely to cause a breach to peace and order of the state and they can commit a similar offence. In his ruling, Magistrate Isola Omisade ordered the remand of the six accused persons in Ilesa correctional centre and subsequently adjourned the matter till September 17, 2020, for ruling on the bail. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com