Emeka Daniel Udeogu popularly known as Emiboy has dropped a new single called “I Go Pay” featuring Teniola Apata known as Teni Makanaki. On the new single released under Oga Ndi Oga Entertainment, the 23-year-old artist who is known for his distinctive style and flow, featured the “Uyo Meyo” coroner and songwriter, Teniola Apata. Emiboy joined the record label in 2019 after four years of doing music independently. He listed his favourite musicians to include Tuface, Wizkid, Tekno, Kizz Daniel and Teni. Emiboy described the”mind-blowing” collaboration with Teni as a dream come true. While speaking on studio making of the new single, he said “Teni is a whole vibe. She’s so friendly and she actually welcomed me. She took me like her own. “Some artists, because they’re already big and established, they tend to look down on young artists. But Teni never did such a thing; she was cool with me and we had such a great time in the studio,” he added. This new record was produced by the seasoned beat maker Killertunes who Emiboy referred to as a “wizard” owing to his dexterity behind the boards, adding that he is a renowned beatmaker.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.