Following the recent successful simulation exercise that ushered in the resumption of flights by the Ministry of aviation, in conjunction with all aviation stakeholders, where NAHCO Plc successfully carried out aircraft disinfection, the company has now extended the service to all its client- airlines, in partnership with Multi-Level Innovation Services Ltd/Raven Hygiene. NAHCO currently provides disinfection service to Virgin Atlantic, Egypt Air, Qatar Airways and Rwanda Air, while Fly Dubai and Salam Air were handled on an ad-hoc basis. The disinfection service is a technical process that involves the use of fully kitted Cabin Appearance personnel, sophisticated machines and specially formulated chemicals that are not injurious to health to fumigate and clean an aircraft. It is an uncontroverted fact that the industry and its processes are being redefined, and NAHCO is proud to be a frontrunner in this regard. According to Prince Saheed Lasisi, NAHCO’s Group Executive Director, Commercial and Business Development, NAHCO is poised to providing safe and convenient aircraft disinfection to all its numerous clients, as well as those who may wish to join in line with the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority’s guidelines. ‘’In view of the rampaging COVID-19 virus, and the need to ensure that the aircraft is safe for use, we have partnered with Multi-Level Innovation Services Ltd, represented by Raven Hygiene to offer this ingenious service to our clients. This is aside from our regular aircraft cleaning. This highly technical process has been put in place to aid the industry in the fight against the virus. And we have trained a special team in this regard,” Lasisi declared. While stating that the responses from the existing clients have been highly encouraging, Lasisi called on other airlines to join hands with NAHCO to ensure the skies are made safer. ALSO READ: FEC okays $1.96bn railway contract to link Niger Republic This is just as the Managing Director of Raven Hygiene, Mr Adeniyi Makanjuola, has attributed the collaboration between the two companies to the need to fill a vacuum saying, “NAHCO being a credible ground handling company with the interest of its clients at heart chose to pioneer this service offering, and “we are glad to have partnered with NAHCO.” NAHCO Plc is a Nigerian diversified enterprise with interests in aviation cargo, aircraft handling, passenger facilitation, crew transportation and aviation training. The company currently serves several airlines across the major functional airports within Nigeria and handles the largest chunk of domestic, foreign and cargo airlines. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE     NAHCO partners raven hygiene to offer aircraft disinfection service SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com