The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kogi State has said it will participate in the local government election scheduled for December 12 provided the process is transparent. PDP  gave conditions for participating in the elections in a statement issued after the state executive council meeting held in Lokoja, Kogi State capital. The statement signed by the party’s state publicity secretary, Prince Bode Ogunmola stated that the state executive meeting which was held under the leadership of the state chairman, Engr Sam Uhuotu, resolved to take part in the local government election scheduled for December 12th provided the process is transparent. The party EXCOs, therefore, urged members to go back to the grassroots and continue to mobilise others to work together as a team assuring that the future remains very bright for the party. Ogunmola said that the party also salute its candidates, Mr Musa Wada and Hon. Sam Aro for their courage, doggedness and efforts before, during and after the gubernatorial election. Other decisions taken at the meeting, according to the publicity secretary include the passing of vote of confidence on the leadership of the party under Engr Sam Uhuotu for keeping the party together. The executive committee also reiterated their commitment to the development and progress of the party while urging members to forgive one another of past mistakes to enable them jointly move the party forward. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…PDP gives conditions  PDP gives conditions What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…PDP gives conditions  PDP gives conditions High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…PDP gives conditions SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com