A Kano Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday sentenced a 25-year-old man, Bashir Ibrahim, to seven months at the correctional centre for possession of Indian hemp and other illicit drugs. Ibrahim, who lives at Fagge Quarters in Kano, was convicted after he pleaded guilty to being in possession of 29 tablets of Diazepam and dried leaves suspected to be Indian hemp. The Magistrate Malam Farouk Ibrahim sentenced the convict to seven months at the correctional centre without an option of fine. He also said that the convict had 30 days to appeal the judgment. Earlier, the Prosecution Counsel, Mr Mubarak Mukhtar, had told the court that the convict committed the offence on Sept. 23 at about 6:20 p.m. at Kwari Market, Kano. ALSO READ: Man docked for allegedly inflicting injuries on neighbour He said that the convict was arrested by a team of policemen attached to Fagge Police Division Kano, while on patrol at Yan-Tebura Mall, Kwari Market Kano. “The convict was found in possession of hard drugs suspected to be Indian hemp, 29 Diazepam tablets and 17 wraps of dried leaves” The prosecutor said that the offence contravened section 403 of the Penal Code. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com