The Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC), Rev Yakubu Pam has said that the commission has planned to have a well organised pilgrimage exercise this year. Rev Pam who disclosed this in Abuja during a courtesy visit by the Chairman and executive members of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria FCT chapter to his office, said the NCPC is doing its best to have an excellent pilgrimage to the holy land this year. “The NCPC boss stated that there was need to have knowledgeable instructors from the Pentecostal body to provide leadership at different holy sites during pilgrimage. He expressed his desire to ensure that those who go on pilgrimage come back with a transformed mind and should be able to impact on the lives of others. Rev Pam averred that pilgrimage is the only dividend which Christians enjoy from the government and as such the government should not see it as a waste of resources because it helps to build the faith of Christians. The NCPC boss reiterated that the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria had been in the vanguard of the church in Nigeria. In his words, adding”you have been a stakeholder in the affairs of Nigeria and this is a church that government does not take for granted.” Earlier, the Chairman of PFN, FCT chapter, Rev Dr Isaac Komolafe congratulated Rev. Pam on his well deserved appointment. “We are not surprised on your appointment because God is a faithful rewarder of those who serve him diligently. PFN is a very strong and well structured in the FCT and we promise that the body would support the NCPC boss to succeed in his new task. The Chairman further promised to collaborate with NCPC so as to develop the spiritual content of pilgrimage, adding that they would want to tap from the agricultural expertise of Israel through the NCPC youth pilgrimage programme. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politician, Others Offended By My Husband Should Forgive Him ― Adedibu’s Widow Wife of the late strongman of Oyo State politics Alhaji Lamidi Ariyibi Adedibu, Alhaja Modinat Abosede Adedibu has come out to appeal to those he offended while alive to forgive him, as there is no human being that does not make mistakes. She also added that since he is now late, those who offended him too…Plans on to make Plans on to make Kill Me Rather Than Destroy My Cannabis Farm ― Suspect Begs NDLEA In Kogi A suspected Cannabis Sativa farmer, Clement Akor, has begged the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to take his life instead of destroying his 10-hectare cannabis plantation. Akor, a 42 years old father of six children from Enabo village in Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State was arrested by the Kogi State command of…Plans on to make Plans on to make CAMA Is Against Religious Institutions In Nigeria ―CUPP The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) on Wednesday said that the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) was being targeted at religious institutions in the country. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the spokesman of CUPP, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere said that it was also a plot by the Federal Government to have access to finance…Plans on to make Plans on to make SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com