The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) factional chairman in Ekiti State, Honourable Kehinde Odebunmi has accused the National Working Committee (NWC) of colluding with former Governor Ayo Fayose to disallow internal democracy and freedom of choice of leaders. Odebunmi vowed that everything legally and constitutionally possible would be done to resist Fayose from hijacking the party which he said belongs to all card-carrying members in all the 177 wards in the state. Speaking on a programme, The Conversation, aired on an Ekiti-based radio station on Saturday monitored by our reporter, Odebunmi accused the NWC led by Prince Uche Secondus of taking sides with the faction led by Fayose which produced Bisi Kolawole as factional Chairman. He slammed Fayose for his opposition to the adoption of Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde as the Southwest PDP leader, saying former Ekiti governor enjoyed same privilege during his tenure. Odebunmi who described Fayose’s attack on Makinde as unwarranted and mischievous said the Oyo governor was chosen to occupy the position being the most senior serving political office holder in the zone. Odebunmi who chairs the exco loyal to Senator Biodun Olujimi said the NWC alleged partiality is fuelling the latest factional crisis rocking Ekiti PDP by colluding with Fayose to impose excos at ward, local government and state levels on party members. He contended that the NWC is a biased umpire in all the congresses held in the state with its alleged collusion with Fayose to impose excos on party members without allowing free and fair election to produce new leadership. Odebunmi said, “Have you seen a situation where a referee in a football match celebrates at the end of the day with one of the teams. That is a biased referee.” Condemning Fayose’s face-off with Makinde, Odebunmi said: “Fayose is in another fight with Makinde, why? When he was in power, Fayose enjoyed the same privilege and nobody challenged him. “At a time, he was the only PDP governor in the Southwest and he was performing the function in the six states but now he wants to be breathing down on the neck of Makinde. That will not work.” He explained that Makinde had suggested that loyalists of Fayose and Olujimi should agree and share positions to avoid a winner-takes-all situation that would breed acrimony. Odebunmi insisted that he remains the authentic state chairman of Ekiti PDP claiming that the congress which produced him was held in all the 177 wards while the one conducted by the faction loyal to Fayose was held in only 155 wards. Besides, Odebunmi claimed that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) observed the congress which led to his emergence as the party chair, unlike the one that produced Bisi Kolawole for the Fayose faction. He also faulted a letter purportedly written by the PDP National Secretary, Umaru Tsauri, which recognised the exco led by Kolawole as the authentic exco. Such letters, Odebunmi stated, ought to have been signed by both National National and National Secretary or National Secretary and National Organising Secretary. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… ekiti PDP | ekiti PDP | ekiti PDP SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com