Some personnel of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) travelling from Sokoto and Kebbi States Command of the corps for a training programme at FRSC Academy, Udi were reportedly attacked by bandits/kidnappers at Udege junction, along Mararaban-Udege between Adoka, Nasarawa State today Monday, September 14, 2020, at about 8 am. The officers totalling 26 in number were travelling in two buses. According to the FRSC Corps Public Education Officer, Assistant Corps Marshal Bisi Kazeem, one of the officers in the vehicle conveying the staff of the corps reportedly died during the attack, while another officer died in the hospital. Four others were injured and eight escaped unhurt. However, 10 are unaccounted for as they were allegedly kidnapped by the assailants. The Corps Public Education Officer noted that the Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, has immediately reported the incident to relevant authorities for prompt rescue of the kidnapped staff while investigations to ensure that the assailants are brought to book are ongoing. Kazeem noted that the corps marshal has called on all staff of the corps not to be deterred by this unfortunate incident. He assured that the corps will work closely with relevant security to ensure that the criminal elements are brought to book and justice is served while the missing personnel are found.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com