Tragedy struck in Ipetu Ijesa of Oriade local government of Osun State, on Thursday, when an official of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), reportedly died in a road accident. Though the name of the deceased FRSC official could not be obtained as of the time of filing this report, Tribune Online reliably gathered that the accident involved a White Nissan Primera car with marked AE 365 GBK and a Toyota Hilux with registration number AO1585RS, belonging to the FRSC. An eyewitness informed our correspondent that four other officials of the FRSC, who were inside the Toyota Hilux sustained involved severe injuries. The accident was said to have occurred around 1.00 pm at Power line, after Rain Oil filling station, Ipetu-Ijesa. When contacted, the Sector Commander of the FRSC in Osun State, Mrs Kudirat Ibrahim, confirmed the accident, but she kept mute on the death of their official in the auto crash. She, however, explained that the four injured FRSC officials have been taken to Wesley hospital, Ilesa and Olujobi hospital, Ipetu-Ijesa for medical attention. Ibrahim hinted that the driver of the car lost control and rammed into the FRSC officials at their checkpoint. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… FRSC official dies SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com