About three weeks to the governorship election in Ondo State,  a Commissioner with the Ondo State Oil Producing Commission (OSOPADEC), Chief Bisi Ilawole, on Wednesday, resigned his appointment with the state government. Ilawole from Ilaje Local Government Area of the state subsequently dumped the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and joined the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in the state. In his letter addressed to the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, the former commissioner appreciated the governor for giving him the privileged to serve the state in the capacity of a Commissioner in the intervention agency. The letter read: “I, Chief Ilawole Adeleke Adebisi, hereby tender my resignation letter as a member of Ondo State Oil Producing Area Development  Commission (OSOPADEC). “Sir, it is my profound gratitude for the rare privilege given to me under your administration to serve as a commissioner representing the good people of Ilaje Oil Producing communities.” Also, a two-time Chairman and immediate boss of Irele Local Government,  Hon Nicholas Akinbiola and Daisi Onetufo. dumped the ruling APC for ZLP with their supporters. ALSO READ: Flood disaster claims 25 lives, injures 20, houses, farmlands worth N950m destroyed in Bauchi They hinged their reasons for joining the ZLP to their desire to join other politicians in the state to rescue the state from the misrule of the APC led government of Akeredolu in the state. Speaking after he received them at the ZLP Secretariat, the state Chairman, Dr Joseph Akinlaja, commended them for taking a bold step to join the party and assured that their interest would be taken care of. The Deputy Governor and candidate of the ZLP, Hon Agboola Ajayi, assured them that free health would be restored if elected as governor. Ajayi assured them of considerable reduction in school fee of the state-owned tertiary institutions if elected as governor of the state and launch operation zero potholes on all roads in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Akeredolu’s Commissioner resigns BREAKING: Ten Killed In Petrol Tanker Explosion In Kogi No fewer than ten people have lost their lives in a petrol tanker explosion in Lokoja, Kogi State on Wednesday morning. Tribune Online gathered that the petrol tanker rammed other vehicles at Felele in Lokoja and exploded as other incoming vehicles rammed it. Akeredolu’s Commissioner resigns SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com