The former National President of the Association of Nigerian Licensed Customs Agents (ANLCA), Olayiwola Shittu has debunked claims that he left N140,000 in the association’s account, stating that he didn’t meet a kobo in the coffers of the association when he took over as national president. Speaking to the Nigerian Tribune on the allegation that he left N140,000 in ANLCA’s account, Shittu stated that, “When I came to office as ANLCA national president, there was no paper, nothing. My predecessor, Njoku held sway for two years after Elochukwu left office, and didn’t hand over a thing to me. Everywhere ANLCA was until my coming into office was on tenancy and they usually threw us out. “The first week after I was elected, I raised a bank draft to get the former secretariat. After renting the secretariat, I furnished it, partly with my secretary. That was how we set up that place from scratch before ending up with our own secretariat. What is N140, 000.00? That must be my money that I forgot in the association’s account. “The genesis of that secretariat is predicated on the fact that people said they don’t need a secretariat. They asked that we share the money that was coming in. But I said no, we must have a legacy, and that was how ANLCA built and owned its own secretariat. “So, if they claimed I left N140,000 in the coffers, it must be money that I forgot because  nine months to the end of my tenure, no chapter chairman was paying. They are still alive. “Is it not a shame to them that ANLCA is not worth more than N140,000 at some point? Those chairs in the conference room, I traveled abroad, I bought them. I freighted them down. My treasurer, who was national treasurer when I was in office for eight years is Alhaji Bojuri. He is the current SSA Finance and Planning to the current ANLCA National President. He is still there and can testify to these things.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Petrol/Electricity Price Hike: Prepare For Unprecedented Mass Action From Next Monday, NLC, TUC Tell Nigerians With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price… FG Takes Over Revenue Management Of NNPC, Customs, FIRS, NCC, Others Pressured by dwindling revenues and heavy debt burden, the Federal Government on Tuesday moved to boost its resources by directly taking over control of revenue management of its 10 most lucrative enterprises… Borno Governor Donates House, N20m To Widow, Children Of Colonel Killed By Boko Haram Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning… Angry APC Governors Meet Oshiomhole SOME governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, met with the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, behind closed doors.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com