Gov Godwin Obaseki of Edo says President Muhammadu Buhari’s call for a peaceful and credible governorship election in the state is a re-assuring tunic that will boost voter turnout on Sept. 19. Mr Crusoe Osagie, Special Adviser on media and communications strategy to the governor, said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Thursday in Benin. According to him, the governor thanked the president for his wise counsel, saying this will make all Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), supporters and voters to troop out on Saturday. “We thank the president for his quick intervention urging the security agencies to maintain neutrality in the discharge of their duties on election day and that INEC will also be balanced in its conduct of the election. “Although the people have been apprehensive President Buhari’s directive to that effect has doused the tension. ALSO READ: Edo Poll: PSC urges Police deploy for election to operate within the law “It has helped to boost the peoples’ confidence to massively troop out on Saturday to vote for Gov. Obaseki’s second term. “The president is the leader of the All Progressives Congress but he is the first president and father of all. “His call for safety and security of everyone before, during and after the governorship election is the assurance that will ginger the people to massively come out on Saturday. “Reassuringly, Gov. Obaseki’s achievements in his first tenure will also propel the people to want to come out and support him with their votes to enable him to sustain the ongoing growth and development of Edo,” he said. ( NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com