As a matter of fact, all manner of religions had been operating in this country for several years before the mandatory registration under the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) in recent times. The fact remains that every religion has its modus operandi; either Christianity or Islam, without violating the rules and regulations being laid down by the Corporate Affairs Commission before the issuance of the registration certificate. CAMA should not be an appendage on the existing board of trustees who had been prayerfully and spiritually chosen by God to be in charge of sacred matters. It is sacrilege and a sense of profanity to allow CAMA to be in charge of any religious organisation. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) are there to checkmate any fraudulent act in any religious organisation so as to serve as a deterrent to everybody in the religious sector. The fact remains that there is no religious leader who will kick against transparency as there are many committees that are in charge of various departments in order to ensure transparency and accountability of funds. These committees have power to suspend and excommunicate anyone who might have been indicted for being culpable of any act of graft. The religious organisations should be allowed to be in charge of its board of trustees without the involvement of any CAMA.  Rev Oladimeji Michael Olalekan, Ibadan YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com