No fewer than 60 selected public Secondary schools in Ondo State have benefited from the distribution of N90m science laboratory equipment and mathematics training kits distributed by the state government. Speaking during the distribution of the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, said the distribution of the equipment and mathematics training kits, was part of his administration commitment towards improving teaching and learning methodologies of science, technology and mathematics in the state secondary schools. Akeredolu described science and technology as a veritable instrument for meaningful development of the society in the 21st century. He explained that the strength of any nation depends largely on its capacity to harness science and technology for social and economic development. ALSO READ: Crashed helicopter not designed to have black box ― AIB According to him, the realization of the critical role science and technology play in industrialization and sustainable economic development of a nation prompted his administration to procure the equipment. The governor stressed that his administration, from inception, was determined to provide functional education and technological growth that will take the state to the forefront in the world of science and technology. He assured that his administration will leave no stone unturned in ensuring the scientific and technological advancement of the state. Akeredolu said: “This administration has ensured that the rich resources of this state are put into good use and maximally utilized for the general well-being of the state. “I, therefore, urge the principals and teachers of the schools benefiting from today’s gesture to put the equipment into good use for quality assurance and optimum performances.” While advising the students to study very hard to ensure excellent performances in their academics, he also charged officials of the ministry of education to visit the schools regularly to ensure the equipment are utilized maximally.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.