COMMISSIONER for Education, Science and Technology, Kogi State, Mr. Wemi Jones, has warned schools against unauthorized charges on students as schools at all levels reopen for academic activities in the state. In a statement in Lokoja, Jones warned all heads of schools against charging any fees for the remaining two weeks to end the second term, except those students who did not pay their school fees before the COVID-19 outbreak. “Heads of primary and secondary schools in both private and public schools are warned against charging any fees except those who didn’t pay their fees before the break,” he said. According to Jones, the earlier directive by the state government was for schools to resume on September 14, and use two weeks to tidy up activities for the second term before resuming the third term on September 28. The commissioner restated that the modified academic school calendar in Kogi State is for the third term to begin on September 28, and end on December 4, 2020. He, therefore, reiterated that no school should charge any fees within the remaining two weeks to round off the second term activities, warning that any school that breaches this directive would be severely sanctioned. The commissioner further advised parents and guardians to report any erring schools for adequate sanctions. He stressed that payment of the third term school fees should commence as from September 28, when schools reopen for the third term activities. The commissioner also enjoined all schools in the state to ensure they abide by the COVID-19 protocols as specified by the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). “For further enquires and report of any erring school, please contact the commissioner and permanent secretary of the ministry on the following lines: 0803 334 8992 and 08036173158,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country. Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28. Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs were a serious financial burden on Nigerians. BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections, saying it may impose travel restrictions on the perpetrators and prosecute them under international law. Presidency’s Reaction To Our Intervention Disappointing, Say Afenifere, NEF, Ohanaeze, PANDEF, MBF NIGERIAN leaders and elders under the aegis of pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere; Northern Elders Forum (NEF); Ohanaeze Ndi’gbo, Pan-Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) and the Middle-Belt Forum (MBF), on Monday described as “deeply disappointing and worrying” the way the presidency chose to react to the pieces of advice offered by the groups and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on better ways to move the country forward. Soyinka Backs Obasanjo, Says Nigeria Now More Divided Under Buhari Nobel Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka has backed claims by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, saying Nigeria is presently more divided under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com