FBNQuest Funds Limited, the alternative investments subsidiary of First Bank Nigerian Holdings Plc, is raising awareness on the opportunity of private equity for portfolio enhancement, in addition to the use of traditional investing assets. This was one of the key messages delivered at a virtual interactive session with financial journalists focusing on the alternative investments/private equity business, the financial markets, and the broader economy. Managing Director of FBNQuest Funds Limited, Ijeoma Agboti, disclosed at the session the organisation’s focus on developing a broad platform that will provide diversification and return-enhancing products for clients through various alternative asset classes. She stated: “Since we were established in 2003, FBNQuest Funds Limited has deployed in excess of N20 billion in over 70 companies and assets across various portfolios, and we have continued to partner with our portfolio companies to deliver growth, capital and provide value-creation support. ALSO READ: Northern governors condole with Sen. Wamakko over daughter’s death “We believe in working closely with our clients to deliver solutions that fall within their specific risk tolerance boundaries and meet their overall portfolio objectives.” On the financial markets and the economy, the FBNQuest research team shared their views on the outlook for the Nigerian economy and public markets. Overall, analysts projected a moderate economic recovery in 2021 for Nigeria as influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic, but also pointed to the undervaluation of several banking and telecom companies as attractive investment opportunities for stock market investors. “Information drives an investor’s ability to read and monitor the market. We think our research capability sets us apart in the Nigerian market and underpins our value approach to investing in private and public companies. We are delighted to share our views and add value to the socio-economic discourse,” stated Tunde Abidoye, Head of Equity Research at FBNQuest. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com