Kano State has overcome the worst of the COVID-19 pandemic as it has succeeded in flattening the curve of the infection, Governor Umar Ganduje has said. The governor, who was at the presidential villa, Abuja on Tuesday to present a situation report to President Muhammadu Buhari, thanked the president for assisting the state with funds to tackle the disease. Speaking to State House correspondents, he said: “On COVID-19, I came to thank Mr President for assisting Kano state with N5 billion to fight the pandemic. That has assisted the state. We have opened five testing centres which are functional, the curve is now flattened. “We carry out testing maximally but at the same time, the positivity ratio is very low. So, it’s (COVID-19) is dying down almost on a daily basis. So I came to thank Mr President for that assistance.” He revealed that he updated President Buhari on the security situation in the state, especially the military training facility his government has set up at the Falgore Forest for over N500 million, a place, which was a hotbed for criminal activity. ALSO READ: Airforce names building after late Arotile, late female combat officer According to him, his administration is providing infrastructure for military training in the forest in order to prevent the bandits from colonising that particular environment. He said it will include auditorium, houses, dining hall, kitchen, shooting range and many other amenities to enable the military train continuously. The Kano governor said his administration is also constructing Ruga settlement in the forest as well as a dam to halt the movement of the nomadic Fulani from one place to the other. He said a modern system of animal husbandry will also be put in place at the forest for which 75 children of Fulani herdsmen have been trained in Turkey for artificial insemination According to him, when the Ruga is completed, the Fulanis will be settled there and practice modern animal husbandry. On the controversial blasphemy case involving a young musician in Kano, Ganduje said he also updated the president on it, saying that the house of the father of the musician was burnt by the irate crowd but the situation was quickly brought under control by security agents. He affirmed that even though the accused has been convicted and under protective custody, he has exercised his right to appeal the death sentence passed on him, saying that the case may get all the way to the Supreme Court. According to the governor, President Buhari expressed delight at the situation report he presented. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com