I recently changed from wearing regular eye glasses to contact lens because of the harm which the glasses were given my face. My problem now is the fear that wearing the contact lens every day may further injure the lens of my eyes. Kindly advise. Omale (by SMS)  For lifelong glasses-wearers or those new to contacts, it can be difficult to determine how long to wear contacts each day. With a wide variety of lenses available, the specific directions and differences between the types of contacts can be intimidating and slightly overwhelming. Contact lenses range from daily and one-time wear styles, to FDA- approved overnight lenses, thus creating a variation in how long contact lenses can be worn. However, medical experts believe that one should be able to wear your contacts for a full day without any problem. This length of time can be as long as 16 hours a day for some people, but may only be eight hours a day for others. Typically, those with dry, sensitive eyes can’t wear contacts for as long as someone who does not suffer from these symptoms. If this is the case, switching to contacts specifically designed for dry, sensitive eyes could be beneficial. If you are new to contact lenses and have been wondering how long you should wear contact lenses for the first time, the same rules typically apply. Wearing contacts for the first time may initially cause some awareness, and it will take your body a couple minutes, hours, or even days to get accustomed to the sensation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com