THE Federal Government on Wednesday said it has yet to conclude the selection process for the 2020 scholarship awards to candidates under the Bilateral Education Agreement (BEA), describing the award list circulating in a section of the media as fake. Director, Press and Public Relations, Mr Ben Bem Goong, in a statement in Abuja said the conclusion of the 2020 awards has been delayed due to the impact of COVID-19 and would be uploaded on the Ministry’s website as soon as the exercise is concluded. He urged Nigerians to disregard the purported list being circulated to embarrass the Ministry or with the intent to dupe unsuspecting candidates. Goong said: “The attention of the Federal Ministry of Education has been drawn to a fake list circulating on social media platforms under the above caption and to the effect that the Federal Ministry of Education has approved scholarship awards to the listed candidates under the 2020 Bilateral Education Agreement (BEA). “The Ministry wishes to state that the list which has been partly extracted and manipulated from applications received by the Ministry only for awards obtainable for Russia, did not emanate from the Ministry and is purely the handiwork of mischief-makers. “The authentic list of all the scholarship awardees from 2009 to date is available on the Ministry’s website; www.education.gov.ng for members of the public to access. “The conclusion of the 2020 awards has been delayed due to the impact of COVID-19 and will be uploaded on the Ministry’s website; www.education.gov.ng as soon as the exercise is concluded. “The general public is hereby advised to disregard the fake list being circulated to embarrass the Ministry or with the intent to dupe unsuspecting candidates. “I am to add that candidates will be contacted directly by the Federal Scholarship Board and the awarding/host countries on their selection. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…Scholarship list circulating Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…Scholarship list circulating  Scholarship list circulating Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…Scholarship list circulating  Scholarship list circulating FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY