THE Jigawa State governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar said his government has cleared a 150-kilometre river blocked by typer grass and constructed 27-kilometre-long drainage for flood prevention and control. The governor made the disclosure while commenting on his administration efforts on averting flooding and other environmental challenges. Alhaji Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar said his administration also cleared 150 of typer grass in 15 communities within 13 local government areas along Hadejia/Kamadugu river where serious flooding destroys lives and farm produces every year. According to him, “since assumption till now, we produced and distributed 10 million assorted seedlings and established a thirty-kilometre shelter belt to address soil erosion and desert encroachment.” He stated further that “additional one kilometre of shelterbelt will be established in four desertification frontline local government areas on the Nigerian/Niger republic border.” Abubakar maintained that “to address the improvement of farming, valued change addition as well as establishment of agro-allied industries, trees have to be planted for a sustainable environment.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.