Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State on Wednesday presented a cheque of N20 million to the widow of late Colonel Dahiru Chiroma Bako, who died as a result of the Boko Haram attack around Damboa. The governor presented the cheque during his condolence visit to the widow at the Guest House of the 7 Division of the Nigerian Army, Maiduguri, where he also announced donation of N2 million each to the families of three soldiers who died along with the Colonel during the attack. Governor Zulum had announced the donation of N20 million to his families during the burial of the late Dahiru Bako on Tuesday. The governor was received during the visit to the widow by the acting General Officer Commanding 7 Division of the Nigerian Army, Brigadier General A.K. Ibrahim and other officers of the division. According to the governor: “I was made to aware that three other soldiers also lost their lives along with Colonel Bako. Therefore, I have made the donation of N2 million each to their families.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panelists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com