Public and private schools in Kwara State are to resume normal academic classes from Monday, October 5, a government statement has said. “With various training held for teachers on how to protect themselves and students from the COVID-19 infection, improved manpower in monitoring and case tracings, and an appreciable guarantee of some protection for the children, the government hereby directs the reopening of elementary schools from October 5,” according to a statement by the Commissioner for Communications Harriet Afolabi-Oshatimehin. ALSO READ: Nigeria yet to find its bearing as it celebrates its 60th anniversary ― Afenifere “Similarly, state-owned tertiary institutions are to reopen from October 12 or as may be determined by their respective governance structures. “COVID-19 is still with us. The government, therefore, urges school authorities to ensure that all safety protocols are adhered to, including physical distance, use of face masks, and constant washing of hands with soap and water, in order to flatten the curve of transmission of the virus. The government similarly wishes our students and teacher a safe stay in school while promising to continue to do its best to keep the citizens safe at all times. Schools with scanty regards for safety protocols risk being shut.” Schools had been ordered shut since 23rd March following the outbreak of the virus. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!