National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) has disbursed a total sum of N13.3 billion to 15, 246 beneficiaries of the national youth empowerment programme called N-Power in Kwara state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Wednesday, the state focal person of the programme, Hajia Bashirah Abdulrazaq, said that batch A beneficiaries of the programme were engaged for a period of 42 months and were paid a total sum of N7.4 billion. The NSIP focal person, who said that batch B beneficiaries spent about 24 months, added that they were paid a total sum of N5.7 billion. “non-graduates received the sum of N10,000 every month and were engaged for a period of 24 months with a total sum of over N24 million spent”, she added. She also said that the Kwara state government has replicated the youth empowerment programme in the state, codenamed K-Power, in order not to throw beneficiaries into the labour market after exiting N-Power. Hajia Abdulrazaq, who said that about 10,000 people benefitted from “trader moni” programme in the state with over N1.3 billion disbursed to them, lamented that the people were not willing to repay the loan. ALSO READ: KOSIEC to conduct local government elections December 12, 2020 “Poor masses are not ready to repay the loan after collection because of the attitude of Nigerian to anything from the government thinking it is national cake. Also, those that disbursed the money do not have records of beneficiaries like phone numbers and addresses. Thus, making it difficult to track them for repayment. “The programme is designed to provide soft loans to boost small scale businesses in the markets which Vice President Yemi Osinbajo flagged off sometime last year to support women with N10,000 as soft loans to be paid back and then enjoy the next stage of N50,000. “Unfortunately, many beneficiaries didn’t pay back or the channel for payment was not identified, therefore, beneficiaries could not fulfil their pledges. Though, the component is going through restructuring to seeing it achieves its objectives”, she said. Hajia Abdulrazaq also said that the state government has replicated NSIP scheme in the state, tagged Kwara state Social investment programme, (KWASSIP), adding that, “in view of that, governor Abdulrazaq keyed into the programme by establishing the following, owo arugbo- stipend for the aged, owo isowo- soft loans to petty traders, ounje ofe -homegrown free feeding programme for public primary school pupils and K-Power for the unskilled youth”, she said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com