The House of Representatives has reiterated the resolve of the National Assembly towards continued review of the Nigeria Police Act, which was signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari. The House gave the assurance via it’s the official Twitter handle: @HouseNGR underscored the need for government to live up to its primary responsibility of protecting lives and property of all its citizens. “President @Mbuhari’s assent of the Nigeria Police Act 2020 is a welcome development. “On the 2nd July 2020, the 9th House of Representatives passed the Police Act, 2020. “The Act seeks to provide for an efficient police service that will ensure accountability and transparency. “The Act is the first step of a broader action towards wholesale reform of the Nigerian policing and national security infrastructure. “The House of Representatives will continue to review the Act in its implementation to identify additional ways to improve our policing so that government can live up to its primary responsibility of protecting the lives and property of all Nigerians.” Meanwhile, a cross-section of Nigerians who responded to the tweet expressed a divergent opinion on the legislation. @Etimwillz – “Does your reform include the use of body cams? If not, then it not a reform.” @Kongees – “Welcome development? So what is happening to Gov. Wike at Benin? Hundreds of riot policemen laying siege around the hotel he’s staying. We are deceiving ourselves.” @fodwinakhigbe4 – “I don’t think it would change anything substantially. It’s cosmetic. Nothing will change, the Nigerian system is wired not to succeed.” @Austine12775664 – “Incompetence is worse than corruption because it cripples innovation and creativity needed for onward advancement.” @mukharus – “The only reform that will bring positive change in Nigerian police is one that tackles corruption, lack of professionalism, inadequate financing and entrenches rigorous oversight, accountability, transparency.” @Authoriti007 – “Implementation is key. Not public watering policies that bear no fruits. Will it curb police brutality and guarantee freedom of speech and the right to protests without police intimidation and killing of innocents Nigerians.” @ObetaMax – “Does it include the public taking video and photographs of police when they’re acting? Does it also include police carrying body cams?” @mr_adewuyi – “Not bad development at all. I hope this covers operations of #SARS @femigbaja @HouseNGR.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt…Reps assure on police act Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…Reps assure on police act Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja…Reps assure on police act  Reps assure on police act NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com