Police in Ondo State on Monday attributed the last Thursday fire outbreak that razed a section of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) office in Akure, Ondo State capital to an electrical surge. The state Commissioner of Police, Mr Bolaji Salami who disclosed this while briefing newsmen said the interim investigation indicated that the inferno was caused by faulty electrical connection in the office where over 5,000 card reader machines were burnt. Salami who ruled out any sabotage said the outcome of the investigation revealed that electrical surge from the air conditioners inside the containers housing the card readers led to the fire outbreak. He said the talks of saboteurs causing the fire were untrue, saying the report by the Ondo Fire Service on the incident has laid to rest the issues of saboteurs setting the containers and the card readers ablaze. He assured members of the public that any other findings on the fire incident would be made public. He said, “Investigation into the incident is out. The fire was caused by faulty electrical connection and all the smart card readers were burnt. The smart cards were kept in two containers in the premises of INEC and the air conditioners were kept on for 24 hours. ALSO READ: Lagos Assembly commends LASU for being number two in Nigeria “This will put to rest speculations that the fire was caused by saboteurs. If there are other findings we will let you know. For now, the major cause is faulty electrical connections. “This report is final from the fire service. They have the authority to investigate fire incidents in Akure.” It will be recalled that section of INEC office in Akure, the state capital was affected by a late fire incident, destroying about 5141 card readers meant for the forthcoming election in the state. Some political parties had called for a thorough investigation into the incident for the purposes of arresting the perpetrators. Speaking on the alleged destruction of campaign posters and banners by political opponents, Salami said his men were on the alert to arrest perpetrators. “We are working hard to curtail political violence. We are meeting with political leaders to tell their followers to desist from attacking each other. We are investigating all aspects around the killing in Idanre.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com