A Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan on Thursday dissolved a 21-year-old union between a painter, Ojo Ayeni and his wife, Sade, over her refusal to cook food for her family for two years. Earlier, Ayeni, alleged that wife stopped cooking for him and his three children in 2018. Delivering judgment, Odunade, dissolved in the interest of peace. He granted custody of the first child to Ayeni and the last two to Sade. The court ordered Ojo to pay N10,000 as monthly feeding allowance. Earlier while testifying, Ayeni said that anytime he reported her to her parents and family members, Sade never took him seriously. ALSO READ: Flood wreaks havoc in Kwara communities “My lord, the problem even worsened when Sade started mocking me whenever she sees me cooking for the children. “In fact, she now returns home very late in the night and has caused great division in the home. “I have developed a High Blood Pressure as a result and I would not want to resolve to self-help,” Ojo said. Responding, Sade, objected to the divorce suit and denied some of the allegations levelled against her. “Yes. I admit that I stopped cooking my husband’s meals because he accused me of trying to poison the food,” Sade said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… court Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… court Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… court SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com