A 50 years old man, Bawada Audu of Rimin Zayan village in Toro LGA of Bauchi State has been arrested by the State Police Command for culpable homicide by burying his grandchild alive. A press release by the State Command signed by the PPRO, DSP Ahmed Wakili made available to newsmen on Saturday contained that On 16/09/2020 at about 1000hrs, a joint operation between the Police and human rights brought one Hafsat Bawada aged 17yrs of Rimin Zayam Toro L.G.A Bauchi to the Divisional Headquarters in Toro who allegedly gave birth to a male child on 14/09/2020 at about 0200hrs but her father allegedly seized the child and buried it alive behind his house. The PPRO stated that upon receipt of the report, the police moved to the house and the corpse was exhumed, rushed to General Hospital, Toro where it was certified dead by the medical doctor. Hafsat, however, pointed at one Danjuma Malam Uba of the same address to have allegedly had carnal knowledge of her sometime in early 2020 and left the village to remain at large. Hafsat and the corpse of the child were released to the village head of Rimin Ziyam for burial, after which the suspect was arrested and confessed to the crime. The Commissioner of Police, Lawan Tanko Jimeta commended members of the public especially those that keyed into Sexual and Gender-based Violence (SGBV)  calling on parents/guardians to closely monitor their children and equally sensitize them to keep a distance from people of bad characters. The Commissioner of Police while reaffirming his zero tolerance for corruption and other social vices, ordered all the suspects arrested to be profiled, investigated and charged to court without any delay. The command, however, urged members of the public not to relent in providing useful information that may assist the Police in making the state safe and to ensure that people in the State sleep with their two eyes closed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt…man arrested for burying  man arrested for burying Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…man arrested for burying man arrested for burying Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja…man arrested for burying man arrested for burying NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com