Ahead of his Riddim Doctors Project debut album, renowned Nigerian Grammy-winning recording artist and talking drum master, Sikiru Adepoju is out with another Single, “Goin’ Somewhere.” The third of a nine-track album, “Goin’ Somewhere” comes barely a month after the artist dropped “Take Me Home, Country Roads”—a vibrant remake of John Denver’s iconic song of the same title. All works are off his ỌPẸ (Gratitude) album—powered by the Riddim Doctors Project—to be released officially via MansMark Records on September 24, 2020, across all digital platforms and Compact Disc outlets. “Goin’ Somewhere” is available now across all digital music stores including Spotify, Apple Music, iTunes Store, and Amazon Music. The song began with Sikiru Adepoju and it flows from there—Zakir Hussain (Tablas) and Sikiru Adepoju (Dundun) spontaneously laid the foundation (on the Second Take) for Giovanni Hidalgo (Congas) to creatively finish in One Take, leading to the construction of this Living Drum-machine taking -off unfettered, into the 21st century. Keyboards and Steeldrum color this speedy musical vehicle, belching Thunder, stirred up by Lightning Hands!” The final output is a music credit for Sikiru Adepoju, Giovanni Hidalgo, Zakir Hussain, Femi Ojetunde and Douglas Val Serrant.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com