In view of incessant hikes in petrol and diesel rates, it should be a major economic concern of an average person, when his/her vehicle is not running optimally. Most problems related to high fuel consumption are linked to engine problems, directly or indirectly. Here are five common issues that can stimulate your vehicle to burn more fuel while on the run: If your air filter is clogged with lint and other dirt particles, it will make it harder for air to travel to the combustion chamber. This means that the engine will have to exert more energy to perform, which translates to more fuel being burnt.  As time progresses, your engine oil becomes thicker and this affects how freely it can flow through the engine components. In turn, the engine constituents will require more fuel to operate.  Keeping your tires pumped with the appropriate amount of air pressure goes beyond being able to run smoothly on the road. Low tire pressure results in more wear and resistance for the tires; a burden that is usually transferred to the engine to balance out the additional resistance by consuming more fuel.  Quite understandably, Nigeria has a highly tropical climate and air conditioning makes our journeys more bearable. However, it is noteworthy to understand that such luxury comes at a cost – higher fuel consumption! A vehicle’s engine requires more fuel to meet the demands of the air conditioning system. Interestingly, driving fast with the windows open encourages higher consumption of fuel because the vehicle battles wind resistance and more fuel to proceed.  The purpose of oxygen sensor is to monitor the mixture of air and fuel in the combustion chamber. It sends cues to the power train control module to add fuel, as required. The implication of having a malfunctioning oxygen sensor is that it can communicate wrong signals to release more fuel than is required at any point in time.  There are some practices that require very minimal effort that can help to cut back on high fuel consumption and get your fuel economy on better levels: All things considered, improving your vehicle’s fuel economy does not have to be complicated. If you take advantage of some of these tips, your vehicle may not have to undergo major repairs to rectify high levels of fuel consumption. After exercising these cautionary measures, a visit to a mechanic should be your next action, if the problem proves to be more extreme. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politician, Others Offended By My Husband Should Forgive Him ― Adedibu’s Widow
Wife of the late strongman of Oyo State politics Alhaji Lamidi Ariyibi Adedibu, Alhaja Modinat Abosede Adedibu has come out to appeal to those he offended while alive to forgive him, as there is no human being that does not make mistakes. She also added that since he is now late, those who offended him too… Kill Me Rather Than Destroy My Cannabis Farm ― Suspect Begs NDLEA In Kogi
A suspected Cannabis Sativa farmer, Clement Akor, has begged the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to take his life instead of destroying his 10-hectare cannabis plantation. Akor, a 42 years old father of six children from Enabo village in Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State was arrested by the Kogi State command of… CAMA Is Against Religious Institutions In Nigeria ―CUPP
The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) on Wednesday said that the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) was being targeted at religious institutions in the country. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the spokesman of CUPP, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere said that it was also a plot by the Federal Government to have access to finance… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com