9PSB (Payment Service Bank), a subsidiary of 9mobile, has said it has been granted approval by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to commence operations in the country. 9mobile, in a statement over the weekend, said that its *990# payment service banking platform would help drive financial inclusion in Nigeria’s ecosystem. It said that CBN’s approval to 9PSB would also save bank customers from long queues in banking halls, network failure, stringent documentations to access credit facilities and frequent transaction/dispensing error, among others. Speaking on 9PSB’s entrance into Nigeria’s financial sector, 9mobile Chief Executive Officer, Mr  Alan Sinfield, said: “There is a huge potential in the market and 9PSB is strategically positioned to expand its operations into financial services. “We are happy to be the first Payment Service Bank to provide all Nigerians with access to banking services and open up a digital world of possibilities to improve everyday lives. “We know that this new development will further improve the country and the people going forward. “In 2018, 9mobile partnered with UBA to roll out 9Pay, a mobile payment solution while also pushing for a fintech license. “We are delighted that we have now secured final approval for a Payment Service Bank.” Commenting, 9mobile Chief Financial Officer, Mr Phillips Oki said: “The financial inclusion that 9PSB will provide will be an enabler to achieving unparalleled benefits in everyday transactions.” According to him, the code *990# allows Nigerians to perform all financial transactions, including utilities payment from the comfort of their phones and homes on any mobile network at no charge. Oki said that with a large network of agents strategically located in both urban and rural communities, 9PSB would make sending and receiving money seamless and less stressful for all Nigerians. “9PSB is also available on mobile app and internet banking for ease of banking and simplicity. Over the coming weeks, 9PSB will unveil its products and services to Nigerians. “9PSB will no doubt bring relief to all Nigerians. This is because Payment Service Banks facilitate sending remittances across the country from one user to another, bypassing the banks. “Also, 9PSB will reach the people at the bottom of the pyramid to facilitate financial inclusion especially in the rural setting and increase financial payment in Nigeria,” Oki further said. Oki noted that a survey conducted by the Enhancing Financial Innovation and Access (EFInA) in 2010 indicated that over 54 million Nigerians above the age of 18 were either served by informal institutions or totally unbanked. He said that in October 2012, the CBN introduced the National Financial Inclusion Strategy (NFIS) to provide Payment Service Banks across Nigeria. Oki noted that the aim of introducing the NFIS was to  break the traditional barrier preventing financial inclusion and promoting low cost, secure and convenient financial services across the country.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…