In a bid to deliver more  humanitarian service to the public, Rotary Club of Ibadan – Ologuneru, District 9125, has called on well meaning Nigerians to join the club towards delivering more humanitarian service. The call was made by the president, Rotary Club of Ibadan – Ologuneru, Rotn Adejare Oluwatosin,  during a two day membership retreat held at town house hotel, Iyaganku Ibadan on Friday and Saturday respectively. According to Adejare, the event  was organised in celebration of the  Rotary  Membership  and New Club development  month, adding that the retreat is also meant to orientate the prospective members about Rotary Club. She said “apart from orientating the prospective members about the activities of Rotary Club,   the retreat is  also aimed  at  giving room for bonding between    the old  and  new members.” She added that the event  was also aimed at  encouraging  members to give more of themselves to  service and also to do membership drive by bringing more quality people to join rotary the club. Stressing on the importance of giving back to the society, Adejare urged  well meaning Nigerians to join hands with the club towards delivering humanitarian service to the public. She said:  “As Rotarians,  our purpose is to bring together business and professional leaders  in other to provide humanitarian service , and this is why we encourage the public to join the club so as to develop a heart of giving.” Other speakers at the two day workshop include immediate past president Rotary Club of  Ibadan-Ologuneru, Rotn Segun Makanjuola, Chatter President of Rotary Club of  Ibadan- Oritamefa ,  Olawale Olayemi, The Club Assistant governor, Rotn Isaac Ajibike,  and  the District General, Rotn Dayo Odetola. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through…Rotary Club charges Nigerians  Rotary Club charges Nigerians Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and…Rotary Club charges Nigerians  Rotary Club charges Nigerians Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally…Rotary Club charges Nigerians  Rotary Club charges Nigerians FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.