The police in Lagos State have warned against any rally or protest in the state ahead of the Thursday Independence Day celebration. This was contained in a statement signed by the image-maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi and made available to Tribune Online on Wednesday. According to Adejobi, the state police commissioner, Hakeem Odumosu had directed the officers and men of the command not to allow any rally or protest in any part of the state The police image maker said, “The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Command, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has instructed officers and men of the command to disallow any unlawful societies, under whatever disguise, from staging rallies or protests within the state on Thursday, 1st October 2020.” ” The Police boss read the riot act today during a security meeting with the Area Commanders, Divisional Police Officers and Heads of Department at the conference room, State Headquarters, GRA, Ikeja on Wednesday.” He also continued that “While the Commissioner of Police announced the cancellation, by the Lagos State Government, of the ceremonial parade to commemorate Nigeria’s 60th Independence Anniversary, he warned that the command will not allow any gatherings, rallies or protests against the sovereignty of Nigeria in the state.” CP Hakeem Odumosu similarly warned parents and guardians to warn their children and wards to desist from any rallies, protests or be mobilized to wage war against the government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, or else they (parents or guardians) of any youths arrested for such activities will be prosecuted. The Commissioner of Police, however, appealed to the general public to be law-abiding, desist from violence and any act that is capable of disrupting the sovereignty of Nigeria. In the same vein, the Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Department of Information and Communication Technology, DIG Celestine Okoye, fsi, addressed the officers at the instance of the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on the need to maintain law and order in the state and repel any forces that can disintegrate Nigeria. DIG Okoye also sounded a note of warning that officers and men of the Command must act within the ambit of the law in every situation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Police warn against protest  Police warn against protest Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Police warn against protest  Police warn against protest Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Police warn against protest  Police warn against protest NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!