President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday described the death of two Borno Emirs- the Shehu of Bama, Shehu Kyari Ibn Umar El-Kanemi and the Emir of Biu Mai Umar Mustapha Aliyu in rapid succession as a “rare double tragedy,” and a painful loss to the people of Nigeria. He made the declaration in separate letters of condolence delivered to Governor Babagana Zulum and the Shehu of Borno, Shehu Abubakar Ibn-Umar Garbai El-Kanemi by a government delegation led by Malam Adamu Adamu, the Minister of Education. According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) the President Buhari said “such a rare tragedy is especially painful for the people of Borno and Nigeria at large.” ALSO READ: Oba of Benin congratulates gov Obaseki In the letters, President Buhari noted that “their contributions to keeping the peace and stability in their respective Emirates especially in the wake of recent years of violence and disturbances caused by Boko Haram have been appreciated by the government and people of Nigeria. Their exemplary leadership in the face of adversity is worthy of emulation by their successors.” According to the statement, the leader of the delegation commended Governor Babagana Zulum for doing so much in the face of personal danger to make peace and safety of his people his number one agenda. The Governor urged the delegation, which included two ministers of state, Mustapha Shehuri, Agriculture and rural development and Engineer Abubakar Aliyu, Works and Housing as well as Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, to convey the gratitude and appreciation of the government and people of Borno State to President Buhari for his love, respect and caring attitude towards the state and its people.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com