Six robbery suspects who operated in military uniform along the Lagos-Ore-Benin expressway were on Tuesday paraded by the Ogun State Police Command. They were arrested by the operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) after they were fished out from their different hideouts within and outside the state. Those arrested were Ikechukwu Alore, Ifeanyi Emmanuel, Chibueze Kingsley, Obiora Michael, Elias John and Vincent Magnus. Also paraded were two armed herdsmen, who abducted and raped a 16-year-old girl at Afowowa Farm Settlement in Ewekoro local government area of the state. The Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, said the Command would continue to rid out criminals. The Police boss said the herders were arrested by a police team from Ewekoro Division following a distress call that the duo of Abubakar Adamu and Muhammadu Aliyu,  and three others gang-raped one Aminat Okeshola in a cassava plantation. They were said to have dispossessed her of the sum of N140,000. Items recovered from the 7-man robbery gang included 3-sets of military camouflage uniform, a military vest, a nose mask in army camouflage, a military head warmer and camouflage bag as well as an imitation gun, wrapped in cellotape. Others recovered from the armed herdsmen included one Jackknife and two long sticks. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Buhari Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Ghanaian President In Abuja President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday night met behind closed doors with President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana at the Presidential Villa, Abuja… MONDAY LINES: Tell Ize-Iyamu To Sue Oshiomhole Four years ago, philosophical Adams Oshiomhole invoked Godwin Obaseki’s first name against Osagie Ize-Iyamu’s chi. He said “you have heard from Godwin. Who says God must not win. Even death can’t say so. God must win. Let any man living raise his hands  and say, ‘No, God will not win.’ E no go finish? God must win.” He went further into the metaphysics of names and naming and warned that “when you are giving your pikin name, check am well well…” [ICYMI] EdoDecides2020: How Battle Between Oshiomhole And Shaibu For Etsako West Ended Edo Deputy Governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu, battled his estranged godfather and former National Chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, for the soul of the Etsako West Local Government Area in the Saturday governorship election in the state… | robbery suspects  | robbery suspects | robbery suspects | SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com