Nigeria’s House Committee on Aviation has given the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika October 12, 2020, to appear before the lower house to defend the ongoing plan to concede four international airports across the country. The minister who was personally expected to appear before the house and defend the airports’ concession projects was said to have, against the expectation sent the permanent secretary at the ministry to represent him. The development according to information gathered did not go down with the lawmakers who insisted that the minister should appear to personally defend the airport concession plan. ALSO READ: Corruption goes against our core values ― Buhari The minister was given a new date of October 12, 2020, to appear to defend the project. The four airports set aside for concession include Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, Nnamdi Azije International Airport, Abuja, Malam Aminu Kano International Airport, Kano and Porth Harcourt International Airport. The minister was also instructed to come with necessary documents that have to do with the other concessions across the airports. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. airport Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com