The Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) has alerted Nigerians to activities of recruitment fraudsters who have opened fake portals and online advertisements to defraud unsuspecting applicants for the ongoing Federal Government Teachers Scheme recruitment exercise. The Commission had on September 7, 2020, announced commencement for registration of candidates for recruitment into the Federal Teachers Scheme (FTS). But the management of UBEC is concerned that soon after the publication of the said announcement in some national dailies, a number of fake adverts are being circulated on the same subject. The Public Relations Officer of UBEC, Dr Ossom Ossom, in a statement, on Sunday, in Abuja, therefore, warned prospective candidates to circumspect and ignore all sorts of demand by the scammer, including a request for Bank Verification Number and payment of registration. Ossom said: Prospective candidates are advised to note that UBEC is not requesting candidates to pay for registration. The entire recruitment process is free. “UBEC is not requesting for candidate’s Bank Account Number or BVN. Your Bank has repeatedly warned you against giving out these to people. “UBEC has not contracted any agency to act for or on its behalf in the recruitment exercise. “The only available portal for online application for FTS  recruitment is: https://fts.admissions.cloud. “Read UBEC advert in Daily Trust, Nigerian Tribune, Daily Sun of Monday, September 7,  2020. “Seek further clarifications on this subject from SUBEBs, UBEC Zonal and State Offices. “UBEC bears no responsibility for candidates who patronise unofficial sources in the ongoing recruitment of teachers into FTS,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… UBEC fake recruitment portal SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com