National Institute for Cultural Orientation (NICO) has revved up the use of indigenous Nigerian languages as a strategic tool to sustain and cultivate national integration and peaceful co-existence among Nigerians, with focal attention on the military, Police and paramilitary personnels living in barracks. Ado Mohammed Yahuza, appointed barely a week ago by President Mohammandu Buhari to turn around the fortunes of NICO, stated that Nigeria’s over 400 indigenous languages are threatened and may go into exctintion if concerted effort are not put in place rev up the  use of indigenous languages as a means  of communication. Speaking at Premier Police Training College In Ikeja, the NICO boss explained that time had come for serious practical application and use of Nigerian indigenous languages in every day activities, hence the effort by NICO to target national security  barracks all the country as training grounds for the program. The barracks initiative seamlessly driven in six geopolitical zones of the country, is breasting the tape for a second time but this time retooled to effectively sustain the use and revival of Nigerian indigenous languages. According to Comrade Ado Mohammed Yahuza, the program was designed to address critical issues of language dislocation and its serious implications for Culture and national development. “ The alarm has been raised in socio linguistics circles that over 90 per cent of the world’s 7,000 languages may go into exctintion by the next century and worrisome is that indigenous languages such as Igbo and Yoruba may not survive the next 50 years if urgent measures are not put in place to reverse the trend” he explained. Throwing more light on the NICO indigenous languages revival strategy, Comrade Ado Mohammed Yahuza noted that the first edition, captured students during long vacation, usually held in August ever year while the second edition was tailored for the working class during weekends and ongoing edition, third  in the series, captures use of indigenous languages in the barracks with an online edition as the fourth outing still in the pipeline. He told the commandant and Commissioner of police in charge of the Police Training College, officers and men that the barracks as mini Nigeria, would benefit from the language training program which would foster peace, unity and social integration. “It will also enhance espirit -de-corps, promote cordial relationship between officers and their host communities and also enhance intelligence and information gathering.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politician, Others Offended By My Husband Should Forgive Him ― Adedibu’s Widow Wife of the late strongman of Oyo State politics Alhaji Lamidi Ariyibi Adedibu, Alhaja Modinat Abosede Adedibu has come out to appeal to those he offended while alive to forgive him, as there is no human being that does not make mistakes. She also added that since he is now late, those who offended him too…NICO takes indigenous Kill Me Rather Than Destroy My Cannabis Farm ― Suspect Begs NDLEA In Kogi A suspected Cannabis Sativa farmer, Clement Akor, has begged the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to take his life instead of destroying his 10-hectare cannabis plantation. Akor, a 42 years old father of six children from Enabo village in Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State was arrested by the Kogi State command of…NICO takes indigenous NICO takes indigenous CAMA Is Against Religious Institutions In Nigeria ―CUPP The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) on Wednesday said that the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) was being targeted at religious institutions in the country. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the spokesman of CUPP, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere said that it was also a plot by the Federal Government to have access to finance…NICO takes indigenous  NICO takes indigenous SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com