The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has confirmed the death of one person at Nnewi in Anambra when a heavy-duty vehicle rammed into a motorcycle on Thursday night. FRSC’s Sector Commander in the state, Mr Andrew Kumapayi, who confirmed the accident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka on Friday. Kumapayi said the accident occurred along Ozubulu road, Awka. ALSO READ: Commodity exchange trains 200 farmers on trading, other in Gombe “It was gathered that a blue and white Honda motorcycle, without a registration number, was hit by a Mercedes Benz 911 tipper with registration number XH712PHC. “One out of the three male adults involved in the crash lost his life – the motorcyclist,’’ he said. According to Kumapayi, the body of the accident victim has been deposited at St. Felix Okolo Hospital at Nnewi. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Minister commends NBMA on regulations for GMOs THE Minister of state in the Federal Ministry of environment Mrs. Sharon Ikeazor has commended the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) for its efforts in ensuring that the activities of modern Biotechnology and its products are properly regulated. https://tribuneonlineng.com/minister-commends-nbma-on-regulations-for-gmos/ accident, FRSC FG reiterates commitment to protection of schools The Federal Government has reiterated its commitment to the protection of schools and learning centres across the country from violence and all forms of attacks. Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu in a statement on Wednesday, commemorating the first International Day for the Protection of Education from Attack, stated that the protection of learners, teaching and non-teaching personnel, schools and learning centres from all forms of attacks was an obligation of government and all relevant stakeholders. FG reiterates commitment to protection of schools  Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com