Eleven professors of the University of Ibadan, three from the University of Ilorin, one each from Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife; Federal University of Technology, Akure; University of Port Harcourt; and Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Ogbomoso are in the race to become the 13th Vice-Chancellor (VC) of the University of Ibadan (UI). The 11 applicants from the University of Ibadan are Kayode Adebowale of the Department of Chemistry, Abideen Aderinto of Sociology department, Professor Olusegun Ademowo of the Institute of Medical Research and Training (IMRAT); Ebenezer Farombi of Biochemistry; Temitope Alonge of the department of Orthopaedics and Trauma. The list of UI professors vying to become the next Vice-Chancellor also includes Oluwabunmi Olapade-Olaopa of the department of Surgery; Kolapo Hamzat of Physiotherapy; Oladele Layiwola of the Institute of African Studies; Clement Kolawole of the department of Arts and Social Science Education; Babatunde Salako of the department of Medicine; Aderemi Raji-Oyelade of the department of English. Professors of other universities who applied for the University of Ibadan Vice Chancellorship position includes Femi Mimiko of the department of International Relations, Obafemi Awolowo University; the trio of Lateef Adeleke, Adebayo Lawal and Hassan Saliu from the University of Ilorin. ALSO READ: We have 45 days to release results ― WAEC Other non-UI applicants are Hakeem Fawehinmi of the University of Port Harcourt; Rasaq Kalilu of the department of Fine & Applied Arts, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Ogbomoso; and Kayode Onifade of the department of Microbiology, Federal University of Technology, Akure. Meanwhile, the race to produce the next Vice-Chancellor of the University of Ibadan will hot up on Thursday as 16 out of the 18 contestants present their agenda to the university community, via Zoom (virtual platform). As typical in the race to become Vice-Chancellor of the university, this year’s forum tagged, “The Voice of the Next UI VC, Who is Next?”, offers a platform for staff, students and other members of the university community to meet the aspirants, listen to them and ask them questions. Many who will be logging into the event will be keen to know who among the aspirants possesses the requisite capacities to lead the nation’s first university onto a higher pedestal among the comity of universities in the world, in the next five years. Though similar public debate previously held in 2000, 2010 and 2015, it was gathered that Thursday’s event is categorized as a non-scoring event in the race to produce the next Vice-Chancellor of the University of Ibadan.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com