With the steady return of normalcy across the country after five months of COVID-19 pandemic lock-in, youths in Magboro, an Ogun outskirt have found increased fancy in outdoor games more than ever before. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports increased engagement in early morning sporting activities, especially football from as early as 7.30 a.m. The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 had on Thursday issued fresh guidelines on the ease of COVID-19 lockdown which includes a nod for other sporting activities to hold without fans in the stadium among others. This has been much to the delight of the youth. An amateur footballer, Alex Okibe, who could not hide his joy told NAN that the five-month of non-sporting activity had been tough for him as an individual. “Those five months were like five years to me, but in all, it is wonderful coming back to play football, the game I so much enjoy. “Today is a testimony of how people have missed playing football with the number of people here. “Now, I am easing up and burning the fat in my body as a result of the lockdown. For me, football is the only thing I do. “I am happy that things are getting back to normal now,” he said. Anslem Chinoso said that coming back to play with his colleagues after the ban was a big relief. “I am very happy to play with my colleagues, it is a big relief for me. Many of us have missed this game and we are happy to be back. “Staying at home doing nothing during the weekends is not good for us, but now we can engage ourselves to keep fit,” he said. On how the first day of playing together after the ease of lockdown attracted many youths, Charles Bassey said he had yet to understand how it came about. “I did not call anybody, neither did we fix an appointment to meet here. I am even surprised to see them here. “It is not a hidden fact that many must have missed playing football. Before the lockdown, we used to play football here during the weekend, but no announcement was made prior today. “Its good to play alongside others here and that is the same feelings with my colleagues as well,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring…Youths storm open field Youths storm open field E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to…Youths storm open field Youths storm open field 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform…Youths storm open field  Youths storm open field FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY