The Anambra State Police Command has arrested a three-man syndicate who allegedly abducted a 24-year-old lady (name withheld), under Pretext of securing a job for her. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Haruna Mohammed, who disclosed this in a press release in Awka, said the suspects allegedly raped the victim repeatedly while in captivity despite collecting N400,000 Ransom from her relatives. According to Mohammed; On the 19/9/2020 at about 2:00 pm, police operatives attached to the Command Special Anti Robbery Squad(SARS) arrested the following syndicate in Awkuzu, Oyi Local Government Area of the State, Ekwugha Innocent Chinazo ‘m’ aged 25years of Mgbguzo Awkuzu, Chidiebere Ogoegbunam ‘m’ aged 24years of Egbu Awkuzu and David Nnaemeka ‘m’ aged 19years of same address. He explains that the suspects had on the 13/9/2020 lured a 24 years old lady residing at ST Micheal hostel Temp side Awka under the pretext of securing for her a beauty makeup job, picked her up at Ukpo junction along Enugu- Onitsha Expressway and took her to an isolated building at Awkuzu where they allegedly raped the victim repeatedly while in captivity for two days despite collecting a ransom of four hundred thousand Naira(#400,000) from her relatives. Meanwhile, the suspects have voluntarily confessed to the crime and the victim was taken to the hospital for medical examination. An investigation is still ongoing after which suspects would be brought to book. Consequently, the command enjoined the public to be wary of this new trend of crime and report suspicious persons through the police emergency number 07039194332 or the nearest police station for a prompt response. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt…Police nab 3 men Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…Police nab 3 men  Police nab 3 men Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja…Police nab 3 men  Police nab 3 men NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com