Former Ekiti state governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose, has congratulated Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, on his victory during last Saturday’s governorship poll, calling on him not to return to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Obaseki who joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in June after he was disqualified by the APC, defeated Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC in the election results announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday. Fayose in a statement, on Sunday, noted that the PDP came to the rescue of Obaseki when he was disqualified, saying he should disregard all pressure to return to the former party. “I congratulate Governor Godwin Obaseki and urge him to see this victory as a challenge by the people of Edo State to do more for them. Most importantly, I wish to remind him that PDP came to his rescue in his hour of political need and he should remain in the party, not minding the pressure that will be mounted on him,” he said. The PDP chieftain explained that the results of the election was a confirmation of the fact credible and free and fair election is possible in the country when the Federal Government allowed the electoral umpire and the security were allowed to do their work without interference. According to him, “The outcome of Edo State election has shown once again that we can have free, fair and credible elections if those in control of the FG allow INEC and security agencies to do their jobs without interference. ALSO READ: TRUE! Oxford University Press has made some books free for all online “I also congratulate the people of Edo State, Nigerians and most importantly, the PDP for this sweet victory. “Most importantly, I congratulate my friend and ‘younger brother’, Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State for leading the PDP to this very important electoral victory. ” May this mark the beginning of that all-important deliverance of Nigeria and its people from the bondage of APC.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fayose congratulates Obaseki SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com