The chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Governor Mai Mala Buni and the chairman of the Edo state APC gubernatorial election campaign council met with President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday ostensibly on the weekend poll lost by the party. Both men, together, met with the president behind closed doors in his office at the presidential villa, Abuja. ALSO READ: Flood: NEMA urges Oyo govt to scale up mitigation measures Even though the meeting was described as private, it was believed to be connected with the Edo governorship election, which the party’s candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, lost to the incumbent governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki. The governors were seen departing the president’s office using a route to deliberately avoid State House reporters. Ganduje and his Imo State counterpart, Hope Uzodinma, spent the weekend in Benin City as they hoped to oversee the victory of the APC in the poll. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS      SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com