President Muhammadu Buhari has pledged to channel to innovative ways of farming that will guarantee maximum output in the country. Speaking at the National Food Security Council half at the presidential villa, Abuja, on Thursday, he noted that there is need for more effort to increase food production and self-sufficiency, assuring that the Federal Government will continue to promote policies that favour investments in the agricultural sector. The President pointed out that the COVID-19 pandemic exposed the level of preparedness of nations to shocks of food security. He explained that the Federal Government’s wisdom in promoting self-sufficiency over the years helped significantly in averting a food crisis. He added: “The coronavirus pandemic has illustrated more than any event in recent history how countries must strive harder to protect food systems. It has also exposed the limits of dependency on other countries. “In the last five years, we have recorded notable achievements. Despite the decline in GDP by 6.1 per cent in Q2 of 2020 as a direct result of coronavirus, the agricultural sector continued to grow because of government targeted policies.’’ President Buhari commended Nigerian farmers for contributing to the stability in food security, saying that the favourable rainy seasons should serve as encouragement for many to take up farming as a vocation. According to him, “I am pleased to note that most Nigerians are taking advantage of the opportunities in the agriculture and agric-business sector. I want to assure you that this government will continue to support these initiatives and many more to come.’’ ALSO READ: #Beirut trends on Twitter again as huge fire rages in Lebanon’s capital Speaking further the President said: “To protect agricultural investments and boost confidence to our farmers we have deployed thousands of agro-rangers and integrated rural communities to the formal economy by extending access to credit and inputs to rural farmers and building feeder roads. “We have invested in building our strategic grain reserves in recent years which we recently released significant quantities to cushion the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to vulnerable households and industries,’’ the President said. President Buhari sympathized with farmers and families that lost loved ones to recent floods in the country, assuring that the government will support those that were affected. The President is the Chairman of the National Food Council, which was constituted in 2018. Members include the governors of Kebbi, Taraba, Plateau, Lagos, Ebonyi and Delta states; the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, the Chief of Staff to the President, the National Security Adviser and seven cabinet ministers. The ministers in the council are that of Agriculture and Rural Development; Finance; Interior; Industry, Trade and Investment; Water Resources; Environment; as well as Budget and National Planning. Also among the membership are the Chief of Defence Staff; the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria; the Directors-General of the Department of State Services and the National Intelligence Agency, as well as the Comptroller-General of the Nigeria Immigration Service. The broad objectives of the Council include developing sustainable solutions to the farmers–herdsmen clashes, as well as climate change and desertification and their impact on farmland. The Council also aims to address the issues of grazing areas and lakes, rivers and other water bodies; oil spillage and its impact on Niger Delta fishing communities; piracy and banditry; agricultural research institutions and extension services and the problem of smuggling. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE innovation into farming What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… innovation into farming COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… innovation into farming SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com