Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom on Monday said that his administration has reconstructed over 1,200 classroom blocks across the state. Most of the reconstructed schools were established since 1977 and have been dilapidated. Governor Ortom stated this during the inauguration of a reconstructed primary school located in Uchi Mbakor, Tarka local government area of the state. While stating that his administration remained committed to resuscitating the educational sector especially at the primary level which is the foundation, the governor said that government had provided another 10,000 chairs and desks for the reconstructed schools, maintaining that education remains the bedrock to the development of any nation. ALSO READ: Workers protest in Ibadan, say NLC, TUC betrayed their trust According to him, “We are not there yet but will continue to do more than ensure that our children the best education and not indulge in cultism and the social vices. Speaking at the commissioning of the electricity project in Soryon, the governor appreciated the Federal government for placing a ban on importation of maize. I do know that there is large cultivation of maize and Soya Beans in this area. I urge you, people, to take advantage of this to increase production for wealth creation. “I am here to commission rural electricity project in Soryon, the Soya Beans/Maize processing Plant in Wannune and inspect the Wannune/Ikpah/Igbor road which is a 36km road. The government had paid 1.93 billion naira out of the total cost of 2.3 billion naira with 25km completed. The contractor will return to the site after the rains. Governor Ortom also commissioned road project including Ahmadu Bello Way which is a 1.25km road at the cost of 112 million naira, an inspection of the Palace of the Paramount ruler of Tiv land Tor Tiv, rural electricity, bridges and culverts, feeder roads amongst others in Gboko local government area. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on Saturday confirmed that he was in consultation with the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the 2023 elections. Ortom said that he had told the opposition party to allow him to make a consultation with his close allies. I have been invited to rejoin APC ― Ortom  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com