Students and other stakeholders in the education sector have been assured of positive turn around as the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede, vowed to declare a state of emergency in the sector. Jegede who stated this while in Igbatoro community in the Akure North Local Government area lamented over the state of schools and facilities of the schools in the area. He noted that most of the public schools in the rural communities are understaffed, noting a school operate with only two teachers, teaching from Primary One to Six. Assuring the people of the community of better facilities in the school, described the situation as absurd, saying “posting only two teachers to a school is absurd” and promised to sanitise the state’s education system if elected as governor. “For instance, we have assured all parents that the exorbitant tuition fees introduced to Ondo State higher institutions would be reversed. ALSO READ: Fayemi, Lalong commission N6.8bn road projects in Jigawa “Apart from that, we will bring great improvement to the schools’ infrastructure and also ensure quality education.” Jegede also promised to assist rural farmers with farm inputs and the women, with soft loans to boost their trade. “As for the bad road, it is a priority that it should be fixed, as it would ease the movement of farm products to the urban communities, ” he assured. One of the community leaders, Chief Patrick Ojo, lamented that “this is the situation in most rural communities of Ondo State, where the present government only assigned two teachers to a school. “In the first place, there is no way the two teachers can cope with the stress of the job. Again, no human being is an encyclopaedia, such that he has the capacity to know every subject. “So it is best imagined, what we, the rural dwellers of Ondo State are going through,” he lamented. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com