IN a bid to further boost agriculture, the Federal Government has made known its intention to help facilitate the cultivation of 20,000 to 100,000 hectares of new farmlands in every state in Nigeria. Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, made this known in a statement. According to Shehu, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Dr Zainab Ahmed, listed the step as part of measures to be undertaken by the President Muhammadu Buhari administration to tackle the onslaught of COVID-19. Ahmed stated this during the recently held National Food Security Council meeting at the State House, Abuja while outlining the measures introduced by the Buhari administration to check COVID-19 spread in the country. In addition, the minister said that the Federal Government planned to support the off-take of agro-processing to create millions of direct and indirect job opportunities. The statement also reads: “Dr Ahmed also briefed on the joint investment with the World Bank to provide intervention funds to states to improve health infrastructure. “She [the minister] said to ease existing financial hardships among the people, the government is also coming up with low-interest loans for mechanics, tailors, artisans, petty traders and other informal business operators.” Ahmed also noted that the Federal Government will equally provide support to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) to help them keep their employees and boost local manufacturing. The minister explained that from the recently approved N2.3 trillion stimulus recommended by the Nigerian Economic Sustainability Plan (NESP), there will be an expansion of broadband connectivity to boost job opportunities in the digital economy. This fund will also cover for the planned expansion of the National Social Investment Programmes including the cost of increasing the number of beneficiaries of the N-Power Volunteers, the Market Moni and Trader Moni schemes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com