ABOUT nine local government councils have been submerged as a result of flood in Kogi State as over 70 per cent people in Koton Karfe communities now leave and sleep by the roadside and schools. The affected local governments are Ibaji, Koton Karfe, Ajaokuta, Igalamela, Lokoja, Ofu, Bassa, Idah, and Omala. Lamenting on the floor of the Kogi State House of Assembly on Wednesday, the lawmaker representing Kogi Koton Karfe, Hon Abubakar Tanko Muhammed in a motion of urgent public importance, said the effect of the flood was devastating and worrisome, stressing that most people in the local government have lost their houses, farmlands and source of livelihood. ALSO READ: Police arrest six persons over APC, PDP clash in Ondo “I am currently on my knees Mr Speaker. Almost all my constituencies have been taken over by flood and my people sacked from their homes. Things are becoming unbearable. The Federal and State Government needs to do something before the situation gets out of hand. Their lives are currently in danger,” Muhammed pleaded. He called on the State Government and the National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA, to come to the aid of the people affected by flood in the state adding that, things are becoming unbearable for the people. In their various contributions, the members representing Lokoja I constituency, Hon. Umar Isah Tenimu, Dekina/Biraidu, Hon. Edoko Moses Ododo, and Dekina/Okura,  Enema Paul respectively called for synergy among the ministry of health, and rural development, adding that there is need to create IDP camps across affected Local Government areas. In his ruling, the Speaker, Prince Mathew Kolawole said it is a sad situation and advised all those living in flood-prone areas to relocate before the flood gets to them. Meanwhile, Kogi State House of Assembly has given a speedy approval to the state government to access over N1.5Billion from a commercial bank to pay for counterpart fund for the 2020 Universal Basic Education projects in the state. The approval was granted after the Speaker, Prince Mathew Kolawole read the request of the State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello to borrow money for the payment of counterpart fund to access UBE funds at plenary. In his contribution,  the member representing Dekina/Okura state constituency,  Paul Enema said the government in the last five years had never failed to access the counterpart fund from the UBE as it was key to the development of primary education in the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!