The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), Joint Campus Committee, Oyo State chapter has urged the state government to hasten processes towards the reopening of its tertiary institutions. NANS made this call in an open letter signed by its Chairman, Opakunle Olufunmibi and Secretary, Ojetola Babatunde. The student’s body hinged its worry on the seeming quiet of the state government regarding reopening of tertiary institutions at a time when some other states were announcing dates of reopening of their higher institutions. In the letter titled, “Has Oyo State Stopped Being The Pacesetter?” the student’s body urged the Governor Seyi Makinde led the government to live up to its pacesetter name and order a reopening of the state’s higher institutions. Schools had been ordered closed in March, in the wake of COVID-19. The NANS letter read, in parts, “As it is no longer news that tertiary institutions are set to resume in several states as the State Government of these states has noted the dates for their respective commencement of activities. “Unlike her counterparts in the Southwest, the Oyo State Government which even had the most expectation by many to take the lead in the development, is yet to call activities back to the tertiary institutions in the State. *In the representation of concerned students in the State, the National Association of Nigerian Students. Oyo axis is enjoining the State Government to assume her position of pacesetting by surpassing her ready to resume counterparts with more readiness and preparedness to put tertiary learning on the run again, as we chose to understand that such delay could be for reasons of preparedness. “We, therefore, urge the Oyo State Government to hurry in whatever procedures they want to put in place so our schools can be opened as soon as possible so we can commence activities with our colleagues in other institutions, meanwhile private Tertiary Institutions have long been progressing amidst the pandemic.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com