A former Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Offa police station, Offa local government area of Kwara State, Adamu Danjuma, on Monday gave a vivid account of how daredevil armed robbers, on April 5, 2018, in the ancient town, destroyed police armoury and carted away 21 AK47 rifles. Giving evidence in a Kwara State High Court, Ilorin at the resumed hearing of the case, the Police chief, who is the fifth prosecution witness (PW5), said that the hoodlums allegedly killed 17 people; nine police officers and eight civilians, in cold blood in the robbery operation. Mr Danjuma, who was the station’s DPO when no fewer than five banks and Offa police post were attacked by the suspected robbers, also revealed how he escaped the robbers’ bullets by the whiskers. He also said that the suspected armed robbers also used explosive to attack banks and the police post. The Police chief gave the names of the police officers and men that were gunned down by the suspected robbers as Julius Pelemo (ASP), Yusuf Danjuma (Inspector), Grace Makinde (Inspector) and Oke Kayode (Inspector). Others are Sergeants Mustapha Kolawole, Bilikisu Babawale, Abimbola Adedokun, Yootum Nakoma and Monday Isa. “On the said date at about 4:45 pm, I heard a gunshot from the direction of Captain Cook Eatery Junction in the town; two minutes interval I heard sporadic shootings from that direction heading towards my police station. Immediately, I came out of my office to the charge room (counter). The shootings were approaching the station. “In response, I also fired gunshots into the air from my pistol. As a result, there was a temporary stoppage of shootings from outside. “Suddenly, the shootings started coming in from different directions towards the station. A lady who was manning the pedestrian gate was shot in one of her arms making her abandon the place and ran for her dear life. The shootings continued. “Thereafter, the robbers released explosive into the security tower of the station. Another explosive was released and it hit the main road and bored deep hole on the role. This melee disorganized the whole station. Then the ammunition in my pistol had got exhausted. This made me run for cover at the back of the station’s mosque. “At the back of the mosque, I sighted three of the armed robbers chasing ASP Julius Pelemo to the back of the station’s fence. Then I heard the shout of the late Julius after a gunshot. Then I heard one of the robbers calling those ones that ran after the late ASP to come over to the charge room (counter). One of them entered the surveillance office and shot dead a policewoman. From them, two of them ran to the charge room (counter). “I now changed my position to the toilet near the back of the fence. At that place, I was able to communicate with the state Commissioner of police, deputy commissioner, operations and the command’s spokesperson seeking for reinforcement. While this was happening at the state, simultaneously I was hearing gunshots at the bank’s direction in the town. I was also hearing explosions and accompanying flames around banks area. “At an interval of between five and 10 minutes, I would hear shootings from the charge room, making it impossible for me to come out of the toilet. After a while, I heard shouts from the town that ‘olee they don go.’ From the toilet, I headed straight to the charge room and then to the armoury to see the level of damage. When I entered the armoury I discovered that they had broken the armoury key. Then I went to my office and took my office padlock to lock the armoury.” The police chief said that three civilians killed in his station by the robbers were one suspect and two witnesses. He continued “while I was planning to take corpses of the deceased to the mortuary, the Administrative Officer of Mopol came into the station with two police officers shot dead on their duty post at the banks. In addition, other people brought in corpses of civilians killed by the robbers.” He said he was instrumental for the conveyance of the 17 corpses to the General Hospital in Ilorin for autopsy and got their death certificates. “When I did a preliminary investigation and took inventory of the arms remaining in the armoury. Then we mopped up of the expended ammunition and deposited same at the state headquarters in Ilorin,” he said. Among the recovered exhibits, he said, are two expended 5.6mm black ammunition; four 5.6mm live ammunition; 39 expended 7.6mm ammunition; one expended 9mm ammunition; one live 5.6mm ammunition, four pellets and cartridge safety box labelled Ikoyi, Lagos, Ministry of Police Affairs. All the accused; Ayoade Akinnibosun, Ibikunle Ogunleye, Adeola Abraham, Salahudeen Azeez and Niyi Ogundiran were present in court on Monday. Hearing of the case continues on Tuesday, September 8, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…Offa Robbery  Offa Robbery What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…Offa Robbery  Offa Robbery High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…Offa Robbery  Offa Robbery SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.