The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has declared that it would resist the shielding of bandits and their collaborators by politicians, security and state governments in their efforts to fight the menace of banditry and other forms of criminality in the region. This was contained in a statement issued by the spokesman of the group, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman and obtained by the Tribune Online on Thursday. According to the statement, “The three months waiting period had lapsed and in addition to specific observations, the CNG generally takes cognizance of some positive developments in some states since the Minna and Katsina marches. It observed that in Katsina the reinforcement of forces had drastically reduced the regularity of wanton killings and complete destruction of entire villages around Katsina State except for the intermittent attacks and abductions in remote that is going on. The statement further that in Sokoto to some extent, the frequency of attacks in major areas of Sokoto state too had similarly reduced considerably in the last three months. ALSO READ: National Water Bill: AUPCTRE, CAPPA meet Water Minister, restate opposition to Bill However, it said in Kaduna State communities of Giwa, Birnin Gwari, Igabi continue to face severe threats of banditry, kidnappings, tussling of livestock and a complete sack of villages that in Giwa alone 17 housewives and girls are presently in captivity in addition to hundreds killed and thousands displaced. “In the Southern part of Kaduna, CNG had to embark on a peace mission to set an ongoing process in motion to halt the venting of pent up tribal and other communal jealousies that had assumed ferocious regularity over the period under review. “In Nasarawa in the last three months, communities in Niger and Nasarawa States have witnessed an escalation of attacks by bandits, armed robbers and kidnappers in addition to the scare of an emerging insurgency-related threat. “Whereas the security situation in Zamfara State had considerably improved in the last one year, it is disturbing that unfolding scenarios have endangered those gains and peace is again eluding the state with disastrous consequences on communities and individuals. “The situation in Zamfara is becoming worse literally by the day, as bandits and internal collaborators appear to sense a huge vacuum in political will and capacity in high places of authority which they exploit to undermine security efforts. The statement noted that it was worried on the alleged plot to draft bandits to disrupt the coming House of Representatives bye-election in Bungudu, Zamfara State which compelled the state government to secure a court order in Kaduna on September 3, 2020, for the arrest of a suspected collaborator, Abdulmalik Zubairu Bungudu. Similarly, on Friday, September 2, 2020, intelligence intercepted a conversion about an arranged meeting between one Abu Dantabawa and a suspected bandit leader in Gusau leading to the arrest of the principal suspect and 17 others. “On Sunday, September 4, 2020, the Zamfara State Police Command set the principal suspect, Dantabawa free, ostensibly owing to pressure from powerful influencers from the seat of power who are keen on blocking the prosecution. Against the backdrop of these concerns and observations, the CNG, not willing to remain silent or passive and allow things that potentially affect the North to continue unchecked. “We, therefore, demand the immediate re-arrest and return to the custody of the said Abu Dantabawa and all other suspected collaborators for proper investigation and appropriate prosecution. “We demand a full investigation into the circumstances that led to the suspicious release of Dantabawa and other suspects from lawful custody outside due process. “We demand transparent action to determine the extent of involvement of persons in power with the interruption of criminal proceedings against suspected bandits and collaborators in Zamfara and other places in the North. “We also address a strong petition to the President demanding urgent action to unravel the identities of individuals around him that sabotage the processes of justice by shielding suspects from the law at the expense of government’s integrity. “We restate that with northern lives at stake, we shall vehemently resist this, and further undue extrajudicial interferences from any group or individuals no matter how highly placed. “Governments are important in deciding how we live, but citizens and communities who speak and understand each other have an inalienable right to adequate protection under the law without the need for such interference, the statement declared. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com