GETTING into a relationship has different requirements for different people, for some, there are occupations that are off-limits, some others do not mind. This week on WhatsApp Conversation, the topic of consideration is; whether respondents could date or get married to a person who is serving in any of the security forces within the country. Here are the responses:  Olapade Agnes It is stressful dating a person who is serving in any of the security forces. That doesn’t mean that it should be ruled out if one finds a person you love, you shouldn’t let them go because they belong to a security force. It would actually be very myopic to do that.  Sunday Oripeloye In today’s world where all we are searching for is peace of mind, if dating a lady who is in the armed forces is the way to find that, I am all for it. We cannot just rule out anyone because they are in a particular occupation or  because we feel they are high risks.  Damilola Awokoya It is usually easier said than done. Dating or getting married to an individual who is in the security force takes a certain degree of commitment that is not for everyone. You must have unwittingly agreed to the fact that you are playing second fiddle in that marriage. They might not mean that but the fact remains that their job takes the center stage and given the nature, they cannot refuse orders or negotiate the rules of engagements. It is really difficult if we must be honest.  Emeka Opene It is all fun and cool until you are chilling one minute and the next minute your partner is all dressed up to go and intervene in a serious, life or death situation. If we must be truthful, not everyone can handle the upheaval and uncertainty that comes with this kind of thing. If you cannot handle all these, it is best you do not date not to talk of getting married to a security operative. Kalil Teni Who doesn’t like the allure of dating a someone who works as a security agent? Even with the state of the nation, there is only a level of respect that is accorded to serving members of security forces. If you ever fall in love with a security agent, you should not walk away from her because of her profession. It is a bad thing to do. Beyond work, they are as human as the rest of us and it is this humanity that drives them to pick up a career in protecting us from forces within and without.  George Zaka I am very selective when it comes to people I can be with. While I cannot rule out every member of the security forces, however, I cannot date or be married to an individual who spends months away at work. We have to think beyond ourselves and be mindful of the experiences we are crafting for the next generation. If she is not an operator and she only handles paper work, fine. If I have to live with the fear that someone might have put a bullet through her every passing minute, then I might have to reconsider and prioritise my health and peace.  Lanre Oseni Why not! He/She is a Human being just like a non – force person. More so that any force person is guided by the force rule “ Do not beat your spouse”! is enough to diffuse the fear of the generality of the people. In fact, there are more advantages of dating or marrying any force person than its disadvantages.  Sandra Anyim I will be very glad to date a member of the security forces, especially the army or Navy. The reason a lot of people would want to keep a safe distance from this set of people is mainly because of the state of the nation. If we are in a very serious country where each life matters including that of the members of the security forces, it will be a different case with dating and getting married to these valiant men and women who have decided to answer the clarion call of their nation.  Zubiar Tosin While there are preferences, love conquers all and leaves no enemies. While situations like the insurgency and the rate at which members of our security forces are being plowed down by the insurgents can be considered, love can triumph  over  all of that. Once it happens, all of these concerns, as valid as they are, will become secondary. All that will be done then is to pray that the one we love returns home safe and sound.  Favour Bassey As much as this might sound insensitive, I cannot date not to even talk of getting married to a security agent. They hold a sensitive post in the nation, that is to be respected and treasured. However, marital relationships is something that must be well thought out and planned for. I don’t want to have children who will only see their father three months in a calendar year because he is stationed outside of the state. These things are as important too.  The expert for this week is Ogundepo, a police officer. Here is his thought on the subject: It is a capital no for me, being a law enforcement officer is hard enough. I need someone who would at least have enough time, in fact more time than I do so as to be able to take good care of me and my children  The topic for next week is : If you could change one thing about your relationship, what would it be? To be part of the next edition, send your response to 08136601345.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY