The National Leader of the All Progressive Congress (APC), and former Governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has condoled with Senator Aliyu Wamakko over his daughter’s death. Tinubu, who arrived the residence of Senator Wamakko in Sokoto at about 1:50 pm on Saturday, alongside former governors of Kebbi and Nasarawa States, Adamu Aliero and Tanko Almakura. The National Leader of the APC, while speaking with journalists at the residence of the former Governor and the leader of the party in Sokoto, Aliyu Wamakko, says unity of the country is sacrosanct. He called on a section of the country to be united as the discrimination can not make a developing nation. “Nobody chooses which tribe he or she will come from not to talk of the family. It is the wish of God that we all found ourselves where we are today. “I believe if we all live as one, we can always come together to develop our nation. “I am a Yoruba man, I didn’t make myself a Yoruba, the same thing goes to Ibo, Hausa or Fulani, so we must be united” he added. The Former Governor described the death of Sadiya Wamakko, as not only painful to the father but all his associates. He prayed for her repose continue to continue to rest in peace, while those she left behind should fortitude to bear the loss. In his remarks, the former Governor of Sokoto State and the father to the deceased, Aliyu Wamakko, praised Tinubu and his entourage. He described the death of his daughter as painful but accept the act as an act of God which cannot be questioned by anyone. Also on the entourage of the former Governor includes a former chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Nuhu Ribadu and Mallam Yusuf Ali. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…Tinubu condoles Senator Wamakko  Tinubu condoles Senator Wamakko What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…Tinubu condoles Senator Wamakko  Tinubu condoles Senator Wamakko High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…Tinubu condoles Senator Wamakko SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com