Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State on Tuesday, assured workers’ in the state, that his administration would pay all outstanding entitlements of its workers. Abiodun stated this during the swearing-in of six permanent secretaries, four principal generals and headteachers general at the Executive Chambers of the Governor’s Office, Oke Mosan, Abeokuta. He appreciated the organised labour leaders in the state for their civil and matured ways of handling issues. The newly sworn-in permanent secretaries and their assigned offices are Engr (Dr), Lateef Yusuf, Ministry of Works and Infrastructure; Mr Kehinde Onasanya, Ministry of Special Duties and Inter-Governmental Affairs; Mrs Olusola Osasona, Ministry of Transport; Mr Johnson Odeyemi, Teaching Service Commission; Mr Moses Adebayo, Bureau of Protocols and Ceremonial Services and Mr Dahunsi Ogunleye, Bureau of Service Matters. Also, sworn-in are four Principals-General: Mrs Sekina Ogunwolu (Egba zone); Mrs Rashidat Bolujoko (Ijebu zone); Mr Ganiyu Ramoni (Remo zone) and Mrs Afolake Lokulo-Sodipe (Yewa zone), while Mr Semiu Akinbo (Egba zone) Mrs Sarat Adedeji (Ijebu zone); Mr Emmanuel Kalejaiye (Remo zone) and Mr Julius Babatunde (Yewa zone) are the new Headteachers General. Gov Abiodun said he regards workers in the State as co-builders, who have contributed their quota to the advancement of the State, they deserve to be well taken care of. “Our administration will not, and I repeat, deny you of the rewards of your meritorious and hard-work. You have all worked and contributed your quotas to the continued development of our dear State. Personally, as a child of retired Public Servants, I appreciate the import of these entitlements to the welfare, wellness and wellbeing of workers, either, serving and retired. “I am particularly using this occasion to state the commitment of our administration to off-set all outstanding dues and other entitlements as the financial status of the State improves”, Gov Abiodun promised. ALSO READ: FG declares Thursday, October 1, public holiday for 60th independence anniversary celebration He noted that his administration that does not renege on its promises, as it was deploying resources towards ensuring a conducive environment for the workers for efficient and effective service delivery, maintaining that workers’ pensions and other entitlements were some of the issues that attracted its attention and immediate intervention. According to the Goverrnor, “we cleared the backlogs of promotions of over 10,000 personnel in the education industry. We also sent some on overseas training as we are committed to human capital development. I must state that the process to clear the backlogs of 2018, 2019 and 2020 promotion exercises are at advance level. While congratulating the new Permanent Secretaries, Governor Abiodun said their appointments are testaments to their past records and a challenge to do more in the service of the State and humanity, adding that the process that led to their appointments was based on seniority, merit, professionalism, equity, inclusiveness and the overall interest of the Public Service and the State in general. He also reminded them that their appointment was a call to greater service and as the standard-bearers of the State Public Service, they are to interface between the government and the public by bringing more initiatives to improve the implementation of government policies and programmes, as the emergence of COVID-19 has continued to increase the expectations of the government. Gov Abiodun added that his government was restoring the positions of the Principals-General and Headteachers- General to motivate teachers to attain a higher position of authority, urging the new appointees to ensure that their appointments translate into immediate positive results of improving education in the State. The State helmsman assured that government would continue to reward deserving officers who are industrious and exhibiting a commitment to service delivery “We will continue to engage the Labour Unions and other stakeholders. And, I commend all the union leaders and other stakeholders for their civil and mature approaches of engagement as they continue to share in our commitment towards improving on workers’ welfare in Ogun State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com