THE Jigawa State commissioner of police (CP), Usman Sule Gwamna has confirmed the death 55-year-old Musa Mamman of Madamuwa village of Guri Local Government Area in a Fulani herdsmen/farmers clash. This was contained in a press statement issued in Dutse, the state capital by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Abdu Jinjiri. He said: “Musa Mamman died as a result of a clash between Fulani herdsmen and farmers; 19 people were injured.” According to the statement, “At about 12:23 pm on Sunday information received from the assistant village head of Madamuwat had it that there was a farmer/herdsmen clash at Madamuwa bush.” The statement further stated that “the command mobilised policemen to the scene and 20 people were found with various degree of injuries. “14 injured people were rushed to Lafiya Primary Health Care Clinic for treatment, while six who were shot with arrows were taken Nguru federal medical hospital (FMC) in Yobe State for treatment.” SP Abdu Jinjiri said, “One Musa Mamman aged 55 years died while receiving treatment.” He added that the police arrested to suspects namely Ardo Barau, 45 and Buba Jummu, 23 all of Madamuwa Fulani settlement. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle.. Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com