KPMG, one of the big four professional services firms has said that 85 per cent of banks are challenged on boarding customers digitally. Partner & Lead, Digital Transformation, KPMG in Africa, Boye Ademola made this known while delivering key insights on the KPMG Digital Channels Scorecard held yesterday via Zoom. Boye noted that banks across the world have taken a compliance-centric approach to avoid the risk around KYC and identity theft which is the predicament facing the banks in the country. He explained that the coronavirus pandemic necessitated the emphasis on digitalization across businesses as expounded by a review of 17 retail banks in Nigeria. “We discovered that 85 per cent of banks are challenged on boarding customers digitally. ALSO READ: Popular artiste, MceeDon to float clothing line “Touching on the integrity of the process of the digitalization, banks have taken a compliance-centric approach to avoid the inherent risk around KYC and identity theft. “We have also seen a couple of banks deployed technology that can mitigate the risk of identity theft. “COVID-19 has necessitated the need to access digital across businesses. “In other words, businesses have to be able to run their transactions completely via digital channels. “This is expounded by a review of 17 retail banks in Nigeria” Boye noted. Speaking also, Partner, Strategy and Customer Experience, KPMG in Nigeria, Ngozi Chidozie, who was a panellist on the session themed ‘Connected Enterprise (Customer Centricity and the Enterprise)’ stated that the KPMG Digital Channels Scorecard really emphasized the importance of employing insight-driven strategies and actions, not only in retail banking but across all sectors. Technology Advisory Partner, KPMG in Nigeria, Joseph Tegbe described the scorecard as the company’s continued contribution to driving a sustained focus on customer experience improvement. Tegbe noted that the company collated findings from a review into the Digital Channels Scorecard report which provides in-depth analysis and recommendations. “This is an inaugural edition of the publication. “As part of our continued contribution to driving a sustained focus on customer experience improvement. “KPMG has collated findings from our review into the Digital Channels Scorecard report which provides in-depth analysis and recommendations” Tegbe stated. Earlier Speaking, In his welcome address earlier, The Senior Partner and Chairman, KPMG Africa, Kunle Elebute stated that the debut scorecard provides great insights on how organizations can leverage on customer-centric experience to create and capture transmission value. The webinar featured technology leaders like Bode Abifarin, CEO, Flutterwave; Akeem Lawal, Divisional CEO, Payment Processing, Interswitch; Meaghan Johnson, Fintech Researcher, Customer Journey Expert, Strategy Consultant, UX & Design SME, just to mention a few on the very insightful panel sessions.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY