IN a bid to complement the efforts of the Oyo State Government under the leadership of Mr Oluseyi Abiodun Makinde at promoting agriculture and also ensure food security, the caretaker chairman, Omi-Apata Local Council Development Area Hon Sheriff Adeojo, has embarked on 10 acres of upland rice farming at Akufo farm settlement. According to Hon Sheriff Adeojo during the inspection of the rice farm project” the rice plantation will soon be ready for harvesting and the people of Oyo State will have the opportunity to buy Omi-Apata LCDA rice “ He also explained that his administration has embarked on various projects such as drilling of boreholes at Bakatari, Ogundele Alaho, Siba and the LCDA secretariat, grading of roads at wards 7 and 10, dredging of streams and rivers  Jamoje, Bako, Omi-Adio, Abese, Alaaka in order to prevent flooding just to mention a few. Meanwhile, in recognition of his outstanding performance through various people-oriented projects and programmes, the chairman has been awarded the gold award of excellent performance by a NGO Life Value Awareness Leadership Secure Initiative. While delivering his address during the presentation of the award, the president Ambassador Oladipo Musbau said “ the NGO has been watching the activities  of the council chairman diligently and observed that he has been discharging his leadership qualities by giving dividends of democracy to the people of Omi-Apata LCDA. Also, Hon Sheriff Adeojo was appointed and decorated as an ambassador of the NGO. While responding, the awardee, Hon Sheriff Adeojo appreciated the organiser of the award for the honour. He  then promised to provide more dividends of democracy for the people of  Omi-Apata LCDA and make positive impact on their lives. Present at the occasion were the caretaker committee,  Heads of Departments,  Deputy Directors and Heads of Units.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time…