The late Emir of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, has been buried after a funeral prayer led by the Chief Imam of Zazzau, Dalhatu Kassim at exactly 5.35 pm on Sunday. The funeral prayer was witnessed by thousands of mourners within Zaria metropolis and beyond. A mourner, Sadik Usman, said the late monarch has been a symbol of peace, saying “throughout his reign, Zaria and its environs have been in peace. We have never witnessed any crisis that is religious or tribal, and we have many nationalities who live here (Zaria).” Immediately after the funeral prayer which was conducted in accordance with Islamic injunctions, his body was laid to rest at the back of the palace where previous emirs were buried. Dignitaries that attended the funeral of the first-class monarch included the Federal Government delegation led by the Chief of Staff, Professor Ibrahim Gambari. Others in attendance were the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad, the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero, Emir of Ringim, Alhaji Sayyadi Usman, the Emir of Kazaure, Alhaji Najib Hussain Adamu and a host of other traditional rulers from the region. Governor Nasir Elrufai of Kaduna, Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa, his counterpart from Katsina, Aminu Masari, were among the personalities that attended the burial of the late monarch. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com