Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kwara state has asked the federal government to urgently intervene in ameliorating the suffering of victims of the recent torrential rainstorm disaster in various parts of the state by providing them with support. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Thursday, the PDP state chairman, Engineer Kola Shittu, also urged President Muhammadu Buhari to send relevant government agencies to conduct a comprehensive assessment and report back to him in due course. The PDP, who criticised the state government for requesting for a N10billion FG grant to take care of the victims, described the request as frivolous. Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq had on Wednesday this week visited some of the affected victims while his deputy, Kayode Alabi had flagged off the distribution of palliatives to some victims in Moro and Edu local government areas of the state. Alabi also visited some victims of the disaster while the government has also constituted a committee headed by the state commissioner for Tertiary Education Science and Technology, Hajiya Saadatu Kawu Modibbo, to take the inventory of the damages done to properties in the affected areas. In its criticism of the N10billion FG grant request, the Kwara state PDP said that the committee set up by the state government barely 48 hours ago, to assess the level of damages caused by the rainstorm is yet to give any report. “We then wonder how the governor came about the report that 15,000 persons have been displaced and that property and farm products worth N10billion had been damaged or destroyed as a result of the disaster. “We, therefore, urge President Buhari not to act on such frivolous figures presented to him but send relevant federal government agencies to conduct a comprehensive assessment and report back to him in due course. “No responsible and affectionate Governor will wait for money and relief materials from the Federal Government that may take forever to come before providing succour to his people in times of emergencies such as the one we have found ourselves in Kwara now. Unlike the present insensitive administration of Governor Abdulrazaq, past governments had structured mechanisms in place to handle emergency situations such as this and would never wait on Mr President to provide relief materials to the people. This has only shown how clueless and unprepared the present government deliver good governance. “Our party most sincerely acknowledge and appreciate the contributions of our referred Royal father, His Royal Highness, the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, who immediately swung into action by making relief items available to victims of this rainstorm. We also thank other notable philanthropists and private citizens who have been offering one assistance or the other in this regard. “Let me say on a final note that government is the only entity with a wide reach of resources to take care of citizens in any emergency situation, we are therefore calling on Governor Abdulrazaq to take responsibility as a leader and urgently come to the aid of the affected Kwarans and communities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Ten Killed In Petrol Tanker Explosion In Kogi No fewer than ten people have lost their lives in a petrol tanker explosion in Lokoja, Kogi State on Wednesday morning. Tribune Online gathered that the petrol tanker rammed other vehicles at Felele in Lokoja and exploded as other incoming vehicles rammed it. Lagos Govt Rolls Out Low-Key 60th Independence Day Programmes Lagos State government, on Wednesday, rolled out programmes for the country’s 60th Independent anniversary celebration, saying the occasion would be low-key in the face of COVID-19 pandemic that has ravaged the whole world and the country inclusive. COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, More Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria recorded the lowest COVID-19(Coronavirus) infections in over six weeks, Tribune Online reports. For three weeks, the weekly figure has been fluctuating. In the first week of September, the cases reduced, followed by a week of increase and another week of reduction. BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… JUST IN: Emir Of Zazzau, Shehu Idris, Dies At 84 The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com