Benue State Urban Development on Wednesday demolished over twenty illegal structures in Makurdi metropolis, Benue State capital by the State Urban Development Board. General Manager of the board, Saint Gbilekaa Abraham said that the demolition affected illegal structures at the Commissioners’ quarters, Gyado Villa, opposite Gaadi settlement, Nyorgyungu, George Akume Way, Yariko, Kenville Garden and Belewa street, High Level all in Makurdi. According to Abraham, owners of the illegal structures have been served with appropriate notices since the year 2019 but they failed to comply with the government directive to do away with illegal structures. ALSO READ: Nigeria@60: Citizen’s living standards in systematic decline ― WACC president He added that some people built on water channel, road setbacks, saying that the illegal structures have defaced the beauty of the state capital. Abraham said that nearly all the demolished structures have no titles to the land. He added that the exercise would enhance compliance to the urban and regional planning laws of the state which he said makes Makurdi, the capital city, envy of other states capital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. benue state Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com