The Anambra State Waste Management Authority (ASWAMA) will collaborate with Anambra Clear Drainage and Forest Preservation Agency (ACFPA) to raise volunteering organisations to pick up plastic bottles from across the state. ASWAMA and the ACFPA coordinated some environment focused volunteer organisations to participate in the exercise across the state. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the programme tagged: “Five Million Plastic Challenge’’ was organised by Guinness World Record in conjunction with some non-governmental and non-profit oriented organisations in commemoration of 2020 World Clean up Day in Nigeria. The programme was mapped out in a bid to remove five million plastic bottle wastes from the streets, drainage channels and canals in Nigeria in fulfilment of the global advocacy for a sustainable environment and a pollution-free planet. Managing Director, ASWAMA, Mr Amechi Akorah disclosed this yesterday while speaking to newsmen in Awka. According to him all the states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory will participate in the programme to be flagged off in Anambra on Sept. 26. Mr Akorah explained that Team Anambra had been working to ensure that not less than a million plastic bottles would be collected from across the state. “We are working with some volunteer organisations to pick at least a million plastic bottles off the roads, streets, canals and drainage channels across the state. “The groups that made up Team Anambra have embarked on test runs to map out locations, where there is a large concentration of plastic bottle wastes in drainages, canals and streets. “Different units of Team Anambra have been visiting all nooks and crannies of the state and carting away large quantities of plastic wastes in preparation for the `Five Million Plastic Challenge’ programme. “Plastic bottle wastes picked during the exercise will be taken up by the Recycler Association of Nigeria.” He enjoined the citizenry to desist from littering the environment with plastic bottle wastes and other kinds of wastes in order to achieve a sustainable, clean and healthy environment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…5 million plastic challenge  5 million plastic challenge What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…5 million plastic challenge 5 million plastic challenge High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…5 million plastic challenge SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com