One Kareem Taiwo is currently in the custody of security agents in Ibadan for claiming to be recruiting Amotekun corps for the Oyo State Security Network Agency. Kareem was trailed by the security agents, following a notice he pasted at Adamasingba Stadium, venue of the ongoing recruitment, where he asked those interested in joining Oyo Amotekun Corps to contact him. In the notice posted at the venue on Sunday, Kareem included his phone number for persons interested in being recruited to put a call through to him. Via the notice, the management of Amotekun on Monday trailed Kareem till he was apprehended at 11:45 am. ALSO READ: Ondo INEC: Electrical surge responsible for fire outbreak ― Police Kareem, from Ibadan North local government area, was subsequently handed over to the security agents for prosecution. Upon interrogation, Kareem Isiaka, a middle-aged man, attributed the act to the work of the devil. He disclosed that only one person had so far called him regarding Amotekun recruitment. Speaking on the arrest, Chairman, Oyo State Security Network Agency, General Kunle Togun (rtd) urged members of the general public to be wary of fraudsters in their quest to become members of Amotekun corps. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com