The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), on Tuesday in Abuja, announced its decision to prosecute some staff of the National Examination Council (NECO) for allegedly possessing fake certificates. This was contained in a statement authorised by the commission’s spokesperson, Mrs Azuka Ogugua, and made available to newsmen. The move, according to the commission, followed a request by the NECO Register, Professor Godswill Obioma, to prosecute the affected staff when the former visited the commission recently. The statement quoted Professor Obioma of saying, at the meeting with ICPC Chairman, Professor Bolaji Owasanoye, and other top management staff of the commission, that the governing council of NECO had, through a staff verification exercise, found that some staff were working in the agency with fake certificates. It said Professor Obioma then urged ICPC to act on the report of the exercise which had been submitted to the commission, as he wanted ICPC to do justice to the report especially those culpable for prosecution. ALSO READ: Son of retired Colonel who is on FBI wanted list for $6m internet scam turns self in at EFCC office The statement said: “Professor Obioma also sought for the assistance of the commission in combating the menace of examination malpractices. He observed that a prior collaboration with ICPC in tackling examination malpractice had yielded positive results, adding that the continuous partnerships with the commission against corruption would give credibility to NECO examinations and processes. “The NECO boss who also spoke on the efforts to tackle the menace of examination malpractice said that the agency would soon introduce Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras in examination halls across the country. “He said the CCTV was the new technology-based approach soon to be deployed by NECO to improve its general operations and reduce corrupt tendencies within the agency. “Chairman of ICPC, Professor Bolaji Owasanoye, in response, stressed that the issue of fake certificates was becoming widespread with so many ‘special centres’ for passing examinations. “He said the commission was willing to assist NECO in tackling corruption in the education sector, adding that the prevalence of fake certificates in the work-place was affecting quality service delivery. “We are quite delighted that you are focused on dealing with corruption in the education sector. The issue of the fake certificate is pandemic and deeply rooted and this partially explains the struggle by government agencies to do well.” The statement signed by Mrs Ogugua of ICPC added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS  Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com