Born in New Jersey to Nigerian parents, Nigerian-American singer, Uche Christian, popularly known as JerzeySon, has had the opportunity to experience two different cultures towards shaping his music career. SEGUN ADEBAYO engaged the artiste on his fast-rising career, influence of both Nigerian and American cultures on his music and plans to relocate to Nigeria, among other issues.  How does it feel staying abroad and making songs despite your Nigerian culture? Nigerian culture is embedded in you. It’s not just whether I live in Nigeria or the States. For me, it’s about using music as a bridge to not only connect the diaspora but also speak the essence of home that our culture brings.  How has being a Nigerian influenced your music career over there? It’s made me appreciate how diverse and international our sounds are. Our music has been able to influence modern sounds, from legends such asFela to Sade.  We have seen a lot of Nigerian artistes who were once based in the US come back home to push their career and make something meaningful from it. What do you think about returning home? My goal is to be a bridge. I plan to split time between Nigeria and the US so that I can continue to connect cultures. I’m a citizen of both countries.  Do you think staying in the US and pushing your music would help your career rather than staying here and connecting with your fans? I think more than anything, it allows me to close the gap between American and Nigerian audiences. I plan to spend more time in Nigeria to continue building with my fans.  What project are you working on and how far has it gone? I’m currently working on the music video for my new single, ‘Callin’. The song is available on all streaming platforms and the lyric video is on YouTube. The video will be released later this fall.  You have been experimenting on various sounds and it seems you have mastered them well. But which of the sounds do you find easy to jump on? The sounds that I gravitate towards are alte and afroswing. They capture the essence of afrobeats and hip-hop that truly shaped my childhood.  How would you describe life over there and here, any chances of becoming a music star over there? Before the age of 18, I lived between both areas. Every country has its ups and downs; its struggles and its wins. Regardless of our geographical location, we are all human, and our goal should be to maximize our talents and gifts with whatever resources are available to us. I believe it will happen, but for now, I’m just focused on enjoying the process and perfecting the execution so that my vision can be made a reality.  The industry is peopled by many talents.How do you intend to make it count for you? I will continue to create art. I approach music and visuals as an artistic experience. As long as I continue to create impactful and authentic art, I will be able to achieve my goal of connecting people. At the same time, I do not foreclose the opportunity to work with amazing talents.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We May End Up Without A Country, Gen Akinrinade Warns Buhari
A former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt. General Alani Akinrinade has told President Muhammadu Buhari to allow the restructuring of Nigeria now otherwise there may soon be no country… Oyo Tertiary Institutions Reopen September 28, Primary, Secondary Schools To Run Shifts
Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde has approved the reopening of all tertiary institutions in the state for regular academic activities from September 28… Endure Pains Of Hike In Petrol Price, Electricity Tariffs Now And Enjoy Later, APC Tells Nigerians
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has admitted that the increase in petrol pump price and electricity tariffs was a serious financial burden on Nigerians… BREAKING: We May Prosecute Perpetrators Of Violence During Edo, Ondo Polls Under International Law, Says Britain
The United Kingdom on Tuesday warned those who plan to cause violence during the Edo… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com