After 71 days of drama, intrigues and emotional twists, the Big Brother Naija reality show will finally come to an end with the lucky winner who will go home with N85 million naira worth of prizes. 20 contestants had passed through the needle’s eye to get to the Big Brother House to be part of the fifth edition of the show. However, the grand finale today will be contested by five housemates following series of evictions and disqualification.  With less than 12 hours to the end of the show, a winner will emerge from the remaining contestants. On July 19 when a score of contestants entered the house to commence this year’s edition of the reality show, every one of them appeared to have equal chances of going all the way to win the prize which will come in cash and kind. From their introduction, fans began to make their picks of those they found appealing but it would only prove to be short-lived as the contestants started showing their true colour. Housemates began to show what they were up to as their fan base continued to swell on social media platforms. And, as they settled in fully for the game, one thing that was common with them all was that they coveted the big prize and would do anything to walk home with the prize. And this might have set the tone for what would shape the show as contestants left their fate in the hands of the viewers, who in return kept their favourites in the game till the last day with their votes. Soon, the eviction guillotine was ignited and heads started flying. Emotions began to rise and nerves frayed as contestants tried to get above one another in an apparent attempt to make themselves the ‘star’ of the show. The likes of Ka3na, Eric, Lilo, Tochi and Brighto were shown the exit door. Subsequently, social media descended into a frenzy over who is the most popular housemate among fans. Outside the house, celebrities started taking sides. From Dorathy, Kiddwaya, to Nengi and Laycon, everybody had their favourites. There was the ugly twist of Erica’s disqualification and the huge following that the show commands was underlined in the financial support Erica was provided – to the tune of over 20,000 dollars. Despite the tussle for the overall prize, the show is one that has been laced with fringe benefits as winners of tasks got cash prizes that ranged from hundreds of thousands to millions, tickets to fanciful destinations and gadgets, among other things. Some housemates, notwithstanding the reward prize, have already amassed millions in their accounts from brand-sponsored competitions. The last five to have a go at the N85 million prize are Vee, Dorathy, Neo, Nengi and Laycon. Going by the highest mentions on social media and affiliation of celebrities, it would appear that Laycon has the brightest chance. However, there are those who predict a twist to the emergence of the overall winner as any of Nengi, Dorathy, Vee or Neo could emerge. Going by history of the show, controversies have always arisen with the declaration of the winner, with last year’s edition an epic social media battle between the camps of Tacha and Mercy. With the die already cast as voting ended on Thursday, the anxiety is at an all-time high as fans look forward to their favourite housemate emerging the winner today. NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday… Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com