The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has vehemently rejected Wednesday’s increase in the price of fuel to N151 per litre as well as the N66 per kwh hike in electricity tariff, which took effect last Tuesday. In a reaction to the increases, the main opposition party said in a statement by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, in Abuja that Nigerians are being punished under the All Progressives Congress (APC) and its government. Describing the increases as “callous, cruel and punishing,” the party demanded an immediate reversal of the prices to avert a national crisis, as according to it, the increase will result in an upsurge in costs of goods and services and worsen the biting hardship being faced by Nigerians, who it observed, are already impoverished and overburdened by “APC-imposed high cost of living in the last five years.” The party added: “Our party asserts that by increasing the price of fuel from the N87 per litre it sold under the PDP to an excruciating N151 while at the same time allowing the hike in electricity tariff from N30.23 per kwh to over N66, the APC has left no one in doubt that its agenda is to inflict pain and hardship on Nigerians to satisfy their selfish interests. ALSO READ: Lagos East: Senatorial Aspirants withdraw from race, endorse Abiru “The unjustifiable increase in the price of these essential supplies, coming barely a week after the APC brazenly posted support for the fuel price hike, while attempting to rationalise the excruciating hardship being suffered by Nigerians under the Buhari administration, has further confirmed that the APC is at the centre of the harsh policies of the Buhari Presidency. “It is distressing that the APC administration increased the cost of essential commodities at the time the leadership of other countries are offering palliatives to their citizens to cushion the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. It is instructive to add that our nation is doomed under the APC watch. “We know that the APC is an unfeeling party but it is indeed shocking that it could go to the extent of approving such a hike at this trying time when many Nigerians are struggling to afford staple foods and other necessities of life. “Our party challenges the APC and the Buhari administration to publish the parameters with which it arrived at the increase of fuel price to N151 per litre given that with the prevailing values in the international market, the appropriate price template for domestic pump price in Nigeria ought not to be above N100 per litre. “Our party further challenges the APC-led Federal Government to publish details of its sleazy and over-bloated oil subsidy regime, including the involvement of APC interests in the claimed under-recovery for unnamed West African countries, running into trillions of naira, while Nigerians are made to bear the burden of high fuel costs. “Moreover, the APC and its government have failed to allow an open investigation into allegations of fuel price overcharge as well as the fraudulent subsidy regime through which over N14 trillion had allegedly been frittered by unscrupulous individuals in the APC. “Our fear is that the APC is pushing Nigerians to the wall with its obnoxious and anti-people proclivities and we caution that nobody should misinterpret the peaceful and law-abiding nature of Nigerians as a sign of weakness. “Our party, therefore, restates our call on the National Assembly to save the nation by calling the APC and its administration to order before they plunge our nation into chaos.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP rejects N151 fuel price FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER, I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION! PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY