The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) State Congress in Niger, slated for Saturday, has been postponed due to violence that stalled the exercise. Thugs suspected to be loyal to two top state chairmanship contenders had engaged in a free-for-all leading to the cancellation of the congress. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that trouble started when former Deputy Leader in the House of Representatives, Alhaji Baba Agaie, was manhandled and whisked out of the venue of the congress by heavily armed security men. NAN noticed that as early as 7a.m., the PDP state secretariat at Western Bypass in Minna had been taken over by supporters of the two contenders despite heavy security presence. It was gathered that Agaie was beaten by some party faithful suspected to be from his own Agaie Local Government Area. The party supporters accused Agaie of sabotaging their collective interest, alleging that he aligned with the former governor and leader of the party, Dr Babangida Aliyu-led group. However, when the atmosphere became tensed for any congress to hold, the electoral committee, led by Malam Mohammed Imam from the party’s National Headquarters, had to be whisked away by security agents. NAN reports that following the confusion, the electoral committee issued a statement in Minna on Saturday signed by Imam. According to Imam, due to uncertain security situation at the PDP state secretariat, venue of the rescheduled state congress, slated for today, Sept. 12, the congress has been postponed. He said that the congress was postponed after unsuccessful attempts were made to get the thousands of party supporters and other persons gathered at the precinct of the venue to disperse before the commencement of the voting process. He said that the committee would report to the National Working Committee (NEC) which would determine the next line of action in accordance with the constitution of the party. NAN reports that the two main contenders were, Mr Tanko Benji, outgoing chairman of the party seeking the second term, and Alhaji Mukhtar Ahmed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors…Violence mars PDP congress  Violence mars PDP congress What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues…Violence mars PDP congress  Violence mars PDP congress High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic…Violence mars PDP congress Violence mars PDP congress SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com