October 1, 2020 will be another milestone in the anal of Nigeria’s history; the date will mark the 60th anniversary of Nigeria’s independence. It marks the date when Nigeria became a free nation from the British Colonial Masters/Imperialism, precisely on October 1, 1960. This year’s independence anniversary will also be remarkable for President Muhammadu Buhari because it will be the fifth anniversary of his tenure. Though, this year’s event will be celebrated lowkey which is likely to be devoid of clicking of wine because of the Covid-19 pandemic, which has sent many to early graves; a situation not peculiar to Nigeria as the pandemic locked down the economy of the world as a whole. But in Nigeria, one must salute and applaud the steadfastness of President Buhari’s administration in its approach, work and full commitments in the spirit of patriotism, to curtail the spread of the disease. The prompt and various measures that were put in place saved the nation from a situation beyond control. The right direction on economic policy which the president put in place during the pandemic also protected the economy from going into deep recession. One of the commemorative features of independence anniversary is the conferment of National Honours on deserving Nigerians who have distinguished themselves in various areas of callings; education, industry, philanthropy, as well as contributions to the political, social, arts and cultural development of the country. It is therefore not in dispute that President Buhari would likely make history this year by announcing names of those deserving of national honours. At this juncture, I would have suggested to the Federal Government that under the present austere economic measure and Covid-19 pandemic, instead of commemorating the day and conferring national honours with the usual pomp and ceremony, President Buhari could announce the awardees’ names in his national broadcast to the nation, Also, the awardees’ names and their specific honour could be published in some reputable national newspapers while letters and certificates will be sent to respective awardees through courier. Chief Ademola Olowookere Ibadan. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com