President Muhammadu Buhari has written a personal letter to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, to commend him for organizing a successful Ministers’ Retreat for performance evaluation. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Sunday said in the letter personally signed by the president, he said he was “very impressed” with the SGF’s performance at the retreat. He praised Mustapha “organizational competence and a comprehensive speech delivered on the beginning of the second day of the retreat.” The statement brought excerpts from the letter, in which President Buhari said: “I am writing to personally recognise your competence and commend the way you organised and led the Ministers’ Retreat. “The intellectual inputs by the panel, chaired by the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Alhaji Yayale Ahmed were remarkable. “The benefits derived from the committees discussions were enormous and the added values to the Ministers’ and Permanent Secretaries’ experiences very much appreciated. “Your comprehensive speech at the beginning of the second day of the retreat proved your capacity and experience. For those of us who missed the first day of the retreat, the speech adequately prepared us for the second and final day of the occasion. “I am happy to write this short letter of appreciation to you because I am very impressed with your performance at the retreat.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Not Yet Uhuru •Will Nigerians’ Indifference Spark Its Second Wave? The spate of the deadly coronavirus pandemic surged from over three million cases in April to over twenty-six million cases in August. But while it is still increasing in some parts of the world, the infection rate, according to the figure released by authorities daily, is reducing in Nigeria… Yoruba Summit Group Issues Red Alert On Nigeria THE regular meeting of the Yoruba Summit Group has ended. It undertook an in-depth review the state of Nigeria in relation to the interests and aspirations of the Yoruba Nation… Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Crisis Rocks South-West PDP Again THE crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone has deepened as members of the Caretaker Committee have dissociated themselves from a statement credited to the chairman of the committee, Mr Dayo Ogungbenro, on who should be the leader… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com