Trading activities at the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) maintain previous day stance as the total volume of volume and value of stocks traded advanced by 58.05 per cent and 42.74 per cent to 414.26 million units and N6.2 billion and exchanged in 3,793 deals. At the domestic equities market on Wednesday, the performance also sustained positive return as the All Share Index (ASI) further rose by 0.5 per cent to 25,783.02 points. Thus, the Month-to-Date gain increased to 1.8 per cent while the Year-to-Date loss moderated to -4.0 per cent. At the end of the day trading, the Exchange recorded 21 gainers as against 14 losers as investors reacted positively to the benchmark rate (MPR) cut to 11.50 per cent with tickers in the real sector closing higher. Hence, share prices of high caps as Seplat, MTN Nigeria, WAPCO and Flour mills of Nigeria appreciated by 3.90 per cent, 0.73 per cent, 1.54 per cent and 1.78 per cent respectively. The sectoral performance was positive, following gains in the major indices. The Oil & Gas index led the gains by two per cent, followed by the Consumer Goods, Insurance, Banking and Industrial Goods indices. Sterling Bank was the toast of investors as it was the most traded stock by volume at 85.20 million units, while MTN Nigeria was the most traded stock by value at N3.13 billion. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday…Activities remain upbeat    Activities remain upbeat The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas…Activities remain upbeat  Activities remain upbeat Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia…Activities remain upbeat  Activities remain upbeat NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com