The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila has said that the House would not hesitate to take action against government agencies that fail to implement the budget as is expected of them. Hon. Gbajabiamila bemoaned a situation where Ministries, Departments and Agencies of government would fail to implement aspects of budget for which funds have been allocated and released. Addressing his colleagues in a welcome speech at the resumption of plenary after the lawmakers’ annual recess, the Speaker also said members of the House would ensure that they keep their contract with Nigerians. “Early in the life of the 9th House of Representatives, we promised that we would return to a regular budget cycle, running from January through to December. We kept that promise in our first year and set a standard from which we must not deviate. “However, there is an ongoing problem of Ministries, Departments and Agencies of government failing to implement projects and programmes for which funds have been provided in the Budget. “It bears restating that the Appropriation Act is not merely a policy document or a statement of intent. It is the law of the land that binds us all. “Any expenditure of public funds outside of the Appropriation Act is a crime, as is a failure to implement programmes and projects for which funds have been allocated and provided. “But more than that, it is a betrayal of the public trust that undermines faith in the government and frustrates good faith efforts at national development. “The House will take action against those who fail in their responsibilities in this regard. I sincerely hope it doesn’t come to that.” ALSO READ: Reps seek upgrade of Aminu Kano Int’l Airport to world-class standard The Speaker commended President Muhammadu Buhari for assenting to the Police Bill, noting, however, that more reforms are needed in the Nigeria Police through additional legislation. “Two weeks ago, His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR signed the Police Reform Act into law. “The Act is the first significant reform effort in a generation. It is the beginning and not the end of such measures. The Nigeria Police Force, as it currently operates, has too long and too often failed to meet the expectations of the Nigerian people. “In many parts of our country, people are more afraid of encounters with the police than they are of criminals. That’s not right, and we can no longer stand for it. “There will be, in this 9th House of Representatives, further legislation to improve police performance across the board and to introduce mechanisms for individual and collective accountability in the Nigeria Police Force. “Our objective is nothing short of a total overhaul of the culture and practice of policing in Nigeria.” Hon. Gbajabiamila also disclosed that the House has commenced work on the Armed Forces Trust Fund Bill so that in the shortest possible time, we can finalise and pass legislation that ensures once and for all that the resources we need to protect the homeland are never at the mercy of politics or changes in policy or personnel.” On the Petroleum Industry Bill transmitted to the National Assembly by the president, the Speaker assured that this time around, the House would succeed in passing the Bill for it to get the president’s assent. “This is not the first time that we have initiated the Petroleum Industry Bill or similar efforts at broad oil and gas sector reform in the National Assembly. I assure all Nigerians that we in the 9th House of Representatives fully intend to succeed this time around. “However, I must appeal to stakeholders in the public and private sector, to the media, to the host communities and all who wish our country well to support this process. “Let us reject cynicism and resist all attempts to frustrate this reform effort in service of the narrow interests of any particular group. Let us put Nigeria first so that history may judge us kindly.” To ensure that the House passes Bills and motions that are in line with its contract with Nigerians, the Speaker announced the setting up of an ad-hoc committee headed by Hon. Henry Nwawuba to guide the implementation of its Legislative Agenda across the Committees and other institutions of the House. Hon. Gbajabiamila reminded his colleagues that the success or failure of the House would not be the result of any single individual but a collective one, calling on them to rededicate themselves to their duties and responsibilities. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com