Three drivers of  Multi Pro-Consumer Product Limited, Kagini, Abuja on Wednesday appeared in a Grade I Area Court in Kubwa, Abuja, over alleged criminal breach of trust. Hamza Hassan, Sani Mallam and Hamza Asiru, were charged with criminal breach of trust and negligent conduct. The Prosecution Counsel, John Okpa told the court that Hassan was entrusted with a truck loaded with Colgate Herbal toothpaste from Ibafo, Ogun state to deliver at Kagini, Abuja warehouse on Aug. 19 and Sept.2. Okpa alleged that the defendants jointly acted in a rash manner and could not account for 91 cartons of the said toothpaste valued N1.8 million at the point of delivery. The prosecution counsel said the offence contravened the provisions of sections 79, 314 and 196 of the Penal Code. The defendants, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. The defence counsel, Esther Egeolonu prayed the court to grant the defendants bail in the most liberal terms, citing Section 162 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA). The Judge, Mr Muhammad Adamu, admitted the defendants to bail in the sum of N500, 000 each with one reasonable surety each in like sum. Adamu ordered that the sureties must reside within the court’s jurisdiction and present means of identification. He adjourned the case till Oct. 14, for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com