Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State has charged new leaders and executive of the state chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to operate an open-door policy to accommodate more people willing to join the party. A statement signed by the special adviser on media and publicity to the governor, Muhammad Bello, said Tambuwal made the plea while hosting a new state and local government PDP executive in the state. The governor said by opening their doors more supporters will join the party as many people are already showing their interests to do so. He said there is a need for the new executives to bring unity among the party supporters and also urged them to carry everybody along in order to move the party forward. Tambuwal commended the party faithful for the peaceful conduct of the party congresses at all levels in the state. While congratulating the new executive, the governor assured them that his administration is willing to give all necessary support and cooperation to the them so as to enable them perform their duties effectively. He charged them to justify the confidence party members have in them and operate as a one family. In his address, the new chairman of the state PDP, Alhaji Bello Muhammad Goronyo, said the new executive will work hand in hand with the state government with a view to contributing their quota. He thanked the party supporters for giving them opportunity to serve and also called for unity and cooperation to enable the party achieve its goals of moving the state forward. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. PHOTOS: PDP Leaders From The North Hold Crucial Talks With Obasanjo, Babangida Some leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the Northern part of the country on Sunday evening held talks with former President Olusegun Obasanjo in Abeokuta, Ogun State, in what they called an advocacy visit to the former leader. ICYMI: Trump Paid Only 750 Dollars In Federal Income Tax In 2016 ― NY Times Donald Trump paid just 750 dollars in federal income tax in 2016, the year he won the US presidential election, the New York Times wrote in an explosive investigative report late Sunday. TRENDING: Uduaghan Returns To PDP Former governor of Delta State, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan, officially returns to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com