The gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the just-concluded Edo election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu has declared that he is ready to work with his victorious opponent, Governor Godwin Obaseki. Ize-Iyamu disclosed this during a press briefing on Wednesday. He also had a closed-door meeting with his party’s caretaker chairman and governor of Yobe State, Mallam Buni and Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State in Abuja. ALSO READ: Edo 2020: Buni, Ize-Iyamu in closed-door meeting in Abuja Ize-Iyamu at the press conference said: “We are going to talk to everybody, we will bring everybody back. I want to salute my brother, the governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki. I am appealing to him to return to the party. In every family, there must be a disagreement.” Let it not be said that it was this disagreement that pushed him out of the party. I made the mistake before and I have come to realise that it was a grievious error and I would not want him as a senior brother to make the same,” he added. Furthermore, Ize-Iyamu asserted he is appealing to him to come back to the party where he truly belongs saying “In APC, he’s recognised as a leader but the new party he is, it will be difficult for them to accept him(Obaseki) as a leader. “So I am ready to work with him and all well-meaning Edo people. We believe that it is time we bring peace to our state, ” he concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. The Kaduna-born former apex banker was grilled for the third time on Monday over his radio interview where he inferred that a serving northern state governor is encouraging insecurity in the region. Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him(Opens in a new browser tab) Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for. News of Babasuwe’s death rumour filtered into town and social media platforms in the early hours of Friday with friends and fans of the actor making efforts to reach out to him. Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic session for confirmed, standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com