Katsina State government has approved 5th October 2020 for the reopening of both public and private secondary and primary schools across the state. The commissioner of education, Professor Badamasi Lawal Charanchi disclosed this yesterday while briefing newsmen and stakeholders in the education sector of the state on the government decision. Prof. Badamasi added that it was the state governor, Alhaji Aminu Bello Masari who gave the directive for the reopening of the schools after careful study of the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the state. He further disclosed that the schools will open on the 5th of October for the second term holiday on the 23rd of October. ALSO READ: PDP NWC ratifies removal of Osun State Chairman Charanchi added that after one week of second term holiday schools in the state will resume for the third term on Monday, October 2020 and the term will last up to 5th February 2021. He said the schools on resumption must exercise some safety measures which he stressed include the wearing of a facemask by both teachers and the returning students. The commissioner further stated that the schools will operate on a shift basis to check the incidence of overcrowding and observed social distancing in the schools. Similarly, Charanchi said all the schools must be fumigated before the return of the students while temperature checking device must also be used in checking the returning students. He gave assurance that schools would be supported to ensure adequate water sanitation and hygiene, adding a step down training would be organized for stakeholders to sensitized them on the pandemic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on Saturday confirmed that he was in consultation with the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the 2023 elections. Ortom said that he had told the opposition party to allow him to make a consultation with his close allies. I have been invited to rejoin APC ― Ortom  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com