Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State has ruled over a divorce suit brought before it by a man, Daudu Sulaimon against his wife, Alimat Sulaimon. Daudu who dragged his wife to court alleged that they were no longer compatible. He, therefore, entreated the court to separate them before he committed murder. The plaintiff shedding more light on his suit explained that his wife was destructive, dubious and promiscuous. He stated that these and much more were the reasons he moved out of their place of abode and rented another apartment. Alimat, who refused that their marriage be dissolved, stated in her defense that her husband misplaced the trust she had in him when he impregnated another woman. According to her, he kept this from her, but the cat was let out of the bag when she came across their wedding pictures on Facebook. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade noted that their relationship had failed. Ruling, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their union and granted custody of their children to the defendant. The plaintiff was ordered to give the defendant N5,000 to pack her property from his house and another N15,000 for their children’s feeding. The feeding allowance he stated must be given on monthly basis. The responsibility of their children’s education was also given to Dauda and same for their education. “My lord, Alimat has pushed me to the wall. I have restrained myself all this while from committing murder. I want her out of my house and life. “My wife is troublesome. She gave me hell in our marriage and extended her hostility to my senior wife who got frustrated and left my home. “I provided Alimat with all she needed to be comfortable and even went as far as buying her two vehicles. Yet, she was never contended. “Alimat is promiscuous. She has strings of lovers among which is the son of our former landlord and another, a Muslim cleric living in our neighbourhood. “I bought her a mobile phone but unknown to her, I had coded it in order to monitor her activities. Through this, her conversations with her lovers were revealed to me. “Everyone in our neighbourhood knows that my wife is cheap,” he said. “Alimat cannot be trusted with money. She’s also indifferent to our children’s education. I decided paying our children’s school fees by myself after I discovered she was spending the money on frivolities. “My wife is a dupe and a bad example to our children. She has never ceased to soil my name. She helped me in getting a shop and collected the full rent from me. She again collected money from another person for the same shop. This act almost got her locked up in the cell. “My lord, Alimat’s most offensive act was that of desecrating my altar. She poured onions on my charms. “I moved out of the house after this and rented another apartment I am presently living in. “She moves with loose women and even had the guts to invite them to my house for a party during the last Ileya festival. “My lord, what I seek from this court is divorce,” he concluded. In response, Alimat said: “My lord, my husband can’t throw me out of the house we jointly built. “We purchased the land we built our house on from the money given to our second child during his naming ceremony. “Daudu misplaced the trust I had in him. He insisted I aborted my fourth pregnancy not knowing that he had impregnated another woman whom she later got married to. “He put me in the dark all through this time. I got the shock of my life when I saw the picture of his wedding to this woman on facbook,” she explained. “Dauda became unfair to me after this and took to beating me mercilessly. “He bought me a mobile phone and coded it. He started monitoring me and listening to my conversations. “I reported Daudu to his boss and after hearing both sides he forced him to apologise to me. “He hates that I attend to my male customers which was the reason I employed apprentices to help me out in the shop. “Dauda is fetish and devilish. He had different kinds of charms kept in a particular room in the house. In this room also were carved items representing people including a relative of his that lived with us. He was always pouring libation on these items. “He lied that I desecrated his charms. I never went near them. “He woke up one day and decided he was moving out of the house but never disclosed his whereabouts. “He was paying our children’s school fees on regular basis before this, but stopped after he left home. “Dauda lied that I’m promiscuous. No other man has seen my nakedness since we got married. “He wants to throw me out of the house because he plans to bring his new wife into the house. “The house belongs to both of us. We both contributed towards its building.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55… 50 Million Nigerians May Develop Mental Illness, Commit Suicide ― Expert Contrary to what many people think, a mental health expert, Dr Jibril Abdulmalik has said that 50 million Nigerians stand a risk of developing mental health problems, and some culminating in suicide. Dr Abdulmalik spoke at a one-day online training on mental health and suicide reportage for media practitioners in commemoration of the World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD) 2020… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com