Four persons have been confirmed dead in a fatal accident in Obosi, Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State on Monday. Four others were said to have sustained varying degrees of injury in the accident which occurred near a slaughterhouse in the area. The Acting Sector Public Education Officer, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Kamal Musa, who confirmed the incident in a statement said: “At about 1130hrs this morning multiple fatal crashes as a result of break failure and loss of control involving a red 911 M/Benz with registration number JJT 168 XG, a Toyota Camry car with registration number FST 122 DQ and a white Toyota Hiace bus belonging to Izuchukwu Motors with registration number ABN 430 YN, was recorded at Obosi slaughter near Obosi police division along Onitsha – Owerri road. According to him, a total of thirteen people including eight male adults and five female adults were involved in the crash. Two male adults and two female adults who sustained varying degrees of injury and were rushed to Unit Hospital Obosi, by FRSC rescue team from Oraifite Unit Command while the corpses have been deposited at the morgue after they were confirmed dead by the doctors in the hospital. “The road obstruction is being cleared to ensure the free flow of traffic,” Musa added. He said the State Sector Commander, Mr. Andrew Kumapayi, while praying to God to grant the deceased’s families the fortitude to bear the irrevocable loss wished the injured victims quick recovery. He admonished motorists to embark on regular maintenance of vehicles and ensure their vehicles meet the minimum safety standards before putting it on the road to avoid undue crashes on our roads.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. PHOTOS: PDP Leaders From The North Hold Crucial Talks With Obasanjo, Babangida Some leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the Northern part of the country on Sunday evening held talks with former President Olusegun Obasanjo in Abeokuta, Ogun State, in what they called an advocacy visit to the former leader. ICYMI: Trump Paid Only 750 Dollars In Federal Income Tax In 2016 ― NY Times Donald Trump paid just 750 dollars in federal income tax in 2016, the year he won the US presidential election, the New York Times wrote in an explosive investigative report late Sunday. TRENDING: Uduaghan Returns To PDP Former governor of Delta State, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan, officially returns to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com