Health, they say, is wealth. Better health is a key to human happiness and well-being. However, Nigeria’s health care system has been under poor condition for decades. This has exposed Nigerians, especially the poor, to hardships. Many have died due to the deplorable nature of the health care system of the country. The novel coronavirus has uncovered the poor health facility in the country which has been whimpering for attention for over a decade. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, who is also the chairman of the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) on COVID-19, had decried the poor state of Nigeria’s healthcare infrastructure in April when he realised how bad it was after he was appointed to head the team. He noted then that the pandemic had provided the opportunity to examine the state of the national health care systems which is in dire need of reforms and funding. He said the weaknesses in Nigeria’s health systems became more glaring given the way more established health systems in Europe and America collapsed under pressure. Therefore, Nigeria must utilize the opportunities brought by the new coronavirus to address all the challenges in the health sector. By doing that, the number of people flying abroad for medical attention will be reduced drastically. This will allow Nigeria to save more lives and our economy will be diversified in the shortest period of time. Bilyaminu Gambo Kong-kol, Kano YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… health sector | health sector | health sector | health sector FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY