The Federal Government has declared Thursday, October 1, as a public holiday to mark Nigeria’s 60th Independence anniversary celebration. Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja. He congratulated all Nigerians on the celebration of the Country’s Diamond Jubilee and assured them of the Government’s unwavering commitment to the socio-economic transformation of the country. Aregbesola in a statement signed by the Permanent Secretary, Barrister Georgina Ekeoma Ehuriah, said, “our warmth, welcoming spirit and love as well as the abundant wealth inherent in our human capital and the richness of our land, make Nigeria unarguably the leading black nation in the world and Africa’s pride and beacon of hope if we can rally ourselves together to harness our potentials. “A country of about 200 million people whose natural talent, grit and passion glitter like the precious Diamond that we are. ALSO READ: FG launches digital Nigeria portal, mobile app “Nigerians are sparkling like diamonds in the pack, whether in Academia, Business, Innovation, Music, Movie, Entertainment, Fashion and culture. We are indeed the leading black nation in the entire world and no doubt Africa’s pride and beacon of hope” Aregbesola said. The Minister said further that though, celebrating 60 years of independence really calls for pomp and pageantry, but with the global COVID-19 pandemic, which has forced all nations in the world to think and act cautiously, we cannot avoid the imperative of a low-keyed celebration at this time. While wishing Nigerians a fruitful Independence anniversary celebration, he reminded them of the fact that our founding fathers, in spite of the differences in faith, tribe and tongue came together for Nigeria’s independence. He, therefore, called on all Nigerians to join hands together with the present Administration in its quest to ensure a better Nigeria for all citizens, both at home and abroad as this, he said, shall be a befitting tribute to the struggles of our heroes past. “We must together make Nigeria great”, Aregbesola said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com