The Coalition Of Ethnic Nationality Youth Leaders Of Nigeria (CENYLON) has concluded plans to honour the incumbent governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu following what it described as unprecedented achievements in recording developmental projects in the state. This was the resolution of the National Executive Council of the coalition following its meeting in Abuja on Monday. In a release signed by the coalition and made available to newsmen, President-General of the coalition, Eric Oluwole stated that “Yesterday, the ethnic youth leaders from various ethnic groups in Nigeria reviewed the role of youths in the forthcoming elections in Ondo and Edo. “The youth leaders having assessed the proximity of elections and a need to stand resolute with a candidate of immense contributions to humanity picked the outstanding governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. “This conclusion was reached after several debates and review of the activities of the administration which span across the security of lives and properties, ease of doing business, infrastructural development, youth empowerment, agricultural development, economic revitalisation, health, education and sports development, among others. The coalition argued further that Akeredolu’s administration, ranging from road construction in the urban areas like Akure, Oda Road, Alagbaka to Oke-Alabojuto in Ikare Akoko, has transformed the state, making it investment-friendly. The statement further insisted that the achievements are endless, including the reduction in tuition fee and the directives for payment by instalment to ensure ease. According to the body, “Oluwarotimi Akeredolu is a man of integrity and is ready to take Ondo State to the next level of progress in Africa and the entire world “In the overall interest of Ondo State, we are rallying and calling on all our ethnic bodies in the state to begin working and mobilising for the reelection of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu SAN. “In line with this unanimous decision to endorse and support Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, CENYLON is set to honour and celebrate the Ondo State governor as the “Performing Governor of the Year.” The Arewa youth leader who also doubled as the chairman, CENYLON delegation to Ondo State, Mohammed Danlami, in his address, thanked the national leaders present in Abuja for the all-important crucial meeting in order to create a path to prosperity and realisation “of the lofty dreams of our founding fathers through supporting the right candidates.” Others include Sammy Brown, Ibibio Youth President for South-South ethnic groups and Dr Kingsley, Ohaneze youth leader for South-East ethnic groups delegates.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune online Adimission Guide for 2020/21 accademic  session for confirmed  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:
Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is noted for academic excellence and Moral standard in the country. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com