Hearing of a suit by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) seeking the disqualification of Pastor OsagieIze-Iyamu from the September 19 governorship election in Edo State was on Tuesday stalled at the Federal High Court, Abuja. The suit slated for hearing on September 8, 2020, could not go on owing to a motion objecting to its hearing by the All Progressives Congress (APC). PDP had in the suit numbered, FHC/ABJ/ CS/69/20, prayed the court for an order disqualifying Ize-Iyamu from contesting in the September 19 governorship poll on account of not being validly nominated by his party, the APC. The plaintiff in the suit filed on July 3, 2020, by its team of lawyers led by Chief Ferdinand Orbih (SAN) is claiming that Ize-Iyamu was not a product of a valid primary election hence, should not be disqualified from participating in the forthcoming election. Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), APC and Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu are joined as defendants in the suit. Although the suit was initially instituted in the Benin Division of the Federal High Court, it was however transferred to the Abuja owing to the annual vacation of the Federal High Court. When the matter was called on Tuesday, PDP’s lawyer, Chief Orbih, told the court that the suit was pen down for hearing “today” but he was served “in court this morning” with the Notice of Preliminary Objection by the second defendant and that he will want to react to it. he prayed the court for a short adjournment to enable him to do so. The trial judge, Justice Ahmed Mohammed called on counsel to APC, Tunde Adejumo for confirmation. Similarly, INEC’s lawyer, Alhassan Umar (SAN( and Ize-Iyamu, Chief Wole Olanipekun (SAN), while confirming service also requested for time to respond to the motion. In the application dated September 7, 2020, and filed by its lead counsel, Akinlolu Kehinde (SAN), the APC is asking the court to strike out the suit for being incompetent and for want of jurisdiction. ALSO READ: Ethnic youths coalition drums support for Akeredolu Some of the grounds, the application was based upon are that; the suit cannot be heard during the court’s vacation period; it did not meet “conditions precedent laid down in Order 46 Rule 5 of the Federal High Court (Civil Procedure) Rules 2019 and that the court lacked jurisdiction to entertain the suit. The APC claimed that “non-fulfilment of the condition precedent laid down in Order 46 Rule 5 of the Federal High Court rules robs the court of the jurisdiction to hear the matter. According to the 2nd defendant, the suit was filed on July 3, vide an originating summons and the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court, in a circle of June 29 announced that the court will embark on its annual vacation on July 27 and end on September 25. APC added that Order 46 Rule 5 provides that a civil matter will only be heard during the court’s vacation period pursuant to an application by the parties to the suit seeking the leave of the court to hear the matter. “There has not been any such application in this suit neither has the 2nd defendant consented to the matter being heard during the vacation period”, the party said. A five-paragraph affidavit deposed to by one Kemi Eseze averred that there is no urgency warranting the suit to be heard during the vacation period, adding that the court has 180 days which will lapse on January 3, 2021, to hear and determine the suit. She claimed that hearing the suit now, without the consent of the 2nd defendant would breach its right to a fair hearing. The APC accordingly prayed the court for a declaration that the suit is incompetent having failed to comply with conditions precedent laid down in Order 46 Rule 5. “An order setting aside all the proceedings in the suit which occurred during the court’s annual vacation period, in particular, all the proceedings of this court sitting in the Benin Judicial Division for being incompetent and a nullity.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians
ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele
In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament
CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders
WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore
FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki
THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY Tribune online Adimission Guide for 2020/21 accademic  session for confirmed  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:
Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is noted for academic excellence and Moral standard in the country. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com