Oyo state governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, on Wednesday, flagged off the reconstruction of the three kilometres Under G-Stadium-LAUTECH 2nd Gate Road, Ogbomoso and second phase of the Light-Up Oyo state project. At an estimated cost of N28.36 billion, the provision of the street light to span 223.48 kilometres of the road across geopolitical zones of the state is expected to be completed in nine months time. Under a Contractor’s Project Financing Scheme involving Messrs Ledco Allied Enterprises and the Oyo State Government, the state will provide an initial counterpart fund of N2.83 billion with a payment arrangement of the entire project sum that will span seven years. Meanwhile, the three kilometres road to be reconstructed will however be a direct intervention of the state Ministry of Public Works and Transport. Speaking in Ogbomoso at the flag-off, Makinde said the state was committing N28.36 billion to the Light-Up phase two project in recognition of the importance of street lights to security and boosting economic activities. With streets lit up, he noted that security agents will better function, while businesses can run for 24 hours. ALSO READ: I will oppose water resources bill if returned for debate ― Rep Jimoh He allayed fears on the cost of maintenance, noting that the lights, as in the Light-up phase one project in Ibadan, is energy-saving, powered by inverters for 9 hours and diesel for 3 hours. “Who says we cannot have 24-hour restaurants, petrol stations and other businesses in Oyo State as it happens in other cities worldwide? These developments start with basic infrastructure such as street lights. “As we kick off this project, permit me to give you an update on ‘Light Up Oyo’ Phase one which covered Ibadan. If you drive around Ibadan at night, you will notice that most of the streets are well lit. The lights used are energy-saving and also the cost of maintenance is low,” Makinde said. Giving more details on the three kilometres road, Permanent Secretary, state Ministry of Public Works and Transport, Mr Adebowale Balogun said the road will have hydraulic structures, line drains, culverts. He added that the road will have pavement made of laterite sub-base, crushed stone base material and 50mm asphaltic concrete wearing course. In his remarks, Vice-Chancellor, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) Ogbomoso, Professor Michael Ologunde noted that many residents had been subjected to hardship plying the road. He held that the reconstruction will save residents, staff and students of LAUTECH from the usual congestion and recurrence of accidents on the road. Contractor in charge of the project, Abdulrahman Abiola said the street light will have WI-FI and Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) to enhance surveillance and monitoring. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY