Two unidentified vehicles have been razed by an explosion from a fuel tanker at Anthony inward in Lagos State. In a tweet on Friday night, The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) confirmed the incident that the tanker lost control while in motion and fell sideways, causing an explosion. Meanwhile, The Agency did not ascertain if there were causalities. “Two unidentified vehicles got burnt. A joint team of responders are working together to curb the inferno from escalating further. ”Preliminary report on a tanker on fire at Anthony inward Gbagada. “We responded to distress calls and upon arrival at the scene, discovered that a tanker with unknown registration number conveying PMS lost control while in motion and subsequently fell sideways causing an explosion,” It said. Also, a three-storey building collapsed in Ejigbo area of Lagos state on Saturday morning. Tribune Online gathered that the unfortunate incident occurred at Number 15, Ansarudeen Street, Ile-Epo bus-stop, at about 8:15 am. It added that no there are no reports of casualties recorded. According to eyewitnesses’ account, the privately-owned building belonging to Excel College had previously shown signs of distress and the school was planning to renovate/refortify the structure before the collapse. In a statement issued by The Director-General, Lagos State Emergency Management Agency LASEMA, Dr Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu confirmed the development saying responders to the incident scene were LASEMA, Police (Ejigbo Division) and other emergency responders. He added that all the necessary agencies are on ground to prevent further damage. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames At Anthony Inward Gbagada, Lagos A fuel tanker has exploded at Anthony inward Gbagada, Lagos State. This happened as a result of the tanker losing control while on motion and fell sideways thereby leading to an explosion and got two unidentified vehicles burnt…Two vehicles burnt Two vehicles burnt Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs…Two vehicles burnt Mixed Reactions Over Gbajabiamila’s Engagement With African Speakers To Loose Africa From Stranglehold Of Foreign Debts Hundreds of followers of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila have continued to react to the twitter message on his official twitter handle: @femigbaja, on his engagement with his counterparts from Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Senegal and South Africa on the planned collaboration in the joint task of loosening the stranglehold of foreign debt on our economies, ahead of the 2021 conference of African Speakers, scheduled to hold in Abuja…Two vehicles burnt  Two vehicles burnt NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com