Benue State Police Command, on Monday, said it has arrested 96 suspects for various offences. The suspects, according to the command spokesperson, Catherine Anene were arrested within Makurdi,  the capital of Benue State. In a press release issued by the  Anene, a Deputy Superintendent of Police the suspects were arrested for alleged housebreaking and theft, robbery and cult activities around Welfare Quarters, Yarkiyo, wadata, Ankpa Quarters, NUJ and North-Bank, all in Makurdi, the capital city of Benue. The PPRO said that the  96 suspects were apprehended between August  24, 2020, and September 15, 2020, and gave some of the names of the suspects to include;  One Ortee sesugh also known as “Smart”,  Kabiru Mohammad “Awasco ” Aondover Terfa “Stubborn “,  Tyosenda Kator “Total”, Noah Isaac “Zico ”, Bemdoo Terhide, Suleiman Hamza “Pepper Boy”, Ahmed Ibrahim “Transformer”, Eduh Elaibi “Baron. Also are; “Aondoaseer Akaa “SS”, Kamal Mohammad “Eighty”,  Terkumbur Tivlumun “Andy”, Samuel Nengem “Doff” and eighty-three (83) others, all of the different address within Makurdi. Anene further said that items recovered from them include: two locally made pistols, one Dane gun, two (2) live cartridges, one canister of 38mm, tear gas cartridge, one  Military camouflage cap, three black berets, four red berets, military jungle hat, two pairs of Military uniforms (khaki and ceremonial dress), two Military trousers, one Ipad, two desert boots, one animal horn, cutlasses, knives and assorted charms and wraps of herbs suspected to be Indian Hemp. She said that the command appreciated every relevant information that could lead to more suspects, the police spokesperson said that investigation is still in progress. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, More Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria recorded the lowest COVID-19(Coronavirus) infections in over six weeks, Tribune Online reports. For three weeks, the weekly figure has been fluctuating. In the first week of September, the cases reduced, followed by a week of increase and another week of reduction. BREAKING: EdoDecides2020: Obaseki Declared Winner The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Sunday, declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Godwin Obaseki, as the winner of the governorship election in Edo State… Police arrest 96 suspects SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com