The Minister of State for Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, has condoled with the government and people of Kogi state over the death of over 30 people, most of whom were schoolchildren, during an inferno in the state. It will be recalled that there was a tanker explosion in the early hours of today (Wednesday) along Felele-Nataco axis of Abuja-Lokoja road in which family of six also perished. Dr Aliyu, in a statement by her Special Assistant on Media, Austine Elemue, and made available to newsmen in Abuja, expressed shock over the untimely death of the victims especially the school children, expressing her deepest sympathies to the Government and people of the State especially the families of the victims of the inferno. ALSO READ: Court faults Buhari for sending 11 names to Senate for appointment as Abuja High court judges According to the statement: “I pray that in this difficult time, the love of God will continue to protect our people.” While describing it as tragic, the minister also called on the state to pray for the souls of the departed. She also urged the people especially students of the Polytechnic to remain calm and peaceful, stressing that the government was aware of the gravity of the situation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com