THREE officials of the Oyo State Environmental Task Force were on Thursday injured in Ibadan by hoodlums at Molete area of the state capital. The officials were attacked during the weekly sanitation exercise at the market located under the Molete Bridge. According to the chairman of the Oyo State Environmental Task Force, ACP Francis Ojomo, the Environmental monitoring team was able to arrest two suspects, a male and a female, which later assisted in arresting other culprits. Ojomo while addressing journalists over the development noted that Molete was a volatile area with various joints where Indian hemp and other hard drugs were peddled but assured the general public that those perpetrating evil acts in the area would soon be brought to book. Ojomo disclosed that the injured government officials have been admitted at an undisclosed hospital and were responding to treatment. However, in a similar development, the task force has apprehended 13 individuals for dumping refuse in waterways in the state capital. The accused have also been charged and sentenced by a special tribunal. Kogi Govt Writes US, Protests Visa Ban Kogi State government has protested the recent visa ban imposed on politicians alleged to have rigged the November 2019 election…Hoodlums injure task force Third Mainland Bridge Phase One Rehabilitation Almost Complete ― Controller The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Friday assured that Third Mainland Bridge repairs were progressing…Hoodlums injure task force Ondo Amotekun Arrests 65 Cows, Herder Over Farm Destruction No fewer than 65 cows and the herdsman in charge, Adamu Adamu Yusuf , have been arrested by men of the Ondo State Security…Hoodlums injure task force NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com