An International Law and Jurisprudence scholar, Prof. Akin Oyebode, says the victory of Mr Godwin Obaseki in the just-concluded Edo gubernatorial polls has wiped off god-father politics in Nigeria’s political culture. Oyebode made the statement while speaking in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka on Monday on the outcome of the Edo governorship election. According to him, the result of the election has opened a new and better era in the polity. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) declared Obaseki of the PDP winner of the election, held on Sept. 19. ALSO READ: CBN beams searchlight on individuals, companies over forex malpractices Obaseki polled 307,955 votes to defeat his closest rival, Mr Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC, who polled 223,619 votes. According to Oyebode, the outcome of the election is not unexpected. “The nation’s political slate has been wiped clean. “This should wake up the APC from its illusion and slumber and make it not to take things for granted. “The party should become sensitive to the hopes, aspirations and interests of the suffering masses.” Oyebode also lauded INEC, the police and other security agencies for their exemplary conduct during the election. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ondo 2020: PDP not divided over Jegede ― Campaign organisation The All Progressives Congress (APC) has won 14 out of the 18 chairmanship seats in the just-concluded Ondo State local government elections conducted in the state last Saturday. The chairman of Ondo State Independent National Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin who made this known while announcing the results of the election said the commission is still awaiting the result of four local government areas Stop harassing Mailafia, Secondus tells DSS The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has admonished the Directorate of State Security Service (DSS), to refrain from further harassment of former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Dr Obadiah Mailafia. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com