Kaduna State police command has debunked reports on social media claiming bandits had attacked a train along Kaduna-Abuja route. Tribune Online reports that on Monday the social media was inundated with the story of a train with passengers being attacked by bandits. However, reacting to the reports on Tuesday, the police command through the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Muhammad Jalige said there was no such attack. He noted that it was just a rumour, adding that the train which left Abuja in the evening arrived its final destination safely. According to him, some miscreants threw stones to the said train along Rijana which shattered the windows of the train. “It was not a bullet or bow and arrow, what they threw are not aggressive weapons. It was not an attack, the train was moving. “Our men in Rijana are on top of the situation. An investigation would be conducted and anyone found to be involved in the incident would be punished. “So far no suspect has been arrested but our men have been deployed in the area to trail the suspects,” Jalige said. In the same vein, the Kaduna State government has also denied that a passenger train was attacked in Rijana in Kaduna. In a statement issued by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Alhaji Abdullahi Sani on Tuesday described the story as “a concoction and fabrication of mischief-makers.” “From all checks with security agencies and officials of the Nigeria Railway Corporation, the report that bandits attacked the train is not only false but a concoction and fabrication of mischief-makers,” the statement added. According to the Permanent Secretary, there is no “denying the fact, that the state is ridden with security challenges but it is uncharitable, inhuman and irresponsible to advance falsehood for personal satisfaction that insecurity lingers in the state.” The ministry regretted “how some elites are at the forefront of sharing and circulating fake news and inciting materials for reasons best known to their religious and political persuasions. “It is unfortunate and regrettable, that what is now news and worthy of celebration is negative imagination to instil fear and confusion in the hearts of the citizenry,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. Imported Poultry Foods Now Infected With COVID-19 ― Customs The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has put its officers stationed at all border points, airports and seaports on red alert, warning them to be extra vigilant over the importation of poultry products because some have been found to contain Covid-19. JUST IN: Emir Of Biu, Umar Mustapha Is Dead The Emir of Biu in Borno State, Mai Umar Mustapha Aliyu is dead. He died on Monday night at the Federal Medical Center Gombe after a brief illness. Osinbajo Departs Abuja For ECOWAS Extraordinary Summit In Accra Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will depart Abuja Tuesday for Accra, Ghana to attend an Extraordinary Summit of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on the situation in Mali. Edo: INEC Deploys Five Resident Electoral Commissioners Ahead of Saturday’s governorship election in Edo State, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has finally deployed five Residents Electoral Commissioners to the state to complement their counterpart, Mr Johnson Alalibo. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com