The Peoples Democratic Party Governors Forum (PDPGF) has praised President Muhammadu Buhari for keeping his word not to unduly influence the conduct of the Edo gubernatorial election using state machinery. The chairman of the forum and Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, who made this declaration in a statement on Sunday, also commended the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for not allowing itself to be used to manipulate the exercise. Similarly, the forum praised the security agencies for maintaining relative neutrality during the conduct of the election. Tambuwal said: “We single out INEC, the electoral umpire for special commendation as it didn’t allow itself as an institution to be manipulated into subverting the clearly expressed will and wishes of the people of Edo State. “We applaud the security agencies for their fairness and relative neutrality in the conduct of the elections. “In all these, special thanks must go to the President, Commander in Chief, Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, for keeping his word not to unduly interfere in the elections by using state machinery. “We in the PDP Governors’ Forum wishes to place on record our appreciation of the hard work, dedication and commitment exhibited by the National Chairman of the PDP, the PDP National Working Committee, the leadership and members of the Edo State Chapter of the party and in particular the Edo PDP Campaign Council led by His Excellency, Governor Nyesom Wike and other governors of the PDP. ALSO READ: PHOTOS: Jubilation in Edo as Obaseki wins second term “We also thank our party stalwarts in Edo State and other PDP leaders and stakeholders for working together to deliver Edo State to PDP.” The PDPGF boss congratulated Governor Obaseki on his victory, saying: “Your victory in the just concluded governorship election is a testament to the triumph of justice, hard work, resilience, grit, forward planning, clinical execution and reward for improving the lot of the people of Edo State. “As the flag bearer of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the election, you validated the well-known fact that Edo State is truly a PDP dominated state. It is a resounding endorsement by Edo people of your performance in the last four years. It is an absolute rejection by ‘Edolites’ of godfatherism and imposition of their leaders by forces from outside the state. “Your election has rekindled the hope of Nigerians, that a free and fair election is still possible in Nigeria. “It now behoves on the governor-elect, Mr Obaseki, to reciprocate the support of the people by doubling his effort to sustain good governance and accountability to the people of Edo State who have invested their trust and confidence in him. “Even as a PDP governor-elect, we trust that you will govern with fairness to all Edolites irrespective of party affiliation or support for you. “The Edo people have spoken and democracy has triumphed. It is indeed the will of God. It’s morning again in Edo.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com