The Kano State police command has recovered noodles worth over N4 million meant for palliatives in Benue State and so-tagged, that were diverted and were being sold at Singer Market in Kano State. This was just as the command paraded 259 suspects arrested for various offences ranging from kidnapping, armed robbery, motor vehicles thieves, drug dealers and other crimes committed within and outside the state. Disclosing this while addressing a press conference on Wednesday in Kano, the state Commissioner of Police, Habu Sani, said, “To update you on breakthroughs and achievements recorded by the command in fighting all forms of crimes and criminality in Kano State.” According to him, the summary of major achievements recorded in terms of arrests made includes 45 armed robbery and eight kidnapping suspects,146 thugs, 28 fraudsters, eight drug dealers,14 motor vehicles, seven tricycle thieves and 14 motorcycle thieves. He added that four victims of solitary confinement, four kidnap victims and one abduction victim were rescued. CP Sani, however, disclosed that 10 rifles including one AK-47 rifle, two English pistols, four locally-made guns, three locally-made pistols and 79 live ammunition and cartridges were recovered. He further disclosed that 82 bottles of Codeine syrup valued at N123,000, 84 assorted knives used by thugs,73 GSM handsets, one Point of Sale (POS) machine, and 985 used SIM cards were also recovered. He said one Plasma TV worth N90,000, an HP laptop valued at N120,000 and one iPhone 11 valued at N350,000 and one iPhone 6s valued at N85,000 were recovered. He said, “We shall continue to remain committed and resolute in fulfilling our policing mandate in line with the vision and mission of the IGP Abubakar Adamu.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com