Speaking on his mobile phone, the Rivers State Commissioner for Information, Mr Paulinus Nsirim who confirmed the incident said that he was still trying to figure out the reason for the police action. Nsirim said: “The police should be the one to give you the reason why my governor’s hotel room was sealed off by the police. All I can say is that his hotel is under siege by a detachment of policemen. I don’t know the reason for the action. Nobody told us.” ALSO READ: Severe acute malnutrition kills 21 children in Bauchi Persistent attempts to speak with either the Edo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Johnson Kokumo or the spokesman, Mr Chidi Nwanbuzor proved futile as they refused to answer several calls put to their mobile phone numbers. The Zone Five Police spokesman, Mr Emeka Iheanacho who spoke on his mobile phone said that he was not competent to speak on the issue. The South-South zonal vice-chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Dan Orbih said that he was not aware of the travails of Governor Wike in Benin as he was presently in his hometown of Ogbona, Etsako West Local Government Area of the state to prepare for today’s governorship polls. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Minister commends NBMA on regulations for GMOs THE Minister of state in the Federal Ministry of environment Mrs. Sharon Ikeazor has commended the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) for its efforts in ensuring that the activities of modern Biotechnology and its products are properly regulated. police https://tribuneonlineng.com/minister-commends-nbma-on-regulations-for-gmos/ police FG reiterates commitment to protection of schools The Federal Government has reiterated its commitment to the protection of schools and learning centres across the country from violence and all forms of attacks. Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu in a statement on Wednesday, commemorating the first International Day for the Protection of Education from Attack, stated that the protection of learners, teaching and non-teaching personnel, schools and learning centres from all forms of attacks was an obligation of government and all relevant stakeholders. https://tribuneonlineng.com/fg-reiterates-commitment-to-protection-of-schools/ police SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com