Popular music entrepreneur, Olabisi Akanbi, has been rewarded by multiple youth organisations for his efforts towards raising music talents. The honour came from separate youth organisations which include the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), Congress of Nigerian Youth (CONYO) and the National Association of Polytechnic Students (NAPS). The honour comes in a year when the recipient through his music outfit, Labo Entertainment, signed music act, Dotman, in order to help the singer move to the next level of his career. Akanbi was also reported to have made humanitarian interventions to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on slum-dwellers in Oworonshoki, Lagos as well as Nigerian creatives at Artiste Village, National Arts Theatre, Iganmu. Music stars who have openly expressed their debt of gratitude for the flourish of their careers to Akanbiinclude Konga, Sideone, Ecoman and Smapee. While making the award presentation, NANS zonal treasurer, Showunmi Emmanuel,commended the awardee for his “passionate professional capabilities, outstanding leadership acumen, commitment, integrity and professionalism, various youth empowerment programmes, extensive knowledge in job creation and employment and selfless service to humanity.” Corroborating the words of Emmanuel, NAPS president, Olasunkanmi Ijaduoye, expressed that “the leadership award is in recognition of your administrative and business acumen, your professional capabilities as well as your unrelenting commitment to youth developmental and philanthropic projects in the nation. In his remarks, Akanbi restated his commitment to continue to impart the society, especially through Labo Foundation and Labo Entertainment, adding that, “At Labo Group, we have been going about our business without seeking praise of men. It is gratifying that youth organizations are taking note of our good work. As they say, the reward of work is more work and we promise to continue our interventions to help communities and groups.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: FG’s Gaffe On Amotekun FOR the umpteenth time, the presidency stirred the hornet’s nest recently. Against the run of logic and the law, it declared that regional security outfits such as Amotekun would be subsumed under the existing policy architecture.  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, featuring… E Ink Tablets Are Fast Replacing Pen And Paper. E Ink tablets are devices that allow you to do the things you can do with a pen and notepad, which is to take notes for keeps with the possibility of reviewing later. The simplicity of these devices is so amazing that using them is just like using pen and paper. Technological advancements have made lots of people turn to… 22 Christians And Muslims Leaders Unite For Peace In Kaduna Muslim and Christian leaders in Kaduna State have called on adherents of both religions to stop conducts that are unbecoming of their faith but to embrace peace instead. The leaders of faith spoke at Sir Kashim Ibrahim House, Kaduna when Governor Nasir El-Rufai inaugurated the House of Kaduna Family, a platform… Over 9,246 Teachers Failed Professional Qualifying Exams ― TRCN Not less than 9246 teachers failed the Batch A professional qualifying examination conducted in July 2020, by the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). Registrar/Chief Executive of TRCN, Professor Josiah Olusegun Ajiboye, who release the results the examination on Thursday in Abuja, however, said a… NBA Team Denied Access To Kano Singer Accused Of Blasphemy  A two-man fact-finding committee set up by the National President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Olumide Akpata to visit Yahaya Sharif Aminu in Kano Correctional Centre was denied access to the convicted singer.  The committee made up of the NBA 1st Vice President– Mr John Aikpokpo-Martins and the… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY