THE Registrar/Chief Executive of National Business and Technical Examinations Board (NABTEB), Professor Ifeoma Isiugo-Abanihe, has lauded Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State for his giant stride in technical education in the state, saying education remains the best legacy parents/guardians could give to their children. Professor Isiugo-Abanihe made the remark while answering reporter’s question shortly after monitoring the ongoing nation-wide NABTEB examination at Government Technical College, Nsukka in Nsukka Local Government Area of the state on Wednesday. The NABTEB boss said she was impressed with what she saw on the ground in the state, noting that technical education makes students acquire a skill which is the key to self-reliance, reduction of poverty and unemployment in the country. According to her, “The measures put in place by the Enugu State Government to curb the further spread of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly commendable” On the assessment of students on the on-going NABTEB examination, Professor Isiugo-Abanihe said she was happy to see the students obeying strictly the safety protocols as laid down by the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the Presidential Task Force (PTF) “I saw the physical distancing being observed by students at the examination halls with their face masks. I also saw soap, water, hand-sanitizer, infrared thermometer, I am happy with their level of compliance. Across the country, I have not heard reports of examination malpractice. I was in Imo State yesterday and today I am in Enugu State to see things myself. The NBTEB examination started yesterday smoothly and I am optimistic it will end well”, she added. ALSO READ: Nasarawa govt begins payment of gratuity to pensioners Professor Isiugo-Abanihe also used the opportunity to commend the Federal Government for being proactive in stemming the spread of Coronavirus through its task force, adding that there is a significant decline in the number of COVID-19 cases in the country. Earlier in their separate speeches, the State Commissioner for Education, Professor Uche Eze and the Chairman of the State Vocational, Science and Technical Education Board, Chief Gabriel Ajah, said “it is important that necessary measures have been put in place in our schools for safe re-opening, adding that education is on the priority list of the present state governor, Rt Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi. Professor Eze disclosed that as schools reopen in the State on September 28, this year, “strong monitoring teams at state and local government areas have been constituted for the safety of all that operates in our schools” The NABTEB boss is expected in Abuja on Thursday in continuation of her on-the-spot assessment of the on-going NABTEB examination across the country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:

Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com