An Ile-Ife Magistrates’ Court in Osun on Tuesday ordered the remand of one Sunday Igwe, 35, in  Correctional Custody over alleged shop breaking and theft. Magistrate A.A. Adebayo refused the bail of the defendant and ordered that he should be remanded in Ile-Ife Correctional custody. Adebayo, therefore, adjourned the case until Sept. 29. Earlier, Insp. Abdullahi Emmanuel told the court that the defendant committed the offences on Sept.15, at about 5:00 a.m at Lokore Street, Ile-Ife. Emmanuel said that the defendant conspired with others now at large to commit felony to wit: shop breaking. He added that the defendant unlawfully entered into the shop of one Omolara Ajisafe with intent to commit felony to wit: stealing. ALSO READ: Traffic congestion: Traffic radio launches Radio Live Updates Motorcycles in Lagos According to him, the defendant stole some packs of Seaman, Chelsea, ‘Jedi Oloyin’, three cartons of ‘Agbara’ Black, two cartons of Origin; three packs of Bed and two cartons of Machinery. Emmanuel listed other items stolen to include: three packs of regal, two packs of Can Malt, two packs of Goldberg; Nine packs of Sigi Roll and two packs of Viju Milk. According to him, the defendant also stole three packs of Bobo drink; Hollandia yoghurts; one carton of Agbara nla, two cartons of Guilder and some bottles of scama, all valued at N160,000. He said that the defendant unlawfully damaged a security net and used a master duplicate key to enter Ajisafe’s shop. The prosecutor stated further that the offences contravened Sections 390 (9), 411, 451 and 516 of the Criminal Code, Laws of Osun, 2002. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the four-count charge of conspiracy, intent to commit a felony, breaking and stealing. Mr Wonder Okon, Counsel for the defendant pleaded for bail of his client in the most liberal term. Okon pledged that his client would not jump bail, but would provide reliable sureties. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com