The provost of the Federal College of Education, Kontagora, Niger State, Professor Faruk Rashid Haruna, has described the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) as a viable and reliable federal government agency that supports institutions of higher learning to grow and develop. He made the remarks over the weekend at the college in Kontagora while showcasing some 10 projects, estimated at over N1 billion, executed and completed by his administration through TETFund’s intervention. Professor Haruna noted that without TETFund’s interventions at the FCE, Kontagora, some of the projects embarked upon by his administration in the last two years would not have been possible due to paucity of funds. He said the 10 projects cut across all the six schools at the college. These include a lecture theatre, Biological Garden, the Geography Garden while the School of Business Education had a model office. He said the projects also included an auditorium which was named after Col. Sani Bello (rtd) in appreciation of his immense contributions to the growth and development of the college. Professor Haruna, however, expressed regrets that the executive secretary, TETFund, Professor Suleiman Elias Bogoro, could not fulfill his promise to be at the college at the weekend because his aircraft could not fly from the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, to Kontagora as a result of bad weather. He said another date would be communicated to him in the nearest future by the executive secretary for the inauguration of the projects at the FCE, Kontagora, as part of his visit to the North-Central states of the country for the Impact Assessment of TETFund’s interventions in the zone. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Petrol/Electricity Price Hike: Prepare For Unprecedented Mass Action From Next Monday, NLC, TUC Tell Nigerians With the convocation of an enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and a memo to all its affiliate unions and state councils by the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday, the organised labour has commenced mobilisation for the industrial strike and a nationwide protest against the increase in electricity tariff and fuel price… FG Takes Over Revenue Management Of NNPC, Customs, FIRS, NCC, Others Pressured by dwindling revenues and heavy debt burden, the Federal Government on Tuesday moved to boost its resources by directly taking over control of revenue management of its 10 most lucrative enterprises… Borno Governor Donates House, N20m To Widow, Children Of Colonel Killed By Boko Haram Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Tuesday announced a donation of a house and N20 million to the widow and children of Colonel Dahiru Bako who died from wounds sustained during an ambush on his troops while battling Boko Haram on Sunday morning… Angry APC Governors Meet Oshiomhole SOME governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Friday, met with the national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, behind closed doors.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com