EXPERTS in reproductive health and rights have said that changing men’s perceptions and attitudes towards girls from childhood will help to stem the tide of rising rape incidents in the country. The experts who expressed their concern about the astronomical increase in rape incidents in the country made this assertion in Ibadan during three-day capacity training for journalists on Women’s Sexual Reproductive Health and Rights and global gag rule. It was organised by IPAS, an international non-profit advocacy group focused on improving and expanding women’s sexual and reproductive rights. An obstetrician-gynecologist, Dr Steve Lemadoro, said that every parent has the responsibility to raise boys who would grow up to become men who respect and protect women’s sexual rights and dignity. Lemadoro said that every parent should question how they are raising their boy-child, if they are raising them to be caring, confident and respectful men. He added, “Sexual violence often results from things that men do, we know that this is largely a male thing. “I ask parents what kind of boys are you raising? Are you raising a boy that respects the autonomy of the female and knows that the female should give consent to whatever things that should be done to her body. “Are you raising a child that honours female and regards them as equal sex and that should be given all the opportunity that they should have and be supported all the time? “When we begin to have a society that have boys growing to become men who have these kind of values we will have less of violence, less of rape, less of these kind of challenges we are facing right now. “A lot of the problems we are facing right now arise from the fact that boys and men still see women as properties that they can own who have no opinions on how they should be treated.” Policy and Advocacy Advisor, IPAS, Mrs Doris Ikepze, said that sexual violence and assault is an insidious problem which indicates erosion of social norms and values. Ikepze who lauded the domestication of Violence against Persons Prohibition Act by some state governments, said that there was need to scale-up community awareness on women’s sexual rights. According to her rape has a long-term devastating consequence not just on the victim but also the society as a whole. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lessons From Fani-Kayode’s ‘Stupid’ The Femi Fani-Kayode experience was needless and plainly avoidable. But something tells me it won’t be the last. There is the feeling today in power circles that because of the ascendancy of the Internet and its platforms of social engagements, the press as we knew it is now impotent and could be humiliated and called stupid without consequences. The truth of the media’s undying powers should be clear in what Femi just went through… Buhari Approves Transfer Of NIMC To Communications Ministry President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transfer of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. A statement signed by the Minister‘s Spokesperson, Mrs Uwa Suleiman, on Monday in Abuja, said that the approval was based on Buhari’s consideration for the critical role of NIMC towards the realisation of the objectives of the National Digital Economy Policy and… Businesses May Not Normalise Till August 2021—Report BUSINESSES and brands, hoping to return to ‘winning ways’ soon, after the devastating effects of the COVID 19  pandemic, may need to wait a little bit longer, as a recently-released CEO Report, from Philips Consulting Limited PCL,  has predicted that it would take another 12 months, August 2021, for the nation’s business environment to fully activate and operate optimally… Zainab Ahmed’s Economic Policy Actions In The First Year The policy execution drive of Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has within this one year into the second tenure of Buhari -led administration, just as it has over the years, consistently helped to take the economy through the frightening months of COVID-19, and also looked to set it on a path to steady growth. But for the impact of the pandemic, perhaps this period ought to be a good time… FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY. KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW TO PLACE ODER WITH FREE DELIVERY