A Physiotherapist, Abubakar Atiku was stabbed to death by phone thieves in Kano on Thursday night and has been reportedly buried, in Ringim local government, Jigawa State in accordance with Islamic rites. The deceased’s brother, Dr Idris Tijjani Shuaibu, while narrating how his brother met his untimely death, disclosed on Friday, that “the late Physiotherapist who recently graduated from School of Nursing, Birnin Kudu and yet to start practice was attacked close to the first gate, red bricks, along Gwarzo Road, Gwale local government area, Kano, around 10.00 pm on Thursday night where he went to see a friend.” Dr.Shuaibu, who is presently undergoing his post-graduate program at Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital added that “based on the information gathered, unfortunately, when he arrived his friend’s house, he was not around and he had to phone him to know his whereabouts to find out. Unknown to him, that he was been trailed by phone thieves, the deceased was subsequently attacked and he raised the alarm that led to the neighbours rushing to the scene, saw two of the attackers speed off on a motorcycle while the deceased was in a pool of blood. Dr Idris Tijjani Shuaibu, however, stated that his brother was immediately rushed to Murtala Muhammed Specialists Hospital where he died. As of the time of filing this report, the police are yet to comment on the issue. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…Abubakar Atiku stabbed Abubakar Atiku stabbed COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…Abubakar Atiku stabbed  Abubakar Atiku stabbed Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…Abubakar Atiku stabbed  Abubakar Atiku stabbed SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com