The Police on Wednesday arraigned a 25-year-old man, Chukwuma Ngwu, before a Karu Grade 1 Area Court, sitting in Abuja for allegedly stealing his master’s bicycles worth N275,000. The defendant is standing trial for criminal breach of trust and theft, offences he denied committing. The Prosecutor, Ayotunde Adeyanju, told the court that the victim, one Eze Jeff, reported the matter at the Karu police station on Sept. 12. “The victim alleged that sometime in August, the defendant, who happens to be his employee and apprentice, dishonestly stole his 11 bicycles, valued at N275,000. “During the police investigation, two bicycles were recovered from the defendant, while all efforts to recover the remaining nine proved abortive,” Adeyanju said. He said the offence contravened Sections 314 and 289 of the Penal Code Law. The judge, Inuwa Maiwada, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N300, 000 with one surety in like sum and adjourned the case until Oct. 13, for hearing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!