Yoruba people under the auspices of various actualisation groups came together as an entity under the canopy of the Yoruba World Congress (YWC), on Wednesday, in Ibadan, to sign the re-enacted peace treaty 2020, with a vision to consolidate peace in Yoruba land and also constitute the Yoruba Assembly as part of the vision of getting the Yoruba nation without flouting the rules of Nigeria. The event tagged the Ibadan Grand Conference which was the finale of the 2020 Yoruba National Unity Day Celebrations in commemoration of the 134th anniversary of the end of the Kiriji war held at the Yoruba World Congress at Bodija in Ibadan. On Tuesday, there were visits to battle sites at Okemesi, Imesi-Ile and Igbajo where there were prayers and libations at the war memorial, the release of peace doves and balloons, the dedication of peace plaque at the war site and general reawakening of Yoruba history and culture by Yoruba leaders of thoughts and traditional rulers. The re-enacted treaty was in commemoration of the one signed in 1886 by Yoruba traditional rulers to signal eternal peace among the Yoruba race and was witnessed by traditional rulers and Yoruba leaders of thoughts. The Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Adetunji, represented by the Otun Olubadan, High Chief Lekan Balogun, who led prayers for the people and the Yoruba race as a whole, urged the people to tread the path of peace as unity is needed for any community or race to enjoy development. The President, YWC, Prof Banji Akintoye, in his welcome address stated that the YWC is committed to actualising a Yoruba nation without bloodshed, violence, riots or disrespect to the provisions of the constitution of Nigeria, adding that it will be actualised. He reiterated that there should be a succession plan in the fight for Yoruba unity, adding that “our young people neglected all these days must be made to know their importance to the struggle, you can’t achieve anything without youths; involvement of youths guarantees success. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: Why I didn’t pick Agboola Ajayi as running mate ― Jegede “There’s no compromise in our resolve to achieve the dream of a Yoruba nation without violence. We must be peaceful in all we do, we cannot afford to damage our assets in order to prove a point. I will not compromise the right of the youths because whatever achievement you have is nothing without a successor,” Prof Akintoye said. Also speaking, the Convener of Yoruba Koya Movement and founder of Space Can radio, Otunba Deji Osibogun stated that the first step for the Yoruba race is to unite, drop all unnecessary supremacy contest and let all battles cease as there is nothing that can be achieved without unity and a solid database of facts and figures supplied by all Yoruba people across all states. He urged everyone both old and young to allow the signing of the re-enacted treaty signal the dawn of new dawn towards actualising the dream of a strong Yoruba race that can stand on its own and utilise its potentials for the growth of its people. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YWC constitutes Yoruba assembly SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com