The Chief Imam of Umar bin khaddabi Jummu’at Mosque in Zamfara State, Sheikh Umar Kanoma, has raised an alarm that two sharia court judges have been kidnapped in the state. Sheikh Umar Kanoma who spoke today while delivering Friday sermon appealed for prayers from Muslims umma and the general public for the safe release of the two kidnapped judges. According to him, the two sharia court judges were travelling back home after they attended lectures outside the state. “We appealed for prayers from Muslims umma and the general public for the safe release of the two kidnapped sharia court judges who were abducted on their way back from Maradi in the Niger Republic, where they attended lectures in pursuance of their education.” The Chief Imam gave the names of those kidnapped sharia court judges as Mallam Sabiu Abdullahi and Mallan Shafi’i Jangebe in the state. It was gathered that one of the kidnapped sharia court judge, Mallam Sabiu Abdullahi also doubles as Deputy Chief Imam of Usaimin Jummu’at Mosque in Gusau, the state capital. Imam Umar Kanoma during the sermon called on bandits and other crimes perpetrators to repent and seek Allah’s forgiveness for them to be free and be integrated with the general public so as to return to normal life. The Chief Imam also called on government at all tiers to live up to their responsibilities of ensuring the protection of lives and properties ensuring the provision of welfare to the less-privileged people in the state. He disclosed that citizens are now living in hardship, prices of foodstuff has skyrocketed, people were living from hand to mouth. He further appeals to wealthy individual and groups to assist in cushioning the current hardship experienced by people in the state and country at large. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion…Two Sharia court judges Two Sharia court judges COMMENTARY: Four Reasons It’s Stupid To Compare Nigeria’s Petrol Prices With Other Countries, By Farooq Kperogi In trying to justify Buhari’s latest callous hike in the price of petrol (amid a pandemic, no less), Buhari’s supporters increasingly sound like noisome idiots straining hard to be low-grade morons. Here are four reasons it’s stupid to compare Nigeria’s petrol prices with others…Two Sharia court judges Two Sharia court judges Constitution Review: Middle Belt Congress Seeks Additional 19 States, Abolition Of Local Councils Ahead of the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution by the Senate ad-hoc committee led by Senator Ovie Omo Agege, the Middle Belt Congress has submitted a memorandum to the Committee. Investigation revealed that the MBC is seeking for the creation of an additional 19 states in the country to make the total number of states to 55…Two Sharia court judges SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com