THERE is no gainsaying that our youths and students have been at home and all schools shut down since March as a result of the novel COVID-19 pandemic ravaging the country and the world at large. At a time like this when governments across the globe and our country Nigeria are easing lockdown and reopening agencies and the economy, there is the need to reopen the gates of our shut campuses. The concern and welfare of our wards in higher institutions should be our priority and this should be paramount to all and sundry. The only way to reduce social vices amidst our youths is the reopening of our campuses, so as to reduce gangsterism, stealing and not to give room for them to be used for electoral malpractices and violence in the forthcoming Ondo and Edo gubernatorial elections. Parents are currently afraid of their wards engaging themselves in social vices because they are now largely idle. Government must ensure fumigation of campuses, proper use of nose masks, and no gathering of more than 50 people. We should do more in curbing the spread of the coronavirus on our campuses by ensuring that all precautionary measures are adhered to and all safety methods observed. All the students, teaching and non-teaching staff of the various institutions should have a medical document of clearance to show that they are free from coronavirus from recognised hospitals. Institutions must have security guards to make sure the new system is adhered to by the students. The mode of being clustered like mushroom as being done before should be addressed in all institutions. We must adopt the new system of social/physical distancing and spacing of students. However, stakeholders should be concerned and must ensure they work together with the government for the progress of our wards irrespective of political affiliation.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TOUGH POLICIES: IMF, World Bank Take Over Nigeria’s Economy •More Pains Ahead For Nigerians ALTHOUGH this seems a difficult period for Nigerians, Sunday Tribune investigations have, however, revealed that it  could actually be a signal to the beginning of more unbearable pains in the form of economic policies as the Federal  Government continues to implement the stringent conditions of its international creditors… What I See Around The Villa — Primate Ayodele In this interview by KEHINDE OYETIMI, founder of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, Lagos, Primate Ayodele speaks on both global and local issues… High Cost Of Fuel, Electricity Will Ruin Our Lives — Market Leaders, Business Owners Lament CONDEMNATION of the hike in petroleum products and electricity went notches higher at the weekend as more  Nigerians flayed the decision of the Federal Government to take such a decision not minding the fatal blow dealt the economy by the coronavirus pandemic… No Govt Has Raped Nigeria Like Buhari’s — Labour Leaders WITH last week’s increase in the pump price of fuel, the organised labour has warned President Muhammadu Buhari against pushing Nigerians to the wall, saying no government has raped the country like the current administration. The labour leaders, in separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, said Buhari has lost touch… P&ID $10B Scandal: How Govt Officials Frustrated Nigeria’s Case — Shasore FORMER Lagos State Attorney-General (AG) and Commissioner for Justice, Olasupo Shasore, a Senior Advocate of  Nigeria, at the weekend opened up on the salacious scandal trailing the controversial contract crisis between Nigeria and an offshore Shell company, Process and Industrial Development Limited… What Caused My Rift With Oshiomhole — Obaseki THE Edo State governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that one of the reasons his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole is against his re-election bid is his reversal of the sale of Edaiken  Market, which Oshiomhole sold to his friends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! KILL IT ONCE! AND GET RID OF ULCER COMPLETELY WITH THIS NATURAL LASTING SOLUTION!  PIKIN WAY SAY HIM MAMA NO GO REST, HIM NO GO REST TOO! CLICK HERE NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY FROM QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER,  I NOW DRILL MADAM WELLA IN ZA OTHER ROOM TILL SHE CRIES TEARS  OF JOY.