A 36-year-old salesman, Imeh Edeme, on Wednesday appeared in an Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court for over alleged thefts of table water and sachet water worth N250,000. The police charged Edeme, with conspiracy and theft, but he pleaded not guilty. The Prosecution Counsel, ASP Benson Emuerhi, told the court that the defendant and other persons at large, committed the offence sometime in March, at about 9 p.m at No. 41, Popoola St., Mafoluku, Oshodi, Lagos State. Emuerhi alleged that the defendant stole the packs of table water and bags of sachet water worth N250,000 from the goods given to him to supply to customers property of Hassalam Ventures. He said the offence contravened the provisions of sections 411 and 287 of the Criminal Laws of Lagos State, 2015. Section 287 stipulates seven-year jail term for the offender. Chief Magistrate J.A. Adegun admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N100,000 with one surety in like sum. Adegun adjourned the case until Sept. 30, for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP Hails Fresh US Visa Ban On Nigerian Election Riggers The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has commended the United States government over its fresh imposition of Visa ban on those undermining Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. I Never Asked Military To Return Seized Weapons ― Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he never asked the military to return the weapons recovered from the repentant youths. stealing water Nigerian Law School Admits 1,785 Candidates To Bar A total of 1,785 candidates were on Tuesday called to the Nigerian Bar, having passed the January 2020 Bar final examinations conducted by the Nigerian Law School under the supervision of the Council of Legal Education. Imported Poultry Foods Now Infected With COVID-19 ― Customs The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has put its officers stationed at all border points, airports and seaports on red alert, warning them to be extra vigilant over the importation of poultry products because some have been found to contain Covid-19. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com