A 45-year-old businessman, Andrew Oteri, on Thursday appeared in an Okitipupa Chief Magistrates’ Court in Ondo State for allegedly setting his wife’s property on fire over infidelity. The police charged Oteri, whose address was not given, with two counts of felony and malicious damage. The Prosecution Counsel, Insp. Ayodeji Omoyeigha told the court that the defendant on July 6 at 8 p.m at No 22, Pamal Street, Igbodigo, Okitipupa in Okitipupa magisterial district, committed a felony with malicious damage. Omoyeigha alleged that the defendant burnt his wife, Moyinoluwa’s bed, mattress, four big coolers, clothing and shoes, all worth N236,000. He said that the defendant committed offence contrary to and punishable under the provisions of sections 411, 412 and 451, Criminal Code, Cap.37, Vol.1, Laws of Ondo State 2006. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty. Chief Magistrate Mosunmola Ikujuni admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N500,000 with one surety in like sum. Ikujuni ordered that the surety must present evidence of one-year tax clearance. She adjourned the case until Sept. 30 for further hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. setting wife’s property on fire Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… setting wife’s property on fire SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com