The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) in the South West (Zone D) has promised to continue the agitation for the emancipation and upliftment of students in the zone. The Secretary-General of NANS in the zone, Giwa Yisa Temitope in a statement made available to Tribune Online on Thursday said the group is poised for the growth and development of Nigerian Students by constantly engaging policies and programmes of government. ALSO READ: Deregulation: PPPRA, PEF will no longer exist ― Petroleum Minister Giwa who announced the appointment of Ajayi Tolulope, a student of the political science department of the Federal University Oye-Ekiti(FUOYE) as his Director of Sports expressed hope that the new officer would discharge his duties effectively. According to him, ” Your appointment into this position of trust and confidence was made upon a careful assessment of your competence, track record of performance, dedication to duty, vast experience in struggle, patriotic disposition and expressed loyalty. I believe that you will employ these qualities towards ensuring effective discharge of your assigned duties. ” As we move towards ensuring liberation and emancipation of Nigerian students, it is my sincere hope that you will contribute your quota towards the effective representation of student, most especially in our dear zone.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE What I Told Trump About Christian Massacre Allegation ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed his response to President Donald Trump over the American leader’s allegation that the Nigerian government was slaughtering Christians, telling him that the problem between cattle testers and farmers was a cultural thing rather than ethnicity or religion… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tribune Online Admission Guide for 2020/21 academic  session for confirmed,  standard secondary schools in Nigeria:Seed of Life College, Ibadan, is an international private school noted for academic excellence and moral uprightness in the country. For details check. www.seedoflifeschools.com