President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the Nigerian Army to work with the police to flush out bandits from forests around the country, particularly in the areas that witnessed recent attacks. According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Friday, the president gave the directive in response to the killing of 22 people in Sokoto State whose community was attacked by armed bandits as well as the reported killing of 10 others in Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau State. The statement informed that in a quick response, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, has already got in touch with the General Officers Commanding the army formations in the affected states, directing them to reinforce the police efforts to track the bandits and bring them to justice. It said Buhari also commiserated with the governments and people of the two states, assuring Governors Aminu Tambuwal and Simon Lalong of the Federal Government’s support in bringing an end to the spate of attacks in the regions. He prayed that Allah would comfort those who lost beloved family members and friends in the attacks.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story