The Bishop of Egba Diocese (Anglican Communion), Right Reverend Emmanuel Adekunle, has advised residents of Ogun State to abide by the Federal Government’s stay-at-home order as part of measures to contain the spread of coronavirus in the state. Adekunle, while speaking to Churchnews on Friday, said the pandemic could only be checked if the  citizenry adhered to instructions to maintain social distancing and personal hygiene. The cleric said the diocese had directed all parishes to provide palliatives for their members, including the aged, vulnerable and widows, in order to mitigate effects of the sit-at-home. He added that the diocese itself would be distributing 1,500 relief packages, consisting of food items and sachet water in the first phase to complement the effort of the parishes. The bishop said two committees—the Aged and Vulnerable Ministry and the Egba Diocesan Medical Advisory Board—were co-opted for an hitch-free exercise. “It is imperative that we all abide by the order of both the federal and state governments to stay at home for the next 14 days to combat this disease. “The disease is not a respecter of any age or status. We must maintain social distancing and improve on our personal hygiene to stay alive,” he added.  COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: We Can’t Be Caged For Nothing, Adamawa Residents Cry Out On the second day of the 14 days lockdown of Adamawa announced by the state government to curtail the spread of COVID-19  in the state, the people of the state have started to complain about the stay at home order without palliatives to ease the problems associated with it… Read full story As The World Battles COVID-19, Nigerians Confront COVIK 4-1-9 Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden… Read full article Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE