The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Friday said that monetary contributions to its relief fund under the auspices of Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) had risen to N25.8 billion. CBN Director of Corporate Communications, Isaac Okoroafor, said in a statement in Lagos that the donations were from 107 donors, including individuals, banks and other corporate bodies. “The coalition hereby conveys its gratitude to all the institutions and individuals that have generously donated to this fund. “We urge others to consider contributing to this national solidarity to provide not only medical equipment and materials but also to render urgently needed palliatives to the poor and vulnerable segments of our society. “We hereby restate our commitment to full disclosure and accountability for all donations made,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story