President, Nigerian Baptist Convention (NBC), Reverend Olasupo Ayokunle, has commended the Federal Government and state governments for their efforts in containing the spread of COVID-19 in the country. Ayokunle gave this commendation on Monday when he led other members of the Baptist church to Oyo State Secretariat, Ibadan, to donate COVID-19 relief materials to the state government. Speaking, Ayokunle, who doubles as President, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), said he was particularly impressed that in spite of COVID-19 being a novel virus, government at various levels had shown proactiveness in curbing a spread of the virus. “This is a virus that nobody is an expert on because it’s a new virus. So their efforts to contain it is commendable. “Even the Secretary-General of the United Nations has commended the Nigerian government for the way the pandemic has been handled, noting that some developed nations of the world didn’t show this proactiveness of the Nigerian government. “So kudos to the government both at the federal and state levels,” Ayokunle said. While handing over various food items, Ayokunle called on churches and their leaders to also embark on charitable gestures so as to alleviate the suffering of those vulnerable who are forced to remain indoors as a result of lockdown imposed by the government. “No little gesture is too small at a time like this. We did this to provoke all churches especially denominations to rise up and show mercy because this is one of the main reasons for the existence of the church in any part of the world. “We rejoice with those who are rejoicing; we weep with those who are weeping. Some people cannot access their businesses and live on what they are able to make daily and they can’t go out because there is death outside. “So, we need to understand this and all the churches need to help the government in getting these materials to them,” Ayokunle said. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NGO donates cash worth N1m to vulnerable widows, women in Kogi Receiving the items, Executive Adviser to Governor Seyi Makinde on Agribusiness, Mr Debo Akande, assured that the state government will regularly give an account of donations received and those to whom they are distributed. He highlighted the importance of every little donation to the state government, demanding other religious bodies to follow suit. In the same vein, the Ekefa Olubadan of Ibadan land, Chief Lekan Alabi has praised federal and state governments for taking appropriate actions to contain the spread of COVID-19 in the country. Speaking with journalists in Ibadan, Alabi particularly praised philanthropists, kindhearted citizens, well-meaning organisations, corporate bodies for their various donations to help federal and state governments curb the spread of COVID-19. While asking for more donations, Alabi said it was noteworthy that Ibadan businessman, Chief Bode Akindele donated a total of N100 million to federal and state governments to support their efforts to curb the virus in the country. Alabi explained that Akindele, through his conglomerate, on April 4, donated N50 million to the federal government and N25 million each to the Lagos and Oyo State governments. He quoted Akindele as saying that the gesture was to boost governments’ efforts to curb the spread of COVID-19 and bring relief to Nigerians who are getting starved of food and other essentials due to the lockdown. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE