The Oyo State Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Bayo Titilola-Sodo, has commended the medical and health professionals for their dedication to service in curtailing COVID-19. He said this in a statement issued by the state NLC secretary, Comrade Ibrahim Muhammed, and made available to journalist on Thursday. According to him, the health workers have been the frontline soldiers fighting against the invidious virus since the outbreak of COVID-19 in Nigeria. Titilola-Sodo, who is also the state president of Nigeria Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE), in his statement wished Mr Seyi Makinde and others in the state quick recovery. He further commended the state government on the dusk to dawn curfew from 7 pm to 6 am which he said will go a long way in curtailing the spread of the deadly virus. While he also enjoined Governor Seyi Makinde, to continue to comply with all the directives from COVID-19 taskforce and that of World Health Organisation (WHO) in order to ensure quick recovery from the infection. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: I have no negotiation to be anyone’s running mate ― Adetula Comrade Titilola-Sodo, also commended Makinde’s commitment towards the prompt payment of workers salary as well as the welfare of the workers and citizens of the state. He thereafter described the appointment of former Chief Medical Director (CMD) of University College Hospital (UCH) Prof Temitope Alonge, as the head of COVID-19 taskforce, as a welcome development. Comrade Titilola-Sodo, also charged the entire workers in both public and private sectors to always maintain social distance and stay at home as much as possible as directed by medical personnel The NLC boss finally prays for quick eradication of the virus from Nigeria and the world at large. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story