The three-year-old marriage between one Kafayat Aliyu and her husband, Kamorudeen, has been dissolved by an Idi-Ogungun Customary Court in Ibadan, Oyo State on the grounds of irresponsibility by the latter. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Kafayat, a trader, who lives at Beyeruka area of Ibadan, told the court that she never experienced peace of mind nor enjoy their union. “The problem started the very moment I got pregnant for him. He didn’t contribute a kobo towards my care and that of the pregnancy from the time I took in till I put to bed. “Our child is now two years old, but he has contributed nothing towards his welfare. My family members and I have been the one taking care of our son. “My husband cares less about our welfare,” she said. According to her, Kamorudeen was always claiming not to have money. “He always says he doesn’t make enough sales from his meat business. This has been his usual excuse. “He has also beaten me to a pulp a number of times. “One day, he took away all the electronic appliances in the house. He also took my gold chain and earrings as well as my N8, 000 without explaining what he did with them,” she said. Kamorudeen, 35, a resident of Adeoyo area of Ibadan, however, denied beating his wife. “When I married her, things were going on well, but now, things have changed due to the downturn of the economy. “As a result of this, I give her money once in a while. “She would always complain that what I gave her was too small which gets me angry,” he said. He also denied packing valuables out of the home and taking her money. Having heard from both parties, the court president, Chief M. B. Balogun, concluded that Kamorudeen was not ready to take up his responsibilities as husband and father. He, therefore, dissolved their marriage and ordered the defendant to be paying N5,000 as monthly upkeep allowance for the child. In addition, he was ordered to be responsible for the payment of the child’s school fees.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story