The Enugu State Government has expressed its deepest condolences to the family of late Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu. In a statement by the State Commissioner for Information, Chidi Aroh, on Sunday, the state government also condoled with the entire medical community and the people of Oji River Local Government Area of the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: FG’s first batch of medical supplies arrives from Turkey onboard Air Peace Aroh stated that the state government was deeply saddened by the demise of Prof. Ugochukwu “who passed on Friday, 3rd April 2020, after a long battle with chronic kidney disease as already announced by his family”. The Information Commissioner added that “the Enugu State Government is very proud of the various contributions made by Professor Anthony Ugochukwu in the different capacities he had served the state, particularly as Commissioner for Health, until December 2019 when he was kept out of duty due to this health challenge”. The state government, therefore, beseeched God to grant his soul eternal rest and also “grant us all the fortitude to bear this great loss.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE