In response to reports on the sudden appearance of dead fishes along the shorelines of Bayelsa, Delta and Rivers States, the National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA) has ruled out oil spillage as the cause of the deaths, adding that it is awaiting results of the analyses on samples of fish. In a release signed by Idris Musa, Director General/Chief Executive of NOSDRA, the agency of the Ministry of Environment said it has carried out a reconnaissance of the area in Delta State where it first got the report through a member of a non-governmental organisation. According to Musa, “There was no incidence of oil spill within the area of reported dead fishes notwithstanding that a few dead fishes were seen along the shoreline. “The event of recent days where the death of fishes in large numbers occurred, made it expedient to look beyond oil spillage as the likely cause of the death of fishes in such number. The Agency proceeded to collect sample of water, sediments and some of the dead fishes for laboratory testing. In doing so, the Agency brought on board other relevant Agencies of Government that equally have mandates on our territorial waters particularly, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Nigerian Institute of Oceanography and Marine Research (NIOMR), the Federal Institute of fisheries Research and National Environmental Standards and Regulations Enforcement Agency (NESREA) for an all hands on deck assessment of the possible cause(s) of the death of the fishes in such large numbers.” The NOSDRA boss added that, “Currently, the analyses are being carr1ed out and our findings will be jointly considered by these relevant stakeholders to enable an appropriate solution as well as put in place more stringent regulations in the future. Concluding Musa stated that “It is equally important to reiterate that, avoidance of serious incidents like this, accounts for why there is a limitation to the use of chemical dispersants regulat1on that prescribes the conditions and where such could be used in our water bodies.”    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Buhari, Presidential Task Force On Coronavirus Hold Meeting On Lockdown, Others
The Presidential Task Force on the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) has met behind closed doors with President Muhammadu Buhari to discuss the next step of the efforts to contain the pandemic. The lockdown imposed by the president on the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Lagos and Ogun states lapsed on Sunday… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Kano’s Curious Deaths
BETWEEN a harvest of contagious, high and low calibre corpses in Kano and government distributing colon cancer as palliative for COVID-19, which is deadlier? In less than 12 hours, Kano buried 12 prominent persons – professors, bankers, editor – and it’s the government still says everything is normal. Someone said Kano… Read full story Kaduna Govt Quarantines All Residents For Another 30 Days
Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state has extended the quarantine orders being enforced in the state for another 30 days, following the recommendation of the Standing Committee on COVID-19. A statement issued by the Special Adviser on Media and Communication, Mr Muyiwa Adekeye on Sunday, said that the extension… Read full story COVID-19: Reps To Resume Plenary Session Tuesday
The House of Representatives is to resume plenary session on Tuesday. This was contained in a memo dated April 26 this year and signed by the Clerk to the House of Representatives, Mr Patrick Giwa. According to the memo, “This is to inform all members of the House of Representatives that the House will now resume plenary… Read full story Things That Won’t Change Post Covid-19 (Part 2)
Continuing from where I clogged last week, I want to reiterate and retell that each time there is a major shift across the planet earth; we always camp around things that change, focusing on new skills and new behaviors—at the expense of things that do not change, no matter what happens in the midst of the earth… Read full story Leading With Presence -1
When Amy Cuddy, psychologist and teacher at the Harvard University School of Business released her book “PRESENCE” in 2016, it became an instant New York Times bestseller and has since been translated into over thirty languages. In it, Amy advanced some principles on the power of presence in leadership… Read full story COVID-19: US Company Begins Sale Of Face Masks Made From Skin Of Alligators, Snakes
If you’re looking for something special and have money to burn, you can try a mask made out of alligator or snake skin produced by an American company.All American Gator, a Florida-based company specialising in products made out of alligator and snake skin, has started selling special COVID-19 face masks made from reptile skin… Read full story Councillor Shot Dead As Gunmen Abduct Commissioner In Ekiti
Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have abducted the Ekiti State Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Folorunsho Daramola. Tribune Online gathered that the gunmen ambushed the commissioner who was travelling from Ado-Ekiti, the state capital, to his home town in Iye-Ekiti, Ilejemeje Local Government Area of the… Read full story COVID-19: Suspected Patient Absconds From Ondo Hospital
A suspected patient of COVID -19 allegedly absconded from the University of Medical Sciences Teaching Hospital Complex (UNIMEDTHC), Ondo in Ondo West Local Government Area of Ondo State. The 26-year-old patient identified as Ehibhanre Hansen was said to have bolted away from the hospital after being attended… Read full story Ibadan Hospital Complying With NCDC Protocols For Reopening ― Chief Consultant CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!