A businessman, Azeez Ogunsola, recently prayed a Customary Court in Ile-Tuntun, Ibadan, Oyo State to dissolve his 20-year-old union with his wife, Atinuke, whom he called “a serial thief”. In his petition, Azeez said that he could no longer bear the shame which his wife had continually brought on him. According to The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Azeez told the court the humiliation by neighbours and landlords’ association as a result of his wife’s habitual stealing had overwhelmed him. “When Atinuke’s stealing first started, I did not take it too serious until she graduated into a huge embarrassment for me. “Three months ago, I received many phone calls in my office on how my wife was selling neighbours’ domestic animals such as goats. “People whose goats were missing in the community have traced it to her selling them in collaboration with her accomplices. “Before I knew it, the landlords’ association had ordered my entire family to immediately leave the community or else, they might get me arrested. “While I was looking for money to pay for the stolen goat, Atinuke was again engulfed in an allegation of stealing mobile phones from a mosque in the area. “She was in an argument with her partner in crime on how to collect her share before she was caught. “Besides, Atinuke usually gives me dirty slaps if I dared complain or threatened to marry another wife due to her bad attitudes. “In fact, she smashed food plate on my head the last time. “I don’t want her to continue to destroy my reputation, please, separate us, “Azeez begged. However, the respondent opposed the claims and prayed the court not to put an end to her union. Atinuke who earned her living as a chemist submitted that she truly stole neighbour’s goats. “Azeez is right with the issue of goats and I have promised to change, but I didn’t steal any mobile phone. “I don’t know why I am stealing, I have been trying to resolve it spiritually,” Atinuke said. After listening to both parties, the court president, Chief Henry Agbaje, appealed to the petitioner to exercise more patience and adjourned the case.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE