SINCE the foundation of institutions of higher learning in Nigeria, the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has been playing sincere, patriotic and reassuring roles for the growth, development and progress of our educational system generally. These most unique efforts and trials ought to reflect on the overall activities, policies and programmes of our government at all levels and their ultimate sovereign, the people. Nonetheless, despite ASUU’s efforts for the good of the our nation-state, it appeas our government is awfully hard of hearing, because to those in power, politics is not a call to service! A Yoruba aphorism says: If you do not know where you are going, you should be able to retrace your journey to where you took off. However, before my admonition to ASUU, I must be frank in saying that the IPPIS initiated by the Federal Government to pay the workers in the university is a most unique and admirable strategy to confront the glorious but the eternal demeaning virtue in Nigeria-corruption. ASUU may not be a party to this oddity, but the Federal Government should be allowed to perform its experiment. If ASUU should conduct a plebiscite on this new policy, the result, I am sure, will be supported by over 90 per cent of its members. There is as yet no basis on this policy to crucify the Federal Government over this policy.  In a write-up on the deposed Emir of Kano titled “The North banishes reason, courage and wisdom”, I say, inter alia, that one of the legacies bequeathed to Nigeria by the colonial masters is an education system which enables Nigerians to read and write only. The system does not make us to be educated, that is, a product of the schools of man and nature— a man whose thoughts, words and deeds are a Pride to God and humanity and to his society. Hence, ASUU and universities and other higher institutions of learning that are the pre-eminent elite of the society, in consultation with the Federal Ministry of Education, should review our educational system i. Any educational system which does not include self-knowledge is a futile enterprise. ASUU members will have observed that the forces and authorities they are negotiating with, and with too little achieved so far, cannot be held to ransom. It is the nature of education that the Nigerian society offers them. The Hindu psychologists regard such people as conditioned souls. For acute lack of self-knowledge, they are subject to errors and mistakes. The Yoruba describe them as akogun-jalu i.e, people who, for lack of wisdom, always plunge their society into the massive, unnecessary conflicts and wars and misdevelopment in all ramifications. At this point, my admonition is to call and humbly request that ASUU and the government urgently embark on a  review of our educational system, policies and programmes to halt and save Nigeria from doom!  Nigeria needs liberated souls to lead and save us! Sri Romatherio says: Whatever thou resolve to do, do it quickly. Defer not till evening what the morning may accomplish. Odekanyin writes in from Oyo NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article