A commercial bank on Thursday in Abuja failed to present to the Kogi State Election Petition Tribunal a document relating to the disengagement of the deputy governor of Kogi State, Edward Onoja, when he was a staff of the bank. The tribunal, led by Justice Kashim Kaigama, had subpoenaed the bank, Guaranty Trust Bank Plc to appear before it with Onoja’s record including the document relating to his exit from the bank. The governorship candidate of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Mrs Natasha Akpoti, had dragged the All Progressives Congress (APC), Governor Yahaya Bello, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), and Onoja before the tribunal, alleging irregularities in the November 16, 2019 governorship election in the state. As part of her contentions in the petition, she alleged that Onoja ought not to have been allowed to contest the election on the ground that he falsified his age and was also disengaged from the bank over allegation of fraud. However, when a staff of the bank, Mr Abayomi Sanni, was called to the witness box, he presented other records of Onoja as a staff of the bank, but failed to show to the tribunal the document that had to do with his exit. Akpoti had alleged conspiracy between the bank and the deputy governor over the failure of the bank to present the document. Akpoti’s counsel, Ola Olanipekun (SAN), in anger said, “GTB did not come with the evidence relating to how the deputy governor was disengaged from the bank. “The argument before this tribunal is that Onoja was sacked from the GTB. “The bank and this staff did not come forth with document required in this matter; they did not say they don’t have it. They were subpoenaed to bring the documents of the disengagement,” he said. Also, on Thursday at the tribunal, a witness from the Rivers State Judiciary, Alison Tamunosagogo, was called to give evidence on the age declaration by the deputy governor. According to the document before the tribunal, Onoja was said to have had in his record at the bank that he was born on August 9, 1974 but in his INEC form ECF001, he said he was born on August 9, 1975. Alison, a bailiff from Rivers State High Court could not give evidence in the document, as counsel to INEC, Dr Alex Iziyon (SAN), raised objection, saying that the witness’ evidence was been given outside the subpoena which is based on age declaration only. Olanipekun on his part insisted that the witness should be allowed to proceed with his testimony. The tribunal has adjourned further sitting to April 20, 2020. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Anal Sex Predisposes To Cancer, HIV Infection, Others —Experts Anal sex has been described as a prevalent practice, which consistently occurs between young couples and adolescents. According to the Centre for Disease Control “anal sex is primarily growing in popularity with couples under age 45.” Also, a national survey reportedly revealed that 36 per cent of women and 44 per cent of… Read full story Coronavirus Could Be Spreading Through Farts, Says Doctor • Experts still in doubts An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports… Read full story COVID-19: Gbajabiamila Leading A Divided House —Gbillah A former deputy chairman, House Committee on Petroleum Resources (Upstream) in the eighth National Assembly and a two-term member of the House, Honourable Mark Gbillah, in this by KEHINDE AKINTOLA, speaks on the leadership style of Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, among other issues… Read full story Covid-19: NPA Defines Port Charges Waiver, Issues Terms And Conditions FOLLOWING the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic and outcry by clearing agents that terminal operators are refusing to comply with demurrage and storage waivers as directed by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), the NPA in a second letter to the terminal operators, have defined the terms of reference as regards which port charges should be waived. EDITORIAL: NNPC Boss On Refineries LAST week, the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, declared that the corporation would soon relieve itself of the responsibility of managing the country’s refineries after the ongoing rehabilitation. According to the NNPC boss, the four refineries… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (4) IN the last few weeks, I have discussed how the British colonial Masters gradually increased their control and influence over what was later called Southern Protectorate and Northern protectorate by assaulting and destroying our traditional heritage. One of the strategies was the dethronement and banishing of… Read full story Coronavirus Fallout Affects Family Planning, Women’s Health Rights The global epidemic of COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on a wide array of health, economic, social and personal decisions. With many cities on lockdown and businesses and schools shutting their doors, the COVID-19 virus is dramatically changing everyday life for people across the country, including those seeking… Read full story Of Improved Medical Care, Palliatives OBVIOUSLY, Covid-19 pandemic will change the way the world does things. One can only hope Nigeria is not left behind in the mantra of catering for citizens beyond what successive governments had rendered in terms of prompt response to emergency situations and distribution of relief materials when it matters most… Read full story Coronavirus: What Heart Patients Need To Know? People with heart disease and other underlying health conditions are at high risk of becoming seriously ill if they develop COVID-19. Now, experts warn that COVID-19 could even worsen an underlying heart conditions… Read full story COVID-19: Use Only Herbs Approved By NAFDAC, Virologists Warn A virologist, Professor Sunday Omilabu, has said that although lots of local herbs are promising for treating COVID-19, Nigerians should still be cautious to take only local herbs and herbal products licensed by National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control… Read full story Are Finger Condoms Beneficial? Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl… Read full story Are The Detained Caverton Pilots Victims Of Power Tussle? LIKE joke, like joke, the two pilots of Caverton Helicopters have continued to be detained no thanks to the controversial order issued to effect their arrest and detention by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike… Read full story 