The Federal Government of Nigeria has disclosed that Nigeria is not to benefit from the recent International Monetary Fund (IMF) debt relief for 25 countries. In a statement released in Abuja late on Wednesday, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning stated: “It is true that Nigeria is not a beneficiary of the recent IMF debt relief for 25 countries.” “This is because, as stated in the IMF Executive Board statement, the relief ‘provides grants to our poorest and most vulnerable members to cover their IMF debt obligations for an initial phase over the next six months…” ALSO READ: Bukola Olopade, ex-Ogun Sports Commissioner, praises Nigerian doctors after discharge from isolation centre in Lagos In the statement by her Special Adviser, Media & Communications, Yunusa Tanko Abdullahi, since Nigeria was not indebted to the IMF, there is no outstanding debt obligation to be forgiven. Ahmed disclosed that Nigeria’s application for new IMF financing is under consideration and receiving attention. The new application is for financing under the Rapid Financing Initiative (RFI). It is a loan to be paid back. It is not an IMF program. Nigeria is entitled to access up to 100% of its quota under the RFI. She, speaking on the current financial position of the country with the IMF, said: “Nigeria’s current financial position at the IMF is public information on IMF website.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Anal Sex Predisposes To Cancer, HIV Infection, Others —Experts Anal sex has been described as a prevalent practice, which consistently occurs between young couples and adolescents. According to the Centre for Disease Control “anal sex is primarily growing in popularity with couples under age 45.” Also, a national survey reportedly revealed that 36 per cent of women and 44 per cent of… Read full story Coronavirus Could Be Spreading Through Farts, Says Doctor • Experts still in doubts An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports… Read full story COVID-19: Gbajabiamila Leading A Divided House —Gbillah A former deputy chairman, House Committee on Petroleum Resources (Upstream) in the eighth National Assembly and a two-term member of the House, Honourable Mark Gbillah, in this by KEHINDE AKINTOLA, speaks on the leadership style of Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, among other issues… Read full story