This year’s Africa Energy Forum (AEF) has been rescheduled to take place in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Previously due to take place in July, the event will now hold from October 20-22, 2020. the move comes in the interests of all attendees’ safety after monitoring the COVID-19 situation and its impact on global economies. In a statement released on Thursday by the firm’s Head of Marketing, Amy Offord, the event will hold from 20-22 October, 2020 at Rai, Hall 8, Amsterdam, The etherlands. The Forum, organised by EnergyNet, brings together decision-makers in Africa’s energy sector to form partnerships, identify opportunities and collectively move the industry forward. EnergyNet’s Managing Director, Simon Gosling commented on the move; “This decision has not been taken lightly and we hope clients will recognise this opportunity to fast-track their business development after a significant period of disruption. We’ve chosen Amsterdam for a number of reasons – most importantly its exceptionally resilient economy and $42 billion investment fund being deployed across the continent to support energy transition goals. The Netherlands played host to the very first aef back in 1999 and continues to play an exceptional role in the development finance space with FMO being a significant and highly regarded player. Despite challenging times we’ve continued to receive registrations and high-level speakers, so are confident this postponement will be timely and continue to focus heavily on project development objectives.” In line with the SDG7 goal “access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all,” AEF will host a stream dedicated to unpacking Africa’s role in achieving SDG7, debating how the continent can meet energy demands in light of global sustainability goals. Between now and October, EnergyNet will host a series of webinars and other online content focusing on strategic energy programmes such as the REIPPPP resurgence in South Africa. The purpose will be to define the direction energy programmes are taking so clients can prepare strategies to be among the preferred bidders by the Africa Energy Forum dates in October. Gosling added; “One thing that hasn’t changed and never will is our commitment to the sector. We’re every bit as passionate about delivering the outstanding networking experience our delegates have come to expect, and driving the sector forward – even at such a challenging time.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story Ogun Discharges Three Coronavirus Patients Three coronavirus patients have been discharged by the Ogun State government from one of its isolation centres between Wednesday and Thursday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story 