Both wife and daughter of Baba Aso of Igbole in Ibarapa Central Local Government Area of Oyo State, Reverend Olusanjo Ojo have been kidnapped. The duo was kidnapped on Monday, minutes past 8 pm, while returning home from Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology, Igboora where Funbi, wife of the monarch, works as matron of the college’s health facility. The monarch’s daughter, who is a trained nurse, works alongside her mother at the college’s health facility. So far, the kidnappers are yet to make contact with the Olusanjo Ojo family. ALSO READ: Lockdown: SMEs will be worst hit, experts warn Some residents of Igboora who spoke on the incident alleged that herdsmen around the area may have been behind the abduction. Oyo Police Public Relations Officer, Gbenga Fadeyi, who confirmed the incident, said police in Ibarapa zone was working alongside tactical teams, community leaders, a vigilante in the area to secure the release of the kidnapped persons. He said the police does not have information that those behind the kidnap were herdsmen. “Late in the night, yesterday, she was abducted in Igbole, Igbo-ora, after the lockdown. The information came later and our men have been deployed to the area for possible recovery and reuniting them with family members. “The police in that axis, the tactical teams are working with other stakeholders, community leaders, a vigilante in that axis to be able to secure her release. Efforts have been intensified to secure their release and we will give further information,” Fadeyi said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story