The Nigerian Union of Pensioners (NUP) said the pensioners are the most vulnerable in the society to benefit from the palliative and relief materials being distributed to vulnerable Nigerians to alleviate their suffering as a result of COVID-19 lockdown across the country. The NUP emphasized that the pensioners should be number one beneficiaries of any palliative by the government, if truly the effort was targeted at the vulnerable in the society; because they are the most vulnerable to COVID-19 pandemic due to old age. According to the General Secretary of the NUP, Elder Actor Zal, the lockdown and movement restriction would affect the elderly, who are mostly pensioners. He, therefore, advised President Buhari to, through the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, include the pensioners as the government begins the distribution to the most vulnerable. To ensure that the palliatives get to the real pensioners, the general secretary advised the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, to liaise with the National Secretariat of the NUP, in Abuja for proper identification through her state and local government offices. The general secretary said: “The Nigeria union of pensioners (NUP) national headquarters has made a passionate appeal to the Federal Government to include Nigerian pensioners as beneficiaries in the palliatives to the vulnerable Nigerians, to cushion the effects of the lockdown as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic on the pensioners.” The union noted that, “pensioners are one  of the most vulnerable in the country and therefore appealed to the presidential Task Force on COVID-19 to liaise with the union on how to get the palliative distribution to the real pensioners in all the nooks and crannies of the country.” The statement noted that the union has wide spread membership and the required structure in all the 36 states of the federation and the FCT, Abuja, as well as in all the 774 local governments in Nigeria. “Therefore, the union is well entrenched to ensure the distribution of the palliatives to their members at the grassroots with limited hitch.” the statement added. The union said it has also written to the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha and the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Socio Development, Hajia Sadiya Umar Faruk, on the imperative of including the pensioners in the palliative.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article