National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives, Anambra State Council, has called on its members to uphold the best ethical standards and professionalism in handling issues arising from the ongoing COVID-19. The State Chairman of the Association, Comrade Edith Onwuka made the called yesterday while speaking to newsmen in Awka, the Anambra State. The Chairman who was flanked by the Secretary, Comrade Chidimma Okoye and other members emphasised the need for those with symptoms such as fever, cough, sneezing, difficulty in breathing, body weakness, among others, to self-isolate and contact the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and visit designated health facilities for prompt management. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Restructure all debt service payments, suspend deductions, governors tell FG, CBN She called for the provision of protective equipment and other incentives for health workers, to enable them to provide quality services this period. She also urged nurses to adhere strictly to standard precautionary measures such as the use of personal protective equipment, recalling that some Nurses and Midwives had paid supreme sacrifices while providing healthcare services during a similar pandemic in the past. Comrade Onwuka, again, called on members to redouble their efforts at saving lives as the world is in dire need of services of professional Nurses and Midwives, noting that the COVID-19 pandemic is coming at the time the World Health Organisation, (WHO), had declared 2020 as the year of Nurse and Midwife. She equally called on government and the public to ensure full compliance with preventive measures outlined by relevant agencies to avoid overstressing available healthcare system, adding that engaging more skilled professionals for assistance in healthcare service delivery has become imperative. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed
National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN
Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story