Governor Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State has ordered the lock down of the state capital following report of additional two positive cases of the virus in the state capital. He said the indefinite lockdown will commence from Tuesday, April 21, 2020 by 7am after the state government must have paid the April salary. According to the governor, the total cases of people who are tested positive in the state are now 12. He gave the order on Sunday while briefing journalists on the latest development on the pandemic in the state. “The break down now is we have two in Katsina, one in Dutsi-ma and the rest in Daura Local Government. “In line with what we have been doing since the outbreak of this disease, by way of locking down any city, town or local government, we now have two confirmed cases of the virus. “Thus, we discussed and agreed by 7, o’clock Tuesday morning there will be total stay at home in Katsina LGA entirely.” He also disclosed that other essential services including banking, Health care sales and services as well as selected food vendors will be allowed to operate.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story