An officer of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Mr Victor Fayemi, on Friday cheated death when he was fatally knocked down by a Volkswagen Golf commercial driver, escaping arrest along Gwarinpa/Kado road area of Abuja. He was knocked down unconscious and had to be rushed to Maitama District Hospital where he was promptly attended to. Ekunola Gbenga, Media Assistant to the Commandant General of NSCDC, who confirmed the development in Abuja, said after specialized medical treatment at Maitama District Hospital, he was moved into a private hospital where he is currently receiving further treatment. Fayemi, Assistant superintendent of Corps, attached to Federal Capital Territory, was hit by the commercial driver who was trying to evading arrest by the security officers on duty as he defied coronavirus (COVID-19) lockdown measures put in place by the Federal Government. ALSO READ: Locking down people without palliative measures will aggravate suffering ― Bauchi gov Bala Mohammed Security agencies comprising, NSCDC Officers mounted roadblocks in Gwarinpa/Kado road in an attempt to prevent the taxi’s from operating. While the officer tried to stop the driver for questioning, he allegedly ran over the NSCDC Officer. The driver was later arrested by the Joint Task Team (JTF), both the driver and the vehicle were taken into the custody of Nigeria Police for further investigation and prosecution. Meanwhile, the Commandant General, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps Abdullahi Gana Muhammadu said; the behaviour of the driver was unacceptable in the eyes of law enforcement. He warned against people not to attempt to evade arrest under any circumstances, especially at this critical period when the world is facing the challenge of COVID 19. He said the government needs the support and cooperation of all stakeholders in order to win the war against coronavirus.  COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE