A former vice chairman of Epe Local Government Area of Lagos State and an aspirant for the state House of Assembly in the 2019 election, Comrade Kenny Kadri-Edu, has lauded Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu for being proactive in this period of COVID-19 outbreak. Kadri-Edu, speaking with newsmen during the distribution of garri on behalf of Governor Sanwo-Olu to some people in Epe, in addition to the various stimulus packages by the governor, said the stride by the governor was laudable. She said: “Governor Sanwo-Olu’s proactive nature has really helped to curtail the spread of this pandemic to a large extent, considering our population in Lagos state, and as the entry point and business hub of the nation. “COVID-19 is a war without gun and you dare not complain of hunger at the warfront. We should rather pray to see the end of the war. “I enjoin our women and the teaming youth to please continue to abide by all the rules and the containment strategies set up by the state against the spread of the virus.”    NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story