The Federal Government has applied for a cumulative loan of about $7 billion to mitigate effects of COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic. Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed who spoke at a press conference in Abuja on Monday also disclosed that about 506 trucks of rice seized by Nigerian Customs Service will be released to the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs to distribute to vulnerable members of society. ALSO READ: COVID-19: 84,000 beneficiaries from 15 LGAs in Kano to receive N20,000 In addition, FG is withdrawing $1.5 billion from the Stabilization Fund of Nigeria Sovereign Wealth Fund to be shared among states. Interest and capital repayment by states on CBN loans will be suspended once inflows into Federation Account drops below a particular threshold. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview