Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta state has announced the death of a patient suspected to have contracted coronavirus in the state. According to a statement on Thursday night by his Chief Press Secretary, Olisa Ifeajika, the case, which was the second after the first confirmed on Tuesday, was awaiting the outcome of the test conducted on it when the patient passed away. He stated that the deceased had underlying health issues and had visited Lagos in the past two weeks, adding that the patient with severe symptoms presented himself late to the hospital. The governor said that the symptoms on the patient included difficulty in breathing, which prompted immediate and necessary attention to him by medical professionals. ALSO READ: Accountant General restores collapsed GIFMIS platform “Shortly after the specimen was taken, he passed away. However, his test results came back positive today (Thursday). “In order to mitigate against the spread of the virus, we are fast-tracking our contact-tracing to ensure that all those that came in contact with the deceased patient are properly isolated and tested immediately,’’ he said. Okowa restated the importance of everyone working, saying “to protect citizens and residents of our state, families and friends of individuals that are exhibiting the primary symptoms of COVID-19, do not keep it from the authorities”. The governor assured that he would continue to keep all Deltans informed of new developments on the pandemic in the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  How Africa Can Mitigate COVID-19 Effects BEFORE the novel Coronavirus pandemic hit the globe, Nigeria spent 42 per cent of her earnings on debt servicing. We have arrived at a new reality today: even if we devote 100 per cent of our income to rebuilding our economy, it still will not be enough… Read full article Our Ongoing Strike Doesn’t Affect Our Involvement In Fight Against COVID-19 —ASUU President We are starting with Ibadan because our members in the zone showed readiness for the project. We were in Jos last week Wednesday and the next place is Maiduguri, to be followed by other parts of the country. Our plan is to launch it at the zonal levels of our union, while the branches key into it… Read full story