The Ogun State government, on Sunday, said the relief materials packaged by it to cushion the effect of the 14 days lockdown order were meant only for the poor and vulnerable ones. In a statement issued by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Kunle Somorin, the state government expressed worry over the manner at which some elements played politics with the gesture. Somorin said the distribution of the packages to households had been greeted with needless misconception by those people whom he said loved playing politics with everything. He noted that some videos being shared on some social media platforms were not the true reflection of what are contained in the packages therein. Somorin said each beneficiary household is expected to collect a bag containing 5kg of rice; 5kg of beans; 5kg of garri; sachets of tomato sauce; sachets of groundnut oil; noodles and pasta and spices. Government, therefore, enjoined the Community Development Associations; Community Development Councils and other stakeholders to cooperate with the government in ensuring a seamless distribution. “The social media has been awashed with many videos and still images alleging that the package being distributed is one bag per street or CDA. This is untrue and deliberately spread in a bad light. “In some of the locations where the alleged one bag per street sharing took place, Ogun State government is yet to commence the distribution of these stimulus packages. “Contrary to the rumour mills and videos making rounds, as our distribution progresses this evening, we wish to reiterate that the underlisted are the contents that come with each package of the stimulus: 5kg of rice; 5kg of beans; 5kg of garri; sachets of tomato sauce; sachets of groundnut oil; noodles and pasta and spices (cubes & others). “The above items in a package are to be distributed to INDIVIDUAL HOUSEHOLDS (NOT STREET), and 100,000 of such households are to be covered in the first tranch of the targeted 500,000 households. “We, however, warn that any person in the relief distribution effort found wanting or corrupting the process will be severely sanctioned. “We also implore all CDAs, CDCs and other stakeholders to cooperate with government officials involved in this relief efforts. Not everybody will be reached. But the poor and the vulnerable are the priority in this circumstance,” the statement added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story