Governors of the 36 states of the country will on Wednesday have a teleconference to X-ray measures taken by the various state governments to curb further spread of coronavirus in the country. The meeting, on the platform of the Nigeria Governors Forum, will also feature discussions on how state governments are ensuring that palliatives are getting to the most vulnerable in their various states. The governors will also look at what assistance President Muhammadu Buhari should be giving to states as they battle the pandemic. The meeting’s focus was contained in statement issued by the Director General of the Forum, Mr Asishana Okauru, on Monday. Presentations will also come from the National Economic Council ad-hoc committee and the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. All eyes will be on governors of Bauchi, Ogun, Lagos and Oyo who are to share their experiences in dealing with the virus in their respective states, at the meeting. According to the statement, Wednesday’s meeting will be the sixth in the series of teleconference held by the governors since the outbreak of COVID-19 in Nigeria.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article