A tanker laden with fuel has caused a fire outbreak after spilling its contents at the Akute-Ajuwon Local Council Development Area of Lagos on Monday. Nigerian Tribune gathered that no fatality or injury was recorded in the incident. The Director of Operations, Lagos State Emergency Management Authority (LASEMA), Engineer Adebayo Akinsanya, said that the 45,000- litre tanker with registration number EPE 908 XA, owned by NNPC, was loaded to capacity with Premium Motor Spirit. Akinsanya explained that the petrol started leaking when its rear-end which bears its contents detached from the head and hit the road. The tanker was said to have developed mechanical failure while trying to ascend a hill along the Alagbole corridor at about 10:05 p.m. Akinsanya noted that officials of emergency agencies swung into action to put out the fire. Akinsanya said: “No injuries nor mortalities were recorded at the scene. “The Lagos and Ogun State Fire Services, Nigerian Police and LASEMA Response Team were all responders at the scene with LASEMA heavy-duty equipment working to secure the vehicle and the entire incident scene,” the director said. ALSO READ: Doctor tests positive for coronavirus after treating infected pregnant woman in Ekiti The director said the agency also recovered a truck with an unknown registration number conveying a 20-feet container that lost control while on the motion. He said the container fell sideways as a result of careless driving leading to a partial traffic obstruction on the road. He also added that though the motor boy sustained injuries, no life was lost in the incident. “Upon arrival at the scene of the incident, it was discovered that a truck conveying 20ft container with unknown registration number suddenly lost control while on motion and fell sideways as a result of over speeding and reckless driving, thereby partially obstructing vehicular activities along the axis. “There was no loss of life. However, the driver’s motor boy sustained minor injuries which have been taken care of,” he said.