A woman in New York, United States, unknowingly infected 17 of her 18 children, including some who were adopted, because she showed no symptoms after contracting the coronavirus and Brittany Jencik of Penfield, near Rochester, said she infected her kids while asymptomatic about five weeks ago, the Daily Mail of UK reported. She eventually became ill from the virus and the children also began showing symptoms. Jencik says the deadly flu-like virus, also known as COVID-19, hit the family ‘like a freight train.’ “It was terrifying. I was a little ahead of them in the timing of it all,” the mother said. “I was as afraid of my life as I had ever been, and not much scares me,” she added. It was not clear how Jencik herself was infected. Jencik says that for a couple of days while she was her sickest, “I was extremely concerned that I was never going to be the same.” Now, after weeks of isolation, the family is slowly recovering. Jencik said a friend’s cleaning service came to sanitise the surfaces of her home. Matt Moreno, CEO of Purify Global, brought in a team of 12 in rubber hazmat suits. “We put on commercial grade gas masks with a cartridge that’s meant to withstand a nuclear attack,” he said. Jencik’s family waited outside the home during the two-hour cleaning job. “I needed to know from my mama heart that I was protecting the people I love to the best extent I possibly could,” she said. So far, New York State, the nation’s epicentre of the outbreak, has had more than 223,699 confirmed cases of the coronavirus, which has been blamed for more than 12,800 deaths. Across the country, there have been 691,567 confirmed cases of the coronavirus, which has been blamed for 36,185 deaths.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story Nigeria Records 51 New Coronavirus Cases, Total Now 493 Fifty-one new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 32 in Lagos, 6 in Kano, 5 in Kwara, 2 in FCT, 2 in Oyo, 2 in Katsina, 1 in Ogun, 1 in Ekiti… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria’s Airlines Have Lost N360billion So Far —Operators The umbrella body of all domestic airline owners in the country, the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), has put the losses so far incurred by domestic airlines since the outbreak of COVID-19 at a whopping N360billion… Read full story Is Coronavirus Spread By Farting? I read somewhere that the Coronavirus pandemic can be spread through farts. Kindly help to clarify this… Read full story