ON account the lower incidence of Non-Performing Loans (NPLs), a Lagos-based research and investment firm, Cowry Assets Management Limited has said that Nigerian banks are better positioned to weather the anticipated economic recession arising from threats of COVID-19 and crash in global crude oil prices, specifically, the firm observed that the lower incidence of Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) suggests that the lenders have developed greater loan administration capacity over time and are, in the short term better positioned. The risk of a rise in bad loans may be also mitigated by the ability of borrowers to refinance previously expensive loans with now cheaper credit in a low interest rate regime, it stated in an advisory noted to clients. “However, only banks with surplus dollar asset positions may be better equipped to withstand another likely devaluation of the exchange rate which could hamper dollar-based loan repayments. “We therefore warn that a protracted weakness in global crude oil prices could set the Nigerian financial system back to 2016/2017 crisis period when NPL ratio peaked at 15.13 per cent – more than thrice the regulatory NPL limit of five per cent,” the note read in part. Recently released banking sector statistics showed greater efficiency in Nigeria’s financial intermediation, particularly with respect to improved loan administration and increased mileage on the road to achieving a cashless economy in 2019. One of such data, from the National Bureau of Statistics, revealed that banking sector non-performing loans (NPLs) declined year-on-year by 40.75 per cent to N1.79 trillion at December 2019. This was in spite of a 13.75 per cent increase in loans and advances to N17.19 trillion  occasioned by a directive from the Central Bank of Nigeria  to deposit money banks to increase their loans to deposit ratio to 65 per cent by the end of 2019. Hence, NPL ratio declined to 6.17 per cent at the end 2019 compared to 11.82 per cent as at the end of 2018–suggesting a general improvement in loan administration to most economic sectors (ten out of fourteen major sectors). According Cowry Assets Management Limited, Banks, in some cases, recorded lower NPL ratios in some economic sectors despite increasing their level of credit exposure to businesses in those sectors. Remarkably, the Oil & Gas sector which gulped the bulk of bank loans at 26.64 per cent (following an 18.68 per cent y-o-y increase in risk assets to the sector) recorded a plunge in NPL ratio to 4.79 per cent at the end of 2019 (from 22.77 per cent at the end of 2018). Similarly, the manufacturing sector which accounted for 15.26 per cent of total loans (following a 17.59 per cent y-o-y increase in risk assets) witnessed a moderation in NPL ratio to 3.93 per cent at the end of 2019 (from 5.83 per cent at the end of 2018). In a few other cases where the level of NPL ratio increased with increased risk asset creation, the Agricultural sector which accounted for 4.49 per cent of total loans (following a 26.59 per cent boost in risk assets) saw an increase in NPL ratio to 6.67 per cent at the end of 2019 (from 5.95 per cent at the end of 2018). Also, Construction sector which accounted for 4.21 per cent of total loans (following a 17.68 per cent increase in risk assets) recorded an increase in NPL ratio to 11.95 per cent at the end of 2019 from 8.44 per cent at the end of 2018.  Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story We Did Not Put Ex-Presidential Aide Obono-Obla In Illegal Detention–ICPC The Independent Corrupt Practises and other related offences Commission (ICPC) has denied allegation that it put the Chairman of the defunct Special Presidential Investigation Panel, Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, in “malicious and illegal detention.” The agency said it was responding to the claim in a press statement issued on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Kaduna Govt Begins Distribution Of N500m Food Items Kaduna State government on Saturday began distribution of the N500 million worth of food items in the eight pilot local government areas of the state. The commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba disclosed this, while flagging off the distribution at Kaduna North local government which is… Read story UPDATE: Chronic Kidney Disease Killed Enugu Health Commissioner ― Family The Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, died of chronic kidney disease, the family of the late top government official has revealed. A statement signed by Dr. Kingsley Ugochukwu on-behalf of the deceased family which was made available to Tribune Online in Enugu on Saturday stating that the late… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Begins Markets Fumigation This Week Interim Chairman, Oyo State COVID-19 task force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said the state will this week decontaminate (fumigate) markets spread across the state. As contained in a statement by Chief Press Secretary to Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the decontamination would be carried out using experts… Read full stor COVID-19: Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed, Tests Negative Unconfirmed reports have it that Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has tested negative after completing the first round of treatment for COVID-19. Though the story is trending in the social media, as at the time of filing this report, no official statement from the government unlike in the past when such… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE