An Advocacy Group, Legacy Initiative International, has asked Nigerians to set aside April 6 as a national day of prayer to seek God’s intervention in the fight against coronavirus. The Grand Patron, of the group, Kenny Martins, stated this in a statement on Friday, adding that traditional and religious leaders in the country were consulted before deciding on the date. Martins admonished Nigerians at home and in the diaspora to pray by noon on Monday to God for healing. “Nigeria and rest of the world in the last three months have been bedevilled with the coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID 19,” he said in a statement. “In the light of the foregoing, Monday, April 6, 2020, should be a national day of prayers by noon. “Nigerians both at home and those in the diaspora have been urged to go on their knees for 10 minutes at this precise hour by stopping everything we are doing, anywhere we are to pray for God’s grace and intervention in this ravaging coronavirus pandemic. “Seek God’s mercy and healing of our land, nation, our leaders, our families and the world” He said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story