The son of former vice president Atiku Abubakar, who tested positive to COVID-19 on March 20, Mohammed Atiku, on Thursday, urged Nigerians to be circumspect about spreading false news especially about COVID-19 patients, as this may further aggravate their health by further weakening their immune system. Mohammed sent the word of caution in a video he made at the  University of Abuja Teaching Hospital Isolation Centre where he has spent about 12 days. He talked about his COVID-19 status and experience and urged people to put aside political sentiments and work together to beat the COVID-19 pandemic before its effects become too much for the country to bear. “So, Nigerians, in essence, I am saying let us come together, let us put aside politics and defeat this pandemic, we can do it and we can do it very effectively if we work together,” he said. In the video shared by his father on his Twitter handle @atiku, Mohammed reiterated that the fight against COVID-19 can only be effective if people shun political bias and other differences and work together to defeat the scourge. He also called for prayers for medical experts who are on the frontline in the fight against the disease. While thanking God that he is feeling good, he said, “One thing I like to speak to Nigerians about in my experience is that fake news is very bad. It compounds your problem if you are in a vulnerable situation. Perhaps being from a political family, I didn’t really feel that pain as much but for people who are more vulnerable, this thing could really affect their health; it could affect their immune system. “Let me urge people out there to be very circumspect in how they treat information and let them be careful in spreading information that is false because false news aggravates the health condition of people. In my case, even people within the estate that I live were purveyors of fake news, quite unfortunate. I will like to urge all of us to come together and see how we can support one another because this is a challenge to our society. It is a challenge to our future and present, the quicker we come together and understand this is a problem that requires a collective effort, then, the sooner we overcome this. “The longer it takes to do that, the longer it takes us in terms of fatalities and also the economic impact. Thankfully, as you have seen the statistics, most people could get well from this though we can’t ignore the few that won’t get well,” he said. Mohammed further called on people to work hard to fight the scourge and support the government by complying with directives from the World Health Organisation (WHO), the Federal Government, state governments and other relevant authorities so that Nigeria can overcome the challenge soon. He further called for prayers for medical personnel who he said “are at the frontline of the battle; they are risking their lives, I have seen first-hand, how close they come to patients and how exposed they are. We need to pray that none of them get infected, that nothing befalls them or any kind of harm comes to them and their families because they are our backbone and we have to appreciate and be thankful to them and to the extended authorities that are not necessarily on the frontline but have been playing a lot of roles in other aspects.” Speaking on his experience, he stated that his first few days at the isolation centre were filled with stress and anxiety, “I tested positive to COVID-19 on March 20 and on that night, I was brought over to the isolation centre at Gwagwalada University Teaching Hospital where I have been since. I hope to be out soon, perhaps when my next test is taken and the result is favourable. I decided to do this video so I can speak on my experience and I hope it would be of help and value to the society “When I came here, my first few days, I was anti-symptomatic but I was nervous. I had a high level of anxiety, a little bit of trauma and it was a fairly difficult two days especially because I was the index case here in Abuja. That was really the main challenge. But day by day, I grew stronger and thanks largely to all the goodwill, the prayers and support I got from a vast array of Nigerians,” he stated. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation Worshippers at Agege Central Mosque who on Wednesday allegedly attacked agents of Lagos State government, enforcing the on-going presidential lockdown, have been roundly condemned by senior government officials. The alleged infraction has also been widely condemned on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Residents Raise Questions As Makinde Says Total Lockdown Last Resort •As state allocates N500million for testing kits, receives N100 million from donors With the number of COVID-19 cases in neighbouring Osun State rising to 14, residents of Oyo State have begun to raise questions about Governor Seyi Makinde’s stance to only subscribe to a total lockdown of the state as a last resort. Making reference to the fact that the positive COVID-19 cases were returnees from… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: Presidency Attacks Soyinka, Says He Is Fiction Writer, Not Medical Professor The presidency, on Wednesday, attackedd Nobel laureate, Prof Wole Soyinka, over his stance against the 14-day lockdown ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari, saying that he is not an expert in that area. A statement issued by Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), Garba Shehu, in Abuja, observed… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (2) LAST week, I commenced a discussion on the concept of traditional rulership in the pre-colonial and colonial Nigeria, the legitimacy of, and the socio-economic cum political weight of traditional rulers and the dwindled relevance of monarchs and traditional chiefs in the colonial political domain… Read full article Our Plants Are Enough To Permanently Cure Coronavirus —Adeniji The problem of coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, is escalating every day. Here in Oyo State, Governor Seyi Makinde tested positive. As a renowned plant pathologist with over 50 years experience, what… Read full interview Expect Locally Made COVID-19 Test Kit Soon —Salako, NIMR, DG There is still much for medical experts to learn about COVID-19 and its challenges. In this interview by SADE OGUNTOLA, director-general, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Lagos, Professor Babatunde Salako, speaks on what the institution is doing in its fight against the pandemic… Read the full interview Enhancing Emotional Well-Being Of Children During COVID-19 MUSA and Obinna are both 10-year-old and good friends who live in the same neighbourhood. They were about writing the second term exams in school when schools were shut and they were sent home, all because … Read full article EDITORIAL: FG’s Restriction On Press Corps TWO distinct things that happened in quick succession in the country recently signalled the continued threat to press freedom and the survival of the media in Nigeria. One was the action by the Presidency in restricting the number of media houses covering Aso Rock. The second was the disruption by soldiers of the circulation… Read full article