A Grade “C” Customary Court, sitting in Iseyin, Oyo State, has dissolved a five-year-old marriage between Afeez and Abibat Imran on the grounds that the latter is impotent. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Abibat who approached the court, stated that she had endured enough and wanted to part ways with her husband. “We have been together for five years. Before now, he could perform but was unable to impregnate me, but now he can’t perform at all. “I have suffered enough in silence and now, I have to move on with my life. I desire to have another man who will be sexually active and make me a mother,” she said. Abibat told the court she had packed out of her matrimonial home as a result of the development. In his response, Afeez, who did not deny that he was impotent as claimed by his wife, said he was already receiving treatment from competent hands and that he would soon be fine. “I want this court to appeal to her as I have spent so much on solving this problem. I do not want her to go, please help me plead with her. “But if she insist on dissolution, then she should bring back some of my belongings she packed along with hers when she was leaving,” xhe said. Delivering his judgment, the court president, Chief Adelodun Raheem, stated that the evidence before the court showed that love no longer existed between the couple. Ruling, he dissolved their union.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story