For breaching its order on the dusk-to-dawn curfew and entering into the state illegally, the Ondo State government has seized a corpse that is for buried in Kogi State and some 50 buses of mourners. The arrest was carried out by members of the Task Force on COVID-19 in the state while monitoring compliance at the borders. It was gathered that the task force laid siege for the hearse conveying the corpse and the buses at the FUTA area along Akure-Ilesa highway of the state capital after learning that the drivers of the buses broke through the security post at the Owena border in Osun State to get into the state. The driver of the hearse explained that he was taking the corpse to Kogi State from Lagos State for burial but all his explanations to the task force were rebuffed. Speaking on the arrest, Special Adviser to Governor Rotimi Akeredolu on Transport, Mr. Tobi Ogunleye, said the vehicles were apprehended for violating the directive on curfew in the state, illegal entry into the state and overloading. Ogunleye lamented that all the efforts of the task force were being thwarted by some security operatives by allowing travellers into the state. The curfew was imposed by the state government to curb the spread of COVID-19 at drinking joints, night clubs and other social places to discourage social gathering in the night  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story