Goods running into millions of naira were lost as scores of shops and an adjoining building on Lebanon Street, Dugbe, Ibadan, were gutted in a fire incident, on Wednesday afternoon. Several shop owners were seen wailing and rendered tales of lament as the fire which lasted about two hours burnt down thousands of fridges, mattresses, beddings, bags, shoes, electronics, wares that they had stocked for sales. The fire also burnt a car parked in front of the stalls with the owner said to have gone into the nearby United Bank for Africa (UBA), Dugbe branch, to make some transaction. Eyewitnesses reported that the fire was ignited from one of the shops where a welder was carrying out welding works as part of the shop owner’s plan to demarcate his shop. The eyewitnesses explained that the inferno began with the wire of the welding machine beginning to melt, followed by a spark that subsequently led to an uncontrollable fire. Giving his account of the incident, one of the shop owners, Wale Adepoju said, “The fire started minutes past 1pm. The fire came from the shop of a man who in a bid to demarcate his shop into two invited a welder to do some welding work. A spark was ignited while the welder was working resulting in the inferno.” Speaking in the same vein, another worker in the area, Mr Ale Oladele also fingered the welding work in one of the shops for the fire. “The shop owner down there (pointing) had invited a welder. While he welder was working, his wire was melting; he tried to get water to quench the fire but the fire kept on expanding until it went out of hand and he ran away. At least 40 shops have been burnt in this incident,” Oladele said. It took the combined efforts of the shop owners in Dugbe, the fire fighters of the nearby Central Bank of Nigeria, Ibadan branch and men of the Oyo State Fire Service to quench the fire. Chief Fire Officer, Oyo State Fire Service, Adewuyi Moshood, who led men of the state fire service to the scene, attributed the extent of damage to the time lag before they were notified of the incident. He held that the state fire service should be people’s first point of call, rather than calling them after they had exerted their personal efforts to no avail. “It is unfortunate that the fire started in the afternoon and we were not called to time. When we were called, we could see the smoke right from the State Secretariat. “That showed that the fire was well alight before they remembered to call the fire service. We believe such delay in informing us is only excusable if it happens during the night. “They probably had been trying their best and only called us when things had got out of hand. “I appeal to residents to call the fire service immediately fire occurs, while they also apply their personal efforts and that will prevent a lot of damage. “Here, for example, millions of naira is already gone here. Even during the lockdown, the fire service is on ground to respond to emergency calls so whenever incidents like this occur, the fire service should be notified on time,” Adewuyi said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story COVID-19: LASACO Gives N1 Billion Free Insurance Cover To Health Workers In Osun As part of its contributions to the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, LASACO Assurance Plc has provided N1 billion free insurance cover to health workers in Osun State. About 200 frontline health workers involved in the containment of the disease in the state will now enjoy insurance cover to the tune of… Read full story Kano Governor Declares One Week Lockdown As State Records Fourth Coronavirus Case Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has declared a lockdown from Thursday for one week in an effort to curb spread of coronavirus which on Tuesday recorded its fourth case. During the period, there will be no movement in the state and the security agencies have been ordered to arrest anyone violating this order… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Fire In AGF’s Office LAST Wednesday’s fire outbreak at the Treasury House, a building housing the office of the Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), has understandably triggered controversy. The office is home to the records of revenue generation and disbursements among the three tiers of governments. It archives the government’s fiscal… Read full article Nigeria, Others Consider Clean Energy As Nuclear Interest Rises NIGERIA alongside other African nations are considering a shift to an unexpected power source especially nuclear energy as many face power shortfalls while demands for greener energy and drought threaten hydropower. South Africa has the continent’s only commercial nuclear power plant, but according to the… Read full article Today’s Woman And Feminism In this millennium, there has been an increase in the campaign and advocacy for enforcement of women’s rights and a reorientation that women’s rights are human rights. Indeed, more women across the world are running campaigns, organising and working together or individually to advocate and ensure an improvement… Read full article Keeping Fit During Lockdown The world is currently ravaged by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) and the disease it causes. The virus, which originated in Wuhan, China in January, has rapidly spread across the globe, including Nigeria… Read full article