In spite of warnings by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa late Tuesday, youths in Warri, Delta State have taken over some streets and major roads playing football in violation of the rule of social distancing. Okowa, during a live broadcast on Tuesday evening ahead of the commencement of today’s total lockdown across the state, had placed a “ban on street football or any other sporting activities on the streets or neighbourhood during the emergency period.” But as early as 7:00a.m, youths in different groups have taken over major streets like Ginuwa, Inemejuwa, and Garage area in Warri – Sapele road improvising goal posts with cement blocks and playing football. ALSO READ: Unizik debunks rumour it’s VC tested positive to coronavirus A swarm of boys who have taken over Warri – Sapele road, Hausa Quarters, Garage axis could be seen hurriedly dispersing on sighting a van of unperturbed soldiers headed for Main Market. Few tricycles are also seen doing skeletal services along Warri/Sapele road, Airport Road and other interior parts of Warri and Effurun. It will be recalled that the Delta State government had issued 14 days total lockdown across the state to prevent the dreaded COVID-19 from gaining inroads into the state which is yet to record any case. With the exemption of pharmaceutical shops, food vendors, fish farmers and those on essential services, among others, churches, schools, bars, clubs, cinemas, malls, others have closed shop in obedience to the lockdown. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story