Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, announced that another COVID-19 patient has been discharged from the state government facility on Saturday, having tested negative, bringing the total number of people discharged so far to 25. This was as he declared that the state government would henceforth treat certain categories of patients free of charge in its secondary health facilities to cushion the effects of the lockdown of the state to contain the spread of coronavirus pandemic. The governor made this declaration at a press conference to give an update on the ongoing lockdown of the state after meeting with critical stakeholders, saying the measure was another intervention by the state government to cushion the biting effects on the lockdown on the people, especially the vulnerable members of the society. According to Governor Sanwo-Olu, additional ameliorating measures to complement the welfare packages previously announced will include taking full responsibility for the medical bills of all patients who have emergency /casualty cases, including registration, laboratory tests, surgeries, and drugs; maternity cases: normal delivery and caesarean sections, saying that affected patients would not need to make any payments to access treatment and care at all 27 general hospitals across the state. “Additional ameliorating measures to complement the welfare packages previously announced, are as follows: the Lagos State Government will, for the duration of the restriction on movement, take full responsibility for the medical bills of all patients who fall in the following categories at all Lagos State-owned secondary healthcare facilities: “Emergency/casualty cases, including registration, laboratory tests, surgeries, and drugs. “Maternity cases: normal delivery and caesarean sections What this means is that, at this time, patients with the above-listed condition will not need to make any payments to access treatment and care at all our 27 general hospitals across the state,” the governor stated. The governor commended the law-abiding residents of state, urging them to continue being responsible Lagosians by obeying all the directives issued by the health experts, saying this could be done, by practising social distancing, shunning large gatherings, covering your mouths when coughing or sneezing, and self-isolating and contact a doctor if they felt “unwell.” Sanwo-Olu, while disclosing that over 400 commercial buses had been impounded for flouting the restriction order, however, warned those who insisted on flouting government directives regarding how to keep safe from the pandemic that the strong arms of the law would catch up with them sooner than later, and would be brought to justice swiftly and comprehensively. “To those who insist on flouting our directives and guidelines, who seek to take undue advantage of their fellow Lagosians at this time, and all those whose aim is to undermine the efforts of the various health authorities responsible for keeping us safe, let this strong warning go out: the strong arms of the law will catch up with you sooner than later, and you will be brought to justice swiftly and comprehensively,” he warned. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Clinical Trials For Possible COVID-19 Treatment Ongoing ― FG The Federal Government has said that clinical trials for possible Coronavirus (COVID-19) treatment were ongoing. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, said this on Friday in Abuja, at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country. Ehanire said that all efforts would not be effective if Nigerians do not… Read full story Father, Mother, All 11 Children Catch Coronavirus In Spain An entire Spanish family of the father, mother and eleven children have contracted coronavirus and are under strict isolation in their home, the Daily Mail of UK reported. The Cebrian Gervas family have been forced to lock themselves away in Valladolid in north-west Spain after every single one of them was diagnosed with the virus… Read full story COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: We Can’t Be Caged For Nothing, Adamawa Residents Cry Out On the second day of the 14 days lockdown of Adamawa announced by the state government to curtail the spread of COVID-19  in the state, the people of the state have started to complain about the stay at home order without palliatives to ease the problems associated with it… Read full story As The World Battles COVID-19, Nigerians Confront COVIK 4-1-9 Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden… Read full article Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story 