Following reported cases of human rights violations by security operatives enforcing government directives on COVID-19, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has directed its staff to monitor and document all cases of human rights violations across the country for necessary action. A statement by the Executive Secretary of the Commission, Tony Ojukwu directed members of the public to report by telephone calls or text messages or video to relevant staff of the Commission and ensure that such reports include the location of the violation, date, time of such violations including a clear description of alleged violators and their victims, their gender and vulnerability (if possible, name, Sex, rank and security outfit of security personnel(s) or official(s). The Commission listed the two states of Lagos and Ogun as well as the FCT where the Federal Government on 29th March gave directives for a two-week lockdown over the COVID-19 for close monitoring. Any complaints of human rights violations, according to the Commission should be reported for documentation and directed for redress to the Commissioners of Police of the three areas which include: CP FCT: 08033438900, CP Lagos: 08033438179 and CP Ogun: 08033438900. ALSO READ: FG reduces price of petrol by N1.50, now sells at N123.50 Similarly, any complaints of violations involving the Military should be reported to the Commission for documentation and directed for redress to the Director Army, Civil-Military Affairs: 08057750691. The statement also called on members of the public to report all cases of human rights violations to the Commissioners of Police of the various states and the offices of the Commission across the country . It will be recalled that the NHRC had on the 30th of March, 2020 following FG directives on COVID-19 called on law enforcement agencies to refrain from all forms of torture, inhuman and degrading treatment of Nigerians in the implementation of the directives of the Government in line with the Anti Torture Act of 2017 and Convention Against Torture, to which Nigeria is a party. Reports indicate that some security operatives were openly torturing and violating the rights of citizens in flagrant disregard to rules of their engagements, the laws of Nigeria and its international Obligations. The Numbers designated by the NHRC for reporting and documenting human rights violations during the implementation of COVID-19 Regulations are 08037875427, 08179371339. 08034354537 and 07033398657. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story COVID-19: FG To Reach 11m Nigerians With Palliatives About 11 million Nigerians are to benefit from the Federal Government’s palliatives to help them to mitigate the adverse effects of the measures imposed to curb the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. A member of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Minister of Humanitarian Affairs… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Gives NCDC Two Weeks To Locate 5,000 Contacts President Muhammadu Buhari has given the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) two weeks to effectively locate about 5,000 contacts of COVID-19 across the country.  The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 also revealed on Tuesday that Nigeria is very short of ventilators required for the treatment and handling… Read full story COVID-19: How We Have Been Coping With Lockdown, Nigerian Women Speak Dupe Ajisegbede, CEO Dimples Fasion Et al: My strategy is to work from home. My husband had decided that the kids were not going out at all in this season, but because we are aware that children have a short attention span, we agreed to take them out shopping with us for food items, on the condition that they won’t come out… Read full story Can Your Marriage Survive The Coronavirus? CNN recently disclose few ways married people could survive this period of social distancing. While speaking with several Licensed Marriage and Family Therapists, clinical psychologists and married people about how to make sure marriage isn’t a casualty of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story Europe’s COVID-19 Crisis And IMF’s Response COVID-19 has struck Europe with stunning ferocity. While we do not know how long the crisis will last, we know that the economic impact will be severe. In Europe’s major economies, nonessential services closed by government decree account for about one-third of output. This means that each month these sectors remain… Read full article  The APC Unending Cold War Former Lagos State governor and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Bola Tinubu, in his metaphorical allusion to the leadership tussle rocking his party, likened it to a virus. In an open letter on the eve of the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting which was eventually aborted… Read full article 