IN the early hours of Friday, March 27, foremost language teacher, author and creative writer, Phebean Ajibola Ogundipe, breathed her last in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. She was aged 92. As many Nigerians are quite aware, she was the principal author of the popular Brighter Grammar series, co-authored with M. Macaulay and C.E. Eckersley. The books have served as a training manual on basic English grammar for generations of Nigerian students, and are quite popular across West Africa. She also had to her credit the New Practical English for Senior Secondary series which she co-authored with P.S. Tregidgo. The books were recommended reading by examination bodies. Beyond her contributions to language teaching, Ogundipe also made modest contributions to Nigerian literature. Her novel, Up-country Girl: A personal journey and truthful portrayal of African culture, was well received by critics. She also authored short stories published in two anthologies. Ogundipe was the author of  the short story, Nothing so sweet, which won first prize in a competition organised by the British Broadcasting Corporation, as well as Folktales and Fables, published by Penguin Books. Born in Esa Oke in Esa-Oke in present-day Osun State on May 6, 1927,  Ogundipe had her primary education in Esa-oke and Imesi-Ile. For her secondary school education, she attended the famous Queen’s College, Yaba, Lagos. For her tertiary education, she attended the University of London. She was also educated at the University of St Andrews, Scotland, where she obtained the Master of Arts honours degree in English Language. She would later go on to establish herself as one of Nigeria’s most notable language teachers. To say the least, Ogundipe distinguished herself as a classroom teacher at Queen’s College, Ede, in present-day Osun State. She also served as  Deputy Chief Federal Adviser on Education, and as National Secretary for the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO). She was, until her retirement, an acting director in the Federal Ministry of Education. Following her retirement from the public service, she was said to have co-founded a remedial educational institution, Top Tutors. In recognition of her contributions to national development, Ogundipe was, in 1979, bestowed with the Officer of the Order of the Niger (OON) award. In a world dominated by men, Ogundipe certainly held her own and became one of Nigeria’s most notable authors and iconic figures, serving  as a role model for generations of Nigerian women. In addition, she had a passion for children’s education, a passion all too evident in her publications. Without doubt, she will be fondly remembered by generations of Nigerians. Sadly, though, the clime whose intellectual growth Ogundipe contributed to with relentless energy is now increasingly characterised by vanishing intellectualism. Nowadays, a disturbing majority of Nigerian youths are decidedly anti-intellectual, given to mundane pleasures and purveying warped views anchored on perverse values. Many of the young women pride themselves in being sexual objects or ‘slay queens,’ scoffing at society’s time-honoured values. Yet the point cannot be doubted that the path charted by the likes of Phebean Ogundipe remains the avenue to Nigeria’s development. No doubt, Phebean Ogundipe lived a productive life. We salute her contributions to Nigeria’s intellectual development. We commiserate with her family, the Esa-Oke community and the nation in general. May her soul rest in sweet repose. COVID-19: Governor Makinde Tests Positive, Explains How He Got Infected •Says I remain in self-isolation •Oyo State releases index case after treatment Oyo State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde on Monday confirmed he has tested positive to the rampaging coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19. The governor who tweeted via his personal handle @seyiamakinde on Monday, said that he was asymptomatic and would remain in isolation... Read full story Buhari Signs COVID-19 Regulation, 2020 President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday signed the COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, which declared COVID-19 an infectious disease. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja explained that this is in the exercise of the powers conferred on the president by… Read full story TRIBUNE EDITORIAL: Yet Another Loss From Boko Haram Ambush LAST week, the military high command confirmed the attack on troops by Boko Haram terrorists which led to the death of 47 soldiers in Gorgi, Yobe State. Blaming the massacre on residents of the area, the Coordinator of the Directorate of Defence Media Operations (DDMO), Major-General John Enenche, stated that the slain… Read full article OPINION: Of Coronavirus, Fake News And Charity THE coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, that started in Wuhan, China, late last year has spread to many countries of the world. Coronavirus cases have crossed 330,000, while more than 14,000 deaths have been reported across the world as Europe becomes the new omphalos of coronavirus… Read full article Ondo Blast Victims: How We Escaped Death, Lost Properties A loud explosion that shook houses in the wee hours of Saturday, and violently roused the people of Akure and its environs, left about 70 houses and vehicles badly damaged, while 13 people sustained injuries… Read full story 33-Year-Old Okeho General Hospital Becoming Economic Waste The Okeho General Hospital in Kajola Local Government Area of Oyo State is one of the oldest in the state. It was designed to meet not only the primary but also the secondary health needs of people in Okeho town and environs. However, like most government hospitals across the country and despite the attention… Read full story Eight Strains Of Coronavirus Are Circling The World, Scientists Say At least eight strains of the coronavirus are making their way around the globe, creating a trail of death and disease that scientists around the world are tracking by their genetic footprints… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE