FOR obvious reasons, this year’s Easter celebrations are a sober and sombre one. The world is currently being plagued by the Covid-19 pandemic that has caught many governments pants down, and Christians in Nigeria, as in virtually all countries of the world, have had to celebrate Good Friday and Easter Sunday indoors. The pathogen has infected nearly 1.8 million people worldwide. Thus, the usual colourful celebrations that herald and mark the season are absent; churches are empty, roads are deserted, and most homes are in petulant moods. In Africa, in particular, the rules of social distancing amid partial or total lockdowns have meant that many who would otherwise have celebrated Easter with their relations living far or near have been unable to do so. The Easter holiday has not been very remarkable because it is coming amid the Covid-19 lockdown all over the world. Not surprisingly, leaders in different spheres urged the world not to despair because of the present circumstances. Queen Elizabeth II, in  her Easter message, urged the world to be hopeful in the face outbreak, adding that Easter offered the opportunity for light to overcome darkness. She said: “This year, Easter will be different for many of us, but by keeping apart we keep others safe. But Easter isn’t cancelled; indeed, we need Easter as much as ever. The discovery of the risen Christ on the first Easter Day gave his followers new hope and fresh purpose, and we can all take heart from this. We know that coronavirus will not overcome us. As dark as death can be — particularly for those suffering with grief — light and life are greater. May the living flame of the Easter hope be a steady guide as we face the future.” Indeed, in Italy, the hardest-hit country in Europe with over 19,000 Covid-19 deaths, Pope Francis broke with centuries of tradition by taking his Easter mass online. On Saturday, he livestreamed his Easter Vigil to the world’s 1.3 billion Catholics from an almost empty St Peter’s Basilica. On his part, Andrea Bocelli, the Italian opera singer, offered some respite to a weary nation through his performance on Easter Sunday on an empty stage in Milan’s cathedral. The concert tagged  “Music for Hope” was streamed worldwide. In Africa, Kenyan present Uhuru Kenyatta offered an Easter message that was quite instructive. He said: “We must come together by staying apart and breaking the chain of infection, reflect on the resurrection story and remember that all things, even suffering, come to an end through unity and faith.” On his part, President Muhammadu Buhari said: “There is no better opportunity than now for all Christians in particular, and Nigerians in general, to remain faithful and hopeful that with intensified prayers backed by personal and collective responsibility, the nation shall pull through this most difficult trial.” Noting that the pandemic was unprecedented in living memory, the president lamented the celebration of Easter in a subdued manner, away from the usual congregation in churches, describing it as both unusual and unfortunate. He, however, urged Christian compatriots to rekindle their faith in Christ who overcame persecution and suffering and displayed endurance, steadfastness and, above all, piety, adding that “Jesus Christ represented man’s ability to withstand temporary pains in the hope of everlasting glory.” The president’s observations are entirely accurate. For while it is true that the world is undergoing perilous times, the point cannot be doubted that sinking into despair is not the solution. To say the least, the lessons of Easter, particularly those of sacrifice and love for humanity, remain constant regardless of circumstances. It is a cardinal teaching of the Christian faith that the Almighty God is good in all circumstances, and that faith in Him offers the most potent tool to conquer adversity. We therefore urge all Christian faithful to use the occasion of the Easter celebrations, however muted they are, to pray to God and intercede for the nation, use all the resources at their disposal to assist fellow citizens in need, and observe all the directives issued by the government with a view to containing the pandemic that has largely occasioned the current muted celebrations. At the same time, however, we urge governments across the country to redouble their efforts in the provision of palliatives to citizens amid the partial or total lockdowns imposed across the country. They should take at least a moment to reflect on the fact that Jesus, the man whose resurrection the world celebrates this season, was one little or no earthly possessions but who nevertheless laid down his life for the benefit of humanity, and always subjected himself to the divine will. Certainly, looting public resources while pontificating on the virtues of Easter is a criminal act. The season should inspire greater transparency in governance conduct, fidelity to campaign promises, and a dedicated war against poverty and deprivation. We salute the resilience of Nigerians at this critical period. We stand with them at this hour, and going forward. Happy Easter!  Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE