MANAGING Director, Nigerian Ports Authority, Hadiza Bala Usman, has pledged the agency’s support towards resolving some of the challenges being experienced by SIFAX Group due to the lockdown imposed to contain the spread of Coronavirus. She made this pledge recently when she visited the terminal of Ports & Cargo Handling Services Limited, the flagship company of SIFAX Group during a tour of all terminals in Lagos to assess the impact of the lockdown on port operations. While welcoming her, Adekunle Oyinloye, Group Managing Director, SIFAX Group, noted that the operation at the terminal had been faced with daunting challenges since the lockdown. He said: “We have encountered a lot of challenges including the harassment and detention of our staff by security agencies despite presenting their ID cards and the cover letter from NPA and bank closure at the ports, among others. We will need your assistance to address these obstacles to our operations. “Also, in order to avoid congestion at the ports, we have stemmed some of our containers to our off dock facilities.” In his own contribution, Managing Director, Ports & Cargo Handling Services Limited, John Jenkins, noted that the agency should first sensitize security agencies on port operations, prevail on them to allow more trucks from outside Lagos access the ports and make public transport available for port workers. In her response, Usman noted that the agency is collating the challenges of all terminal operators and will pass them to the appropriate agencies for proper actions. She hinted that the government was committed to having smooth operations at the port during this period in order to keep the economy running. “I want to assure you that we will continue to support the operations of SIFAX Group and other port operators around the country. Any assistance required from the agency should be put into writing and forwarded to my office, this is because I read all letters addressed to me and I will make sure that proper action is taken on the requests”, she said. In his response, Group Executive Vice Chairman, SIFAX Group, Dr. Taiwo Afolabi, thanked the MD for taking out time to visit the ports. Afolabi said: “I want to inform you that we have acquired a new property that will be used as an off dock and we will require the assistance of the NPA in conjunction with the Lagos Channel Management in dredging the waters to allow for barges and even smaller ships to berth at this terminal.” The NPA MD was accompanied on the trip by the agency’s newly-appointed Executive Director, Marine and Operations, Mr. Onari Brown as well as the Tin Can Island Port Manager, Alhaji Alli Umar.    NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article Lagos Govt Wants Completion Of Primary Six Policy For JSS1 Admission Enforced The Lagos State government has indicated it willingness to start enforcing the completion of six years primary education policy for all pupils who want to gain admission into junior secondary schools (JSS1) in both the public and private schools in the state. It said that had been a national policy on education for… Read full story