A prison inmate who has just been freed due to the coronavirus pandemic in the country has given details of how he passed all his Senior Secondary School Examination (SSSCE) subjects while in prison and how he intends to study Law because “I love lawyers.” The inmate, Chinonso Peter from Izzi in Ebonyi State, was one of the 33 inmates who were granted unconditional pardon at the Abakaliki and Afikpo Correctional Centres by the state governor, Chief David Umahi. He told Tribune Online that he had been in the prison since 2017 when he was in Senior Secondary School 2 (SSS2) after he was convicted by a court for stealing. According to him: “I made my WAEC (SSSCE) while I was here. When my mother called, she encouraged me that I should try to join school here. The number of years I was here have been very tough for me. “I want to study Law after leaving here because I love lawyers anytime I saw them when they visited us inside prison.” Also some of the released inmates expressed their happiness over the development, saying they learnt some trades such as electrical works, barbing and carpentry while in the prison. The 33 inmates released, all males, comprised 20 from Abakaliki facility and 13 from Afikpo and they were mainly those convicted of offences such as stealing, burglary, assaults and conspiracy. The state government, through the Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Cletus Ofoke, announced their release while briefing newsmen on Friday in Abakaliki, the state capital. According to him, the development was in line with the governor’s determination to decongest the correctional centres as a means of militating against the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. Ofoke added that the governor released them based on the recommendation of the advisory council on prerogative of mercy headed by the Attorney General. Meanwhile, the state Controller of the Nigeria Correctional Service, Adaobi Oputa, who confirmed the release in her office, said the inmates had submitted their affidavits to be of good conduct.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story