Another COVID-19 patient in Bauchi State has been discharged and certified COVID-19 infection-free after testing negative. The discharged case is one out of the remaining two COVID-19 positive patients in Bauchi isolation centre, making it five out of six index cases that have been discharged after testing negative to the novel virus. While commenting on the development in the state, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed, thanked all the health personnel and members of the State Rapid Response Taskforce on COVID-19 for their unrelenting efforts in tackling the spread of the disease. Bala Mohammed seized the opportunity to urge all indigenes and residents of the state to continue to work with the state government so as to complement the efforts of the government towards keeping the state free of COVID-19. The Governor in his verified Twitter handle wrote: “Alhamdulillah. Today, one of the remaining two #COVID19 patients at our isolation centre received a second negative result from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). He has gotten the green-light and has been discharged.” Bala Mohammed added: ” I urge all indigenes and residents of the state to adhere strictly to the protocols of practising and social distancing, personal hygiene and reporting suspicious cases to authorities for immediate response.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death
Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency
The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story Nigeria Records 51 New Coronavirus Cases, Total Now 493
Fifty-one new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 32 in Lagos, 6 in Kano, 5 in Kwara, 2 in FCT, 2 in Oyo, 2 in Katsina, 1 in Ogun, 1 in Ekiti… Read full story