NATIONAL Agricultural Seeds Council (NASC), has postponed the SeedConnect 2020 earlier scheduled to hold in Abuja on the 20th and 21st of April, 2020. According to a statement signed by the Director General of NASC, Dr Olusegun Ojo, a copy of which was made available to the Nigerian Tribune, “The decision to postpone was taken in the interest of all the thousands of expected participants from Nigeria, other African countries, Europe, Americas, Asia and the Middle East. This is to avoid exposing them to risks associated with the current global epidemic of Coronavirus. “We are optimistic that the COVID-19 pandemic will be over very soon and the coast will be clear for us to determine the way forward before announcing a new date. We are also aware that the onset of rainy season is earlier this year and farmers would have loved to begin planting early but that their activities would be severely limited and onset of planting in many parts of Nigeria delayed due to the lockdown and restriction of movement. “While we wait, I urge all stakeholders to constantly look out for notices and updates on the sector, emanating from NASC. I also want to alert our stakeholders in the seed sub-sector to be prepared to move on to the markets as soon as green lights are on and restrictions on movement are lifted. “We also want to encourage the farming community to be ready to purchase their seeds as soon as possible, and ensure they patronize reputable, registered and NASC-approved seed dealers, as weather forecast and realities show that rainy season will commence early this year. Farming therefore needs to commence without delay. “I urge you all to use the period of restriction to plan your sales and farming activities and make necessary enquiries prior to the commencement of farming. With the roll out of our electronic system of seed quality authentication, I urge all seed buyers to ensure the quality of the seeds they buy by using the information on the seed packs to ensure they purchase genuine seeds.” The statement read.    NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article