The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), Bishop Francis Wale Oke, has enjoined the Federal and State governments in Nigeria to explore the window of opportunity offered by the coronavirus pandemic to develop the nation’s health sector and other decaying infrastructure. He also noted that if leaders and other stakeholders deploy as much energy and zeal into the business of governance as currently being done to the fight COVID-19, the nation would be a better place. The renowned cleric who is also the presiding Bishop of the Sword of Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, stated these on Sunday in a release, issued by his media office. “Indeed, in Nigeria, God has been so good to us. This is because as deadly as the coronavirus disease is, our country has not recorded a high rate of deaths. Even developed countries with better facilities are recording heavy casualties on a daily basis,” he said. ALSO READ: Bandits kill about 100 in Katsina He noted that one of the lessons Nigeria should learn from the fallout of the pandemic is that government at all levels should ensure the rejuvenation and development of infrastructure, particularly the health sector. This, he said, would enable the citizens to have access to better medicare and at the same time reduce capital flight often associated with some wealthy Nigerians who frequent overseas countries for medical reasons. “God has really blessed us with human and material resources capable of turning Nigeria to a dreamland of a sort but unfortunately, we have continued to move in a cycle due to bad leadership,” Bishop Wale Oke said. While commiserating with President Muhammadu Buhari and the government of Nigeria on the death of the Chief of Staff to the President, Alhaji Abba Kyari, who died on account of coronavirus, he pointed out that the best way to immortalise the deceased is for the government to put the country’s health sector in proper shape for the betterment of the populace. “Alhaji Abba Kyari’s loss is indeed painful. However, his death as a result of the disease should be a wake-up call for all those concerned, to do the needful by ensuring that our health care system is rejuvenated while other sectors do not suffer neglect,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story Mother Infects 17 Of Her 18 Biological, Adopted Children With Coronavirus Before Finding Out She Was Positive A woman in New York, United States, unknowingly infected 17 of her 18 children, including some who were adopted, because she showed no symptoms after contracting the coronavirus and Brittany Jencik of Penfield, near Rochester, said she infected her kids while asymptomatic about five weeks ago… Read full story Abba Kyari And Koronu People In COVID-19 Nigeria THE death of President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, last Friday, like the death of any mortal, calls for sober reflection. May God grant the repose of his soul. However, for all of us—politicians, those controlling the levers of political power, lowly-placed people and humanity in entirety—the major lesson therein… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE