The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 has warned that the number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in the country will rise with the successful tracing of 71% contacts exposed to the virus. Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, made this assertion at the daily briefing of the task force in Abuja, on Thursday, where he also gave an update on the latest figures recorded in the country. He said as, at the 2nd of April, 2020, Nigeria has recorded 174 confirmed COVID-19 cases. 91 are in Lagos, 35 in FCT, 14 in Osun, 8 in Oyo, 5 in Akwa Ibom, 4 each in Ogun, Edo and Kaduna, 3 in Bauchi, 2 each in Enugu and Ekiti, and 1 each in Rivers and Benue States. Ehanire said those discharged from hospital care are still nine, adding: “but others are pending once final tests are done. Two fatalities are on record, these being cases with other serious pre-existing illnesses.” The minister explained that as contact tracing and testing capacity are being ramped up, more and more cases will be found and the number of new confirmed COVID-19 cases is expected to rise initially. He added: “We also worry about persons, especially Nigerians, returning to the country through land borders, who run a higher risk of infection while in a confined space for a long time, like transit in a crowded bus or car. “Therefore, it is advisable that all travellers postpone non-essential travel, whether national or international. In this regard, Nigerians are also advised to remain where they are resident and so stay safe, except if returning home from a journey. “With the expanded national case definition and the addition of two laboratories to the NCDC network of COVID-19 molecular laboratories, the national testing capacity has increased. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kwara APC chieftain canvasses adequate palliatives to ensure compliance “Moreover, the lockdown in high burden states presents the advantage of reduced population mobility and leaves more people at home to be found during contact tracing. “All of this means that more people and samples can be collected and tested more quickly, giving a shorter turnaround time, but it also means that more cases will be discovered initially than before. “With 71% of the over presumed 6,000 or more contacts now traced, the number of confirmed cases will be rising dramatically. Contact tracing will still be intensified to reduce the number of outstanding cases.” The minister assured that the government will continue to expand the number of isolation centres and prepare (Intensive Care Units) ICU units across the country for those who may have complications. He further said: “We have also expanded bedding and intensive care space in Abuja, Gwagwalada and have urged all States to do the same in their states, starting with tertiary hospitals. “All facilities including private facilities where isolation and treatment of coronavirus are to be conducted will be inspected before accreditation by a team of experts. The Office of the National Security Adviser shall be represented, due to national security implications.” Ehanire therefore enjoined all states and facility managers to cooperate in the exercise, “because it will largely determine our success in containing the spread of the virus.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE