The National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) has warned broadcasters on politicising social distancing, lockdown and palliative intervention of the Federal Government for COVID-19 pandemic. NBC said that some broadcast stations air one-sided reports of events with observing balance and fairness. NBC in a statement signed by the Acting Director-General Professor Armstrong Idachaba warned broadcasters to desist from the trend or face penalty. The statement reads: “The National Broadcasting Commission wishes to, once again, commend broadcasters for the far-reaching sensitization of the general public and coverage of efforts towards containing the COVID-19 pandemic. “However, the Commission has observed with dismay, that the Social distancing order, necessary Lockdown and Palliative Intervention Programme of the Federal Government are being politicized by some broadcast stations on COVID-19. It is more appalling to note that some broadcasters air one-sided reports of events without observing the professional ethics of balance and fairness. “We draw, your attention to the following sections of the Nigeria Broadcasting Code please, 5.4.1: The Broadcaster shall at all times, ensure that the coverage of a disaster or crisis is aimed at the overall public interest, guidance, and safety. ALSO READ: COVID-19 Lockdown: Police stop hundreds of passengers from Lagos, Ogun from entering Ibadan “5.4.3: In reporting conflict (emergency) situation, the broadcaster shall perform the role of a peace agent by adhering to the principle of responsibility, accuracy, and neutrality. “3.3.1: The Broadcaster shall: Ensure that any information given in a programme, in whatever form, is accurate, ensure that all sides to any issue of public interest are equitably presented for fairness and balance, be above inherent biases, prejudices and subjective mindsets; “4.1.1: The Broadcaster shall ensure that panelists in a discussion programme reflect the various viewpoints, panelists are of comparable status and relevance.” What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE