THE Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdulmumuni Danga, who allegedly raped a woman, Miss Elizabeth Oyeniyi is not sacked is being speculated in some quarters. Speaking with newsmen, the Commissioner for Information and communication Strategy, Mr Kingsley Fanwo, said the NGOs calling for the sack of the commissioner should be patient and have confidence that the governor will do the right thing. He said, “We can not punish somebody who has not been convicted of the crime allegedly committed.” According to him, after all no one approached the governor; but the governor picked up the case out of personal conviction that no one should molested and no one should be accused falsely without proper investigation. He said that was why the governor has ordered accelerated investigation into the case. “So far no one has been sacked,” Fanwo said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Clinical Trials For Possible COVID-19 Treatment Ongoing ― FG The Federal Government has said that clinical trials for possible Coronavirus (COVID-19) treatment were ongoing. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, said this on Friday in Abuja, at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country. Ehanire said that all efforts would not be effective if Nigerians do not… Read full story Father, Mother, All 11 Children Catch Coronavirus In Spain An entire Spanish family of the father, mother and eleven children have contracted coronavirus and are under strict isolation in their home, the Daily Mail of UK reported. The Cebrian Gervas family have been forced to lock themselves away in Valladolid in north-west Spain after every single one of them was diagnosed with the virus… Read full story COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story