The body of the late Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari, was flown into Abuja Saturday morning for interment. It was received at the Nnamdi International Airport, Abuja by senior officials of the President Muhammadu Buhari administration. The body arrived preparatory to its interment in a private ceremony in the Federal Capital Territory in accordance with Islamic rites. Kyari died in a Lagos hospital Thursday from complications related to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The Senior Special Assistant to the president on media and publicity, Garba Shehu, who confirmed the story in a statement in Abuja, said that the body was handled according to the protocol put in place for the burial of Coronavirus victims by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC).  ALSO READ: Is there a link between thigh size and blood pressure? He affirmed that the burial would be private and that there would be no ceremonies of condolences visits. Shehu said: “We just received the body of Abba Kyari the deceased Chief of Staff the President in Abuja. In strict observation of the protocol put in place for the burial of Coronavirus victims by the @NCDCgov and the Federal Ministry of Health, the funeral prayer and burial will be private. “Thereafter, there will be no such ceremonies as condolence visits. Well-meaning friends, family members and the general public are encouraged to pray for the repose of Abba Kyari’s soul. “May Allah grant the family and nation the fortitude to bear the loss.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story Nigeria Records 51 New Coronavirus Cases, Total Now 493 Fifty-one new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 32 in Lagos, 6 in Kano, 5 in Kwara, 2 in FCT, 2 in Oyo, 2 in Katsina, 1 in Ogun, 1 in Ekiti… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria’s Airlines Have Lost N360billion So Far —Operators The umbrella body of all domestic airline owners in the country, the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), has put the losses so far incurred by domestic airlines since the outbreak of COVID-19 at a whopping N360billion… Read full story Is Coronavirus Spread By Farting? I read somewhere that the Coronavirus pandemic can be spread through farts. Kindly help to clarify this… Read full story 277 COVID-19 Patients Are Being Treated Across Nigeria —Health Minister •Says more people with COVID-19 are being detected The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire said on Friday that a total of 277 COVID-19 patients are undergoing treatment across the isolated centers in the country… Read full story COVID-19: Hit-And-Run Driver Knocks Down NSCDC Officer To Escape Arrest An officer of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Mr Victor Fayemi, on Friday cheated death when he was fatally knocked down by a Volkswagen Golf commercial driver, escaping arrest along Gwarinpa/Kado road area of Abuja… Read full story Nigerian Catholic Priest, Patrick Asomugha, Leaves German Church After Death Threats, Racist Comments A Nigerian parish priest was forced to leave his post as the head of a Catholic parish in western Germany out of concerns for his safety, the parish and local church officials announced on Friday… Read full story Ogun State To Relax Lockdown Order On Monday, Wednesday, Friday Next Week The Ogun State government has relaxed the lockdown directive imposed on the state by President Muhammad Buhari, attributing the need to strike a delicate balance between public safety and welfare of citizenry as the reason behind it… Read full story Covid-19: Wike Arrests, Quarantines 22 Exxon Mobil Staff For Violating Restriction Order Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike Friday announced that security agencies in the state had arrested 22 staff of Exxon Mobil who entered the state from Akwa Ibom in violation of the State Executive Order restricting movements in and out of the state… Read full story