Another batch of 200 Americans has again been evacuated out of Nigeria on Tuesday by the American airline, Delta Air Lines through the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. This came after 385 Americans were on Monday flown out of the country through the Abuja and Lagos airport following the rampaging COVID-19 pandemic. Confirming the latest evacuation exercise, the Regional Airport Manager, South West, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Mrs Victoria Shinaba said since the commencement of the exercise saw the airlifting of American and European citizens by Air France late March. Other airlines including Nigeria’s Air Peace have taken part in the evacuation of the over 1,000 foreign nationals. Statistics provided by Shinaba, showed that Air France had so far evacuated 399 French and other European citizens, Lufthansa has evacuated 238 nationals, Middle East Airlines evacuated 140 Lebanese. While Ethiopian airlines evacuated 295 Canadians and another 375 Americans, Jed Air evacuated nine Liberians, Air Peace airlifted Israelis with the latest being the 200 Americans evacuated by Delta Air Lines. Shinaba expressed satisfaction with the way the evacuation has been ongoing smoothly with little or no hiccups even as she promised full cooperation from other aviation agencies for the conclusion of the exercise. Her words: “So far, the activities have been okay and well-coordinated. Since the closure of the airport, we have had about 10 evacuations of different nationals. We have had from Air France/KLM, Lufthansa, Middle East Airline, Ethiopian airlines. Then. We have had local charter too. Also, Jed Air did Liberia, Air Peace airlifted Israelis. Today, we have Delta Air Lines on ground that will take about 200 Americans. “The conditions are that you have to get approval from the Federal Ministry of Aviation. When the ministry gives approval, it is sent to FAAN, the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority. Then we send approval to all the security agencies too. “Most importantly, there is a procedure in place for COVID-19 virus pandemic which has to be followed. “Apart from today, we have had 1,539 persons evacuated through the Lagos airport alone. Another 200 batch of Americans is to be airlifted on Wednesday and next week. We are having South African Airways and Air France too. They can come up with any plan in the course of the week. That is why we are essential workers. We have to ensure that there is smooth running of operations. Nothing is compromised.” The Airport Manager used the period to lament the huge funds the airport authority has lost since the pandemic forced the airports to shut down to operations, saying that on the average that the departure terminal handles 23-28 flights daily which she said had dropped to 10 flights. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story No Going Back On Inviting Chinese Doctors, But They Won’t Have Contacts With Patients, Says FG Despite opposing the idea by many Nigerians, including the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and the Nigerian Association of Resident… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Ready To Accept Chinese Molecular Biologists, Logisticians, Not Doctors — Prof. Abayomi Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus pandemic, disclosing that… Read full story COVID-19: Chinese Doctors Must Be Quarantined For 14 Days, Follow Immigration Laws ? Gbajabiamila The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday said that Chinese doctors coming to Nigeria to assist in… Read full story FG, States, Councils To Share $150m From Stabilisation Fund • As states get debt, interest moratorium FG, CBN loans With monthly federation account receipts projected to fall below N400 billion because of coronavirus pandemic and fallen price of crude oil… Read full story Inside 56-Year-Old Ogbomoso Waterworks Begging For Government Attention On October 10, 1964, almost 56 years ago, the then Premier of the old Western Region, Chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola, inaugurated the Ogbomoso Waterworks Project on Yaku land in Ogbomoso North Local Government Area of Oyo State. The project, as one of the legacies of the old Western Region, greatly served… Read full article African Development Bank Gets Acting Director Of Communication And External Relations The African Development Bank Group has announced the appointment of Mrs. Nafissatou N’diaye Diouf as the acting Director for Communications and External Relations effective 1 April 2020… Read full story