UNILEVER Nigeria Plc has released its unaudited report for the period ended March 31, 2020. The Company recorded turnover of N13.3 billion in the period under review. This represents a 46 per cent increase compared to the previous quarter four 2019 and a 31 per cent decline compared to N19.2 billion recorded for the corresponding period, Q1 2019. The result submitted to the Nigerian Stock Exchange indicated that the company recorded profit after tax of N1.1billion for the period ended March 31, 2020 representing a 27 per cent decline when compared to N1.5 billion recorded for the period ended  March 31, 2019. The company through its Corporate Affairs Director, Mrs ‘Soromidayo George, said that ‘Unilever Nigeria remains focused on its strategy to deliver sustainable growth and will continue to monitor the business environment and remain dynamic in its response to challenges to operations and the economy, in the light of Covid-19 pandemic.”   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story