A member of the House of Representatives, Olajide Olatubosun, has given palliatives to the less privileged in his constituency, as a result of the untold hardship caused by the restriction of movement ordered by the government following the outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja, the lawmaker representing Saki West/Saki East/Atisbo federal constituency of Oyo State also urged Nigerians to persevere at the face of the global pandemic especially as they celebrate  Easter. Olatubosun, who distributed food items worth several millions of naira in his constituency, also called on well-to-do individuals and corporate entities in the society to donate generously to provide palliatives to the less privileged at this perilous time. According to him, “At this difficult time, I feel compelled to address the plights of our people as they face untold hardship because of the restriction of their movements by the government. “Before this time, my constituents have been economically disempowered with the closure of the borders by the Federal Government. Those doing legitimate business across the border have been facing hellish time ahead of the outbreak of coronavirus. “Even when members of the House of Representatives have agreed to donate their two months salaries to the Federal Government to fight the pandemic, it is incumbent on me to personally attend to the plights of my constituents. “I call on individuals and corporate entities to seize this opportunity to reach out to the downtrodden and put smiles on the faces of the people.” On his message to the people on Easter, Olatubosun said “Let’s share what we have in love as we celebrate this peculiar Easter. Jesus died for his love for humanity and has commanded us to also love our neighbours as we love ourselves. “The prevailing situation in the country avails us the opportunity to put into practice the indelible teachings of Jesus Christ. “As we celebrate Easter, I enjoin us to stay safe by keeping social distance and obeying all directives by the government to curtail the spread of the dangerous coronavirus.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story