China’s construction giants, China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC), are importing about 1.3 million medical face masks and Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) to Nigeria to help curtail the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. They are also responsible for bringing in 18 Chinese doctors and nurses as part of their corporate responsibility to the country. Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, revealed these at the daily media briefing of the task force in Abuja on Monday. His remark followed the controversy that has been generated since the PTF disclosed the plan for the doctors to come to Nigeria to help to tackle the pandemic. He said: “One major support that has attracted public commentaries is the offer by CCECC, a Chinese company to import about 256 equipment and items in different quantities, notable amongst which are, 1,300,000 medical masks, over 150,000 pieces of assorted personal protective equipment as well as 50 medical ventilators. “The company has also proposed to sponsor public health experts to help strengthen our public health capacity and advise on processes and procedures. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Fake chloroquine 250mg tablets now in circulation, NAFDAC warns “However, I wish to clarify that all countries of the world seek for and receive help in the fight against COVID-19. The support coming from China is a Corporate Social Responsibility initiative by CCECC, a company with a total value of infrastructure contracts worth $10 billion in Nigeria. “The professionals that have been invited from China are public health specialists and medical engineers that will support Nigeria’s capacity in managing the Pandemic on the advisory basis when necessary while drawing from the experience of the Chinese. “In no way shall there be case management and interface with patients. They will train our manpower, advise on procedures and methods, install and test the equipment donated before handing them over. “I, therefore, use this medium to appeal to our medical professionals to see the positive aspects of this gesture as an extension of development in the field of medicine. “The PTF recognises and respects the competence and capability of Nigerian Doctors and other medical personnel. “This is a state of war against the coronavirus and time should not be devoted to unhelpful controversies.” Details later NIGERIAN TRIBUNE