THE Federation of Muslim Women’s Associations in Nigeria (FOMWAN), Oyo State chapter, has reminded Nigerians and indeed the whole world of the need to go back to Allah in prayers for an end to the coronavirus pandemic. The Amirah of FOMWAN in the state, Dr Bushra Oloso, gave the reminder in a statement in Ibadan on the deadly virus which has held the entire world by the jugular. Alhaja Oloso, in the statement issued by the state media officer of the association, Alhaji Oyetunji Oyekunle, noted that everyone, at this critical moment, must return to Allah in devotion, veneration and genuine repentance for an end to coronavirus which has continued to claim people’s lives across the globe. “Whatever problem or issue a Muslim is facing, he returns to Allah for respite and His Messenger for guidance. There is nothing that happens in the life of a Muslim except that it has been decreed hence Allah is not unaware of the pandemic. Let us pray fervently for Him to save us from it,” she said. The Amirah said it was disturbing and disheartening the way the virus was spreading like wildfire in a number of countries, causing nations to take extreme measures like closure of airports, schools, companies, markets and borders. “This is certainly a trial from Allah who says in the Holy Qur’an, ‘Do you think that you will enter Paradise without such [trials] as came to those who passed away before you? They were afflicted with severe poverty and ailments and were so shaken that even the Messenger and those who believed along with him said, ‘When [will] the Help of Allah [come]?’ Yes! Certainly, the Help of Allah is near,’” she said. “Even religious and worship centres are not spared as many have been shut while thousands have been told to reduce the number of their worshipers or attendees,” she noted. The Oyo State FOMWAN Amirah urged Nigerians to observe all preventive measures, including regular hand washing and use of sanitiser, a practice she stressed is in line with cleanliness already well grounded and embedded in the Islamic faith towards preventing all forms of infectious diseases. While also calling on the people to equally avoid touching their noses and eyes, use nose masks at all times and practise social distancing, Alhaja Oloso appealed to residents of the state to stay safely at home as directed by the government and public health experts. She expressed the readiness of FOMWAN to work with other faith-based organisations in sensitising members of the public on ways of preventing the spread of the virus. “It is pertinent to condole with nations and families that have lost their citizens and loved ones to the pandemic. May Allah put an end to the rampaging pestilence. “Let me also appreciate government at all levels for efforts made so far to contain the virus. Residents of all nations must however do all that is right in fighting the virus and avoid embezzlement of funds donated or earmarked to manage the COVID-19 pandemic. “ “The Nigerian government must also put measures in place to cushion the effects of ‘stay at home’ on the citizens like it is been done in other countries,” Alhaja Oloso added.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  How Africa Can Mitigate COVID-19 Effects BEFORE the novel Coronavirus pandemic hit the globe, Nigeria spent 42 per cent of her earnings on debt servicing. We have arrived at a new reality today: even if we devote 100 per cent of our income to rebuilding our economy, it still will not be enough… Read full article Our Ongoing Strike Doesn’t Affect Our Involvement In Fight Against COVID-19 —ASUU President We are starting with Ibadan because our members in the zone showed readiness for the project. We were in Jos last week Wednesday and the next place is Maiduguri, to be followed by other parts of the country. Our plan is to launch it at the zonal levels of our union, while the branches key into it… Read full story NECO Declares War On Certificate Forgers THE National Examination Council (NECO) is worried at the rising cases of certificate forgery and examination malpractice in Nigeria and has vowed to make life miserable for the perpetrators of the heinous crime tarnishing the image of the examination body and the country at large… Read full story Does Daily Vitamin C Help Coronavirus? Social distancing, regular handwashing and other personal hygiene are the most effective and proven methods to reduce risk and spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19)… Read full story How Coronavirus Pandemic Aggravates Stress Among Nigerians