 The Federal Polytechnic, Ede has appointed a new registrar, bursar and librarian for the institution. They are Mr Agboola Isiaka Tunji,   Mr Caleb Olanrewaju Olagunju and Dr Egunjobi Rotimi Adesina, respectively and their appointments which are for five years single term will take effect from April 1, 2020. The public relations officer of the institution, Mr Shola Lawal, made this known in a statement made available to newsmen recently, saying their appointments were approved by the governing council of the institution ahead of expiration of the tenure of office of the incumbents at the end of March. He said the registrar is still as of now the deputy registrar of the Federal Polytechnic, Offa, Kwara State, while the bursar is the chief Accountant\Head of planning and budget division of the polytechnic. However, Mr Lawal, the new librarian, he pointed out, would be coming from Adekunle Ajasin University(AAU), Akungba- Akoko, Ondo State, where he is currently performing the same role. He said all the appointees are bringing in their wealth of experience towards the development of the polytechnic.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story