IN an effort to boost food production in the state, a Dutch firm, Terra Agricultural Support Company will be supporting maize and Soya beans farmers in Ekiti State with N3.5 billion in the current planting season. This was disclosed in Ado Ekiti by the Managing Director of the company, Mr Reye Haveman, at a meeting with representatives of the state government. The government representatives were led by the Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr Folorunso Olabode and the Technical Adviser to the governor on agriculture, Mr Olukayode Ilesanmi. Haveman said the company chose to invest the huge sum of money in the state because of the availability of adequate storage facilities, land as well as willing farmers. According to him, the farmers will be supported in mechanisation, training, input supplies, harvesting and off-taking of products among others. He said he was relying on the list of farmers and data provided by the state government in the execution of the project. He stressed the need for all stakeholders to display transparency and honesty in order to protect the image of the government and company that were built over the years. Haveman said he would soon sign a formal Memorandum of Understanding, on behalf of the company with the state government. Responding, Olabode assured the investors that the state was desirable of having his team in this critical era of dwindling oil price.  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE