On April 11, at exactly 9:30pm, the Nigeria Centre for Disease  Control (NCDC) announced a total of 318 cases of covid-19 in Nigeria through its website and verified social media accounts with this analysis: 70 Discharged, 10 Deaths and 238 Active Cases. However, a further look at the data released by the NCDC shows that the number of discharged patients are under-reported, which, without much ado, renders the number released for active cases inaccurate. In Osun, 10 patients were discharged around 2pm on April 11 from the State Isolation Centre situated at Ejigbo, a densely populated town in the Western Senatorial District of the State of Living Spring, making it a total of 11 recovered patients thus far but NCDC recorded one discharged for the state. In Oyo, Governor Seyi Makinde announced on Saturday April 11 that seven patients, including himself, had already recovered and discharged in the state but NCDC recorded four discharged for the state. The Commissioner for Health in Bauchi, Dr. Aliyu Maigoro announced on Thursday April 9 that the state only had four cases thus far with two recoveries, including the state governor, Senator Bala Mohammed but NCDC initially recorded eight cases for the state but has reduced the figure to six following complaints from the state government. However, the NCDC on April 11 recorded zero discharged for Bauchi state with six cases instead of four. Ekiti has recorded two cases and all the two patients have recovered and have been discharged but NCDC recorded one discharged for the state. The accurate figure of discharged patients as at 10:30pm April 11, from records of State Isolation Centres across Nigeria shows that the county has recorded 86 discharged patients contrary to 70 reported by the NCDC. The figure is as follows: Lagos, 50 discharged; FCT, 11 discharged; Oyo, seven discharged; Osun, 11 discharged; Ogun, two discharged; Ekiti, two discharged; Rivers, one discharged and Bauchi: two discharged. These give a total figure of 86 I observed that the NCDC data analysts only pay attention to reports from Lagos and Abuja being the epicenters of the pandemic in Nigeria. I equally discovered that all data released from Abuja and Lagos respectively were accurate while most reports recorded for other states are inaccurate. While I salute the NCDC for a job well-done thus far, I urge the agency to look into the discrepancies in the information being released to the general public in the interest of global world who rely solely on their data for strategic planning. Maxwell Adeyemi Adeleye maxwelladeleye@gmail.com   Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE