Four people on Tuesday morning died while some others were injured when a car rammed into commuters standing at a bus stop in the Ogudu area of Lagos State. Tribune Online gathered that the incident happened at Ogudu towards Third Mainland Bridge when the car on top speed rammed into those waiting for vehicles. An Eyewitness, with his name withheld, said no fewer than four people died in the accident. Speaking on the accident, The Public Relations Officer of Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), Mr Nosa Okunbor, confirmed the incident, adding that the Agency had sketchy details on the accident. “Indeed, an accident occurred earlier this morning at Ogudu that left a few people dead. “However, the distress call was a call escalated through the 767/112 Lagos emergency toll-free lines and was attended to by LASAMBUS. “Therefore, LASEMA does not have a report or statement on it,” Okunbor said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story