Kwara State government has announced a total lockdown of the entire 16 local government areas of the state with effect from 6:00 pm on Friday. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Thursday, the state’s deputy governor and chairman of the state technical committee on COVID-19, Mr Kayode Alabi, said that the new measure banned all vehicular movement, including private vehicles, banks, shops and markets from operating. He, however, said that the lockdown order allows foodstuff sellers and operators of medicine shops to operate on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays between 10:00 am and 2:00 pm. ALSO READ: COVID-19: U.S evacuates 997 Americans out of Nigeria He expressed satisfaction with the level of compliance by the people of Offa on the lockdown order placed on the town since Tuesday, while he thanked the federal government for its support for the state technical committee on COVlD-19. The deputy governor, who urged residents in the state not to panic, said they should strictly adhere to all the safety measures on COVID-19. He also said that the pandemic is not a death sentence nor a crime for anyone to be positive. Alabi, who advised residents against the stigmatisation of any person or communities in the state, warned that those found in such act of sending pictures of affected persons on social media would be prosecuted. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City
The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response
First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story