A Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan, Oyo State, recently dissolved a 13- year-old marriage between one Sina Kabiru and his wife, Alima, on grounds of waning love and irreconcilable differences. Chief Ademola Odunade, the President of the court, dissolved their marriage and directed the estranged parties to go their separate ways. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the court granted custody of the two children produced by the union to the petitioner, Alima, and directed that the respondent and father of the children pay N10,000 monthly allowance for their upkeep. Alima had told the court to dissolve their marriage because she was fed up with their loveless relationship. According to the petitioner, her husband usually sneaks out of the house so as to avoid his responsibilities and comes back very late at night often drunk. Alima said that her love for the respondent had waned due to his uncaring attitude towards her and their children. She said that her husband was never there for her in times of need. “Sina has never been there for our children. He had always shirked his responsibilities anytime his attention was needed, especially in the area of feeding and clothing. “He would sneak out of the house very early in the morning, and would not come back until late in the night. “Sina usually came home drunk and would beat me mercilessly. “He in addition brought different women to our matrimonial home,” Alima said. The petitioner further stated that she moved out of her husband’s home five years ago due to their loveless relationship. According to the petitioner, the respondent forcefully took their two children from her custody two years ago. The defendant, however, denied most of the allegations leveled against him while justifying some of his actions. Sina informed the court that his wife never cared for him and their children since she went into politics. “Alima often abandoned the children while attending political meetings and rallies. “Despite her bad attitude, I still sent her money to take of our children before I took them away from her,” Sina said.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story