The Ogun State government has relaxed the lockdown directive imposed on the state by President Muhammad Buhari, attributing the need to strike a delicate balance between public safety and welfare of citizenry as the reason behind it. The state governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, stated this while briefing newsmen about the activities of his administration to curb the further spread of coronavirus pandemic in the state on Friday. Abiodun said that residents would enjoy window of relaxation on Monday 20th, Wednesday 22nd and Friday 24th of April, from 7.00 am to 2.00 pm. Abiodun said: “My dear fellow citizens of our Ogun State, we appreciate the serious health need to curb the spread of the virus and prevent those who have not contracted the virus from contracting it. But there is also the important need to strike a delicate balance between public safety and welfare of the citizenry. “In this regard, Ogun State residents will have a window of relaxation from the renewed 14-day lockdown in the state and will be Monday (20th April), Wednesday (22nd April) and Friday (24th April, 2020). The period of relaxation will be between the hours of 7am and 2pm on each of these days. “This means that citizens are expected to remain indoors tomorrow, Saturday, April 18, 2020; Sunday, April 19, 2020; Tuesday, April 21, 2020 and Thursday, April 23rd, 2020 as period of the lockdown.” He emphasised that all interstate and international borders leading to the state would remain closed during the window of relaxation, saying only essential services provided would be given access to perform their duties. The governor warned hoodlums perpetrating any form criminal acts not to test the will of the state government, submitting that the state has zero tolerance for crimes.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story