The Acting Director-General of the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, Ms Mary Uduk has been elected into the board of the International Organisation of Securities Commissions, IOSCO. Ms Uduk is to represent the Africa/Middle-East Regional Committee, AMERC on the IOSCO board for a period of two years. The AMERC comprises securities regulators that are IOSCO members within the Middle East and North Africa as well as sub-Saharan African region Announcing the result of the keenly contested election, Secretary-General of IOSCO, Mr Paul Andrews said “The voting period for the AMERC Representative position ended on 20 March 2020. The committee elected the SEC Nigeria as AMERC Representative to the IOSCO Board for the term 2020-2022. “I would like to congratulate the SEC Nigeria and Mary Uduk and wish her every success in this role”. In her response to the announcement, Uduk expressed her sincere gratitude on behalf of SEC Nigeria to all AMERC members for their support in electing the Commission to represent AMERC on the Board of IOSCO for the 2020 to 2022 term. ALSO READ: [BREAKING] COVID-19: FG to borrow $7bn She said, “I am indeed honoured for the trust and confidence reposed on SEC Nigeria and wish to restate our commitment to conscientiously represent the Region at the IOSCO Board and work closely with Ms Nehza Hayat, the incoming AMERC Chair and all other AMERC members on the Board to advance the course of the region. “Once again, I thank you immensely for your support and kindly accept my highest regards, while I urge everyone to keep safe at this period”. IOSCO is an association of organizations that regulate the world’s securities and futures markets. Members are typically primary securities and/or futures regulators in a national jurisdiction or the main financial regulator from each country The IOSCO Board is its governing and standard-setting body and is comprised of 31 securities regulators. Mr Ashley Ian Alder, Chief Executive Officer of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, is the chair of the IOSCO Board. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview 5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article