According to distribution companies (DISCOs), Ikeja Electric Plc and Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC), the plan for Nigerians to enjoy free electricity for two months is only a proposal undergoing review. The distribution companies made the clarification on Thursday. In a statement, Ikeja Electric Plc said that “The management of lkeja Electric Pic wishes to state that it fully supports the ongoing efforts of the National Assembly, in collaboration with the Federal Government, to consider a proposal on the possibility of providing free electricity for two months as part of COVID-19 palliative for customers. “However, it is important to point out that at the moment, it is only a proposal and is still undergoing stakeholder reviews on its feasibility. It has not been approved by the Government as a stimulus package or palliative. “As such, the ability of the DISCOs to implement this proposed palliative is subject to the stimulus package being passed by the National Assembly and signed into law by Mr President. “We urge all our customers to continue to pay their utility bills as usual, while on our part, we shall continue to serve and put our customers first during this difficult period.” In a similar reactionary statement, IBEDC stated that “the two months free electricity bill is still at proposal stage. It is not signed into law yet as such is not binding on DISCOs for now.” IBEDC added that “if the palliative measure is approved, monies paid by customers (prepaid and postpaid) during the agreed two months will be credited to customers account to be utilised for future bills or energy units.” Recall that the Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors (ANED), in a statement issued and signed by its Executive Director, Research and Advocacy, Mr Sunday Oduntan, on Thursday said the 11 DISCOs threw their weight behind the proposal even as they expressed commitment to ensuring efficient supply during the period. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  How Africa Can Mitigate COVID-19 Effects BEFORE the novel Coronavirus pandemic hit the globe, Nigeria spent 42 per cent of her earnings on debt servicing. We have arrived at a new reality today: even if we devote 100 per cent of our income to rebuilding our economy, it still will not be enough… Read full article Our Ongoing Strike Doesn’t Affect Our Involvement In Fight Against COVID-19 —ASUU President We are starting with Ibadan because our members in the zone showed readiness for the project. We were in Jos last week Wednesday and the next place is Maiduguri, to be followed by other parts of the country. Our plan is to launch it at the zonal levels of our union, while the branches key into it… Read full story NECO Declares War On Certificate Forgers THE National Examination Council (NECO) is worried at the rising cases of certificate forgery and examination malpractice in Nigeria and has vowed to make life miserable for the perpetrators of the heinous crime tarnishing the image of the examination body and the country at large… Read full story Does Daily Vitamin C Help Coronavirus? Social distancing, regular handwashing and other personal hygiene are the most effective and proven methods to reduce risk and spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19)… Read full story How Coronavirus Pandemic Aggravates Stress Among Nigerians Nigeria and indeed virtually all the countries of the world are battling to save humanity from the throes of the scourge called Coronavirus pandemic. It is exerting undue pressure on the citizenry, as thousands of people are dying, with many persons across the world hovering between life and death. Medical personnel and facilities… Read full story ‘Nigeria Can Stop COVID-19 Without Shutting Airports, Cities’ A United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) licensed flight dispatcher and ground instructor, Mrs Victoria Jumoke Adegbe has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to review the continued shutting down of airports and other economic activities as a way of curbing the spread of COVID-19… Read full story EDITORIAL: These Palliatives Won’t Do PERHAPS nothing illustrates the inadequacy of the palliative measures rolled out to cushion the effects of the ongoing Covid-19 lockdown in several parts of the country than the angry protests of distressed citizens. The situation is particularly severe in Lagos, one of the states where the Federal Government imposed… Read full article COVID-19: Nigeria Confirms 22 New Cases, Toll Rises To 276 Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Wednesday, has announced 22 more new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), making the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria rise to 276… Read full story We’ll Explore ‘Local Solutions’ To Prevent, Cure Coronavirus In Oyo —Makinde Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, said on Wednesday that the state would explore home-grown solutions towards the prevention and cure of coronavirus. He stated that the state was not ruling out ‘local solutions’ to cure the virus, adding that since Nigerians have always had their ways of dealing with flu, catarrh and cough… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Set To Begin Decontamination, Extends Workers’ Break Civil and public servants in Oyo State are to stay home for one more week, as Governor Seyi Makinde, on Wednesday, announced that the state secretariat, Ibadan, will be decontaminated next week… Read full story (BREAKING): Another Batch Of 281 Americans Flown Out Of Nigeria The third batch of 281 American citizens were on Wednesday evening flown out of Nigeria via the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos State. The Americans were assisted through security and airport screening by officials from the US Consulate General’s office in Lagos… Read full story Gov Wike Under Fire For Detention Of Caverton Pilots Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, may have bitten more than he can chew with his decision to order the arrest and detention of two Caverton Helicopter pilots in his state, on Tuesday, over what he called their flouting of the suspension of flight operations to the state over the rampaging coronavirus pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Why We Are Supporting Nigeria ― Pingjian, Chinese Ambassador The Chinese Ambassador, Zhou Pingjian, has said the Republic of China was giving assistance to Nigeria to reciprocate the latter concern following the outbreak of the pandemic, coronavirus (COVID-19) in Wuhan. Speaking with newsmen, on Wednesday at the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja, shortly after the Chinese doctors… Read full story Accountant General Of The Federation Wants Fire Incident In His Office Probed •Vital documents still intact, says Senate finance committee The Accountant General of the Federation, Mr Idris Ahmed, has demanded for a panel of inquiry to investigate the fire that gutted a part of his office on Wednesday morning. He equally recommended that report of the panel be made available to the Senate… Read full story OBJ: A Misunderstood Leader? THE tenuous state of the federalism in Nigeria accounts for the shades of agitations in the country. The calls have been sustained by a number of issues, among which are the clamour for restructuring, resource control, power devolution, citizenship and state police. Whereas the advocacy for change of the status quo has… Read full story