THE Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Afrinvest (West) Africa Limited, Mr Ike Chioke has said that the Federal Government’s (FG’s) strategy to diversify its debt mix by increasing the share of foreign debt to 40.0per cent of total debt in order to reduce debt servicing cost, seems to be gradually paying off. According to him, FG’s total debt service in financial year 2019(FY: 2019) moderated 6.9 per cent when compared year after year (Y-o-Y) to ₦2.2 trillion from ₦2.3 trillion in FY: 2018. Choke in a weekly review made available to clients said the moderation in debt service was largely due to subdued external debt service which fell 9.4 per cent Y-o-Y to $1.3 billion. This was driven by a 23.6 per cent Y-o-Y moderation in external commercial debt service to $787.2 million, despite increases in multilateral and bilateral debt servicing costs. Domestic debt service on the other hand also softened by 6.2 per cent Y-o-Y to ₦1.7 trillion. “Nonetheless, the FG’s debt mix is still below target with a split of 32.9 per cent for external debt in 2019 from 31.8 per cent as at 2018,” the investment bank stated. In another development, the Debt Management Office (DMO) disclosed that the total public debt of the Federal Government rose by 12.4 per cent in one year (2019) to ₦27.4 trillion ($84.1 billion) from ₦24.4 trillion ($79.4 billion) which it was in the financial year 2018 (FY:2018). This according to data published by the DMO last week follows a 21.1 per cent growth in FG’s borrowings to ₦23.3 trillion. Similarly, the FG’s total domestic debt grew 11.7 per cent year on year (Y-o-Y) to ₦14.3 trillion as promissory notes surged 121.1 per cent Y-o-Y to ₦732.6 billion, driven by the Federal Executive Council (FEC)’s approval of ₦3.4 trillion new notes for the settlement of accumulated arrears. In the same vein, total FG Savings bonds and FG bonds also rose 17.9 per cent and 12.7 per cent Y-o-Y to ₦12.7 billion and ₦10.5 trillion respectively. According to the Chioke “As external pressures intensify it would be increasingly difficult to achieve the FG’s target. External debt issuance in the near term would be a walk on a tight rope given recent credit rating downgrade by major rating agencies.” More recently, FG’s long term credit rating by S&P was lowered to junk status, making it even more difficult to return to the Eurobond market in the near term despite a lower interest rate environment. The case for domestic debt issuance is more compelling as the average yield on FGN bond is currently at 11.6 per cent relative to the yield on Eurobond at 12.2 per cent.  Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story We Did Not Put Ex-Presidential Aide Obono-Obla In Illegal Detention–ICPC The Independent Corrupt Practises and other related offences Commission (ICPC) has denied allegation that it put the Chairman of the defunct Special Presidential Investigation Panel, Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, in “malicious and illegal detention.” The agency said it was responding to the claim in a press statement issued on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Kaduna Govt Begins Distribution Of N500m Food Items Kaduna State government on Saturday began distribution of the N500 million worth of food items in the eight pilot local government areas of the state. The commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba disclosed this, while flagging off the distribution at Kaduna North local government which is… Read story UPDATE: Chronic Kidney Disease Killed Enugu Health Commissioner ― Family The Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, died of chronic kidney disease, the family of the late top government official has revealed. A statement signed by Dr. Kingsley Ugochukwu on-behalf of the deceased family which was made available to Tribune Online in Enugu on Saturday stating that the late… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Begins Markets Fumigation This Week Interim Chairman, Oyo State COVID-19 task force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said the state will this week decontaminate (fumigate) markets spread across the state. As contained in a statement by Chief Press Secretary to Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the decontamination would be carried out using experts… Read full stor COVID-19: Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed, Tests Negative Unconfirmed reports have it that Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has tested negative after completing the first round of treatment for COVID-19. Though the story is trending in the social media, as at the time of filing this report, no official statement from the government unlike in the past when such… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE