An Osun State High Court, sitting in Ikirun on Thursday sentenced two men, namely Elijah Oyebode (25) and Jelili Raji (35) to death by hanging for the murder of one Rofiat Damilola Adebisi, a 400 level student of Osun State University (UNIOSUN). They were docked on three count charges of conspiracy to commit murder, murder and accessory after the fact of murder, which were contrary to Sections 324, 316 and punishable under Section 319 and S, 322 of the Criminal Code Cap.3 Laws of Osun state, 2002 respectively. The prosecution counsel from Ministry of Justice, Barrister Kareem Adekilekun had informed the court that “on the 22nd December 2016, Miss Rofiat Damilola Adebisi, a 400 Level student of Osun State University, Ipetu-Ijesa Campus boarded a Golf car, marked Lagos FKJ 636 DL driven by Mr Elijah Oyebode.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kwara APC chieftain canvasses adequate palliatives to ensure compliance However, on the 23rd of December, 2016 the body of Rofiat Damilola Adebisi was later found by the roadside along Egbeda/Iragbiji Road and one Yusuf Ajibade was later arrested through the deceased iPhone which he sold to Quadri on the instruction of Elijah Oyebode. According to Adekilekun, Elijah Oyebode in his confessional statement said Jelili Raji asked him to supply him a maid and gave him the charm to touch any lady he intended to bring for him, saying the lady will not argue with him. Elijah Oyebode successfully handed over late Rofiat Adebisi to Jelili Raji at his shrine and was paid a sum of N10,000 for the dastardly job by Raji. While giving his evidence before the court, the Police officer attached to the Homicide Section of the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID), Mr Adeyeye Simon explained that Elijah Oyebode was a commercial driver plying the route of Akure Owena road, adding that Elijah Oyebode and Yusuf Ajibade took the (deceased) Rofiat Damilola Adebisi to Jelili Raji house after Elijah has had sex with her. He also claimed that the lady died at Jelili Raji house while Elijah Oyebode dumped the body of the Rofiat Adebisi (Deceased) along Egbeda /Iragbiji road. Another witness, Olatomiwa Alade an officer with the Department of State Security Service (DSS) said that a data report was obtained from DSS Headquarters Abuja while the deceased phone was traced to Kolapo Quadiri which alleged that he bought the phone from Yusuf Ajibade, who acquired the phone from Elijah Oyebode. Adekilekun further told the court that the confessional statement of all the accused was true and had also been corroborated by the evidence of the police officer attached to SCID, Mr Adeyeye Simon. Delivering his judgement, Justice Jide Falola said prosecution counsel had proven his case beyond reasonable doubt and found Elijah Oyebode and Jelili Raji guilty of murder and conspiracy, while he acquitted Yusuf Ajibade of two count charges of murder and conspiracy, but sentenced him to two years in prison for receiving stolen property. Counsel to the convicts, Barrister Suleiman Bello pleaded with the court to temper justice with mercy. Justice Falola subsequently sentenced the duo of Elijah Oyebode and Jelili Raji to death by hanging. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE