Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday announced that nine more coronavirus patients have been discharged from the state isolation facilities having fully recovered and tested negative twice to coronavirus. The governor said this while giving an update on the battle the state is waging against the pandemic as the Incident Commander, expressing joy at the development. According to Sanwo-Olu, the patients just discharged comprised five females and four males, including one foreign national, a Polish. He said the patients were five from the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH), Yaba and four from Onikan Isolation centre. “Good people of Lagos, I have more great news from our isolation facilities. Nine more persons; five females and four males including one foreign national- a Polish, have been discharged to join the society. “The patients; five from the Infectious Disease Hospital, Yaba and four from Onikan Isolation centre were discharged having fully recovered and tested negative twice consecutively to COVID-19 (coronavirus ),” the governor said. Sanwo-Olu said the latest development had now brought the number of patients successfully managed and discharged from the state facilities to 107. The governor, therefore, enjoined the citizens to safe at home, practise Social Distancing and adopt highest possible personal and hand hygiene “as our front line health workers records successes in the battle against #COVID19, contending that that was the only way one could break the chain of transmission of the infection. “As our front line health workers records successes in the battle against #COVID19, we urge citizens to safe at home, practice Social distancing and adopt highest possible personal and hand hygiene. This is the only way we can break the chain of transmission of the infection. “Thank you all for your continued perseverance and patience,” Sanwo-Olu said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story