AN Environmentalist, Mr Iniruo Wills, has urged the National Oil Spills Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA), to probe the cause of death of fishes along the Niger Delta coastline. Wills in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Yenagoa on Thursday, noted that dead fishes littered the coastline across Delta, Bayelsa and Rivers states. Wills, who was a former Commissioner for Environment in Bayelsa, expressed concern over the continued death of fishes in the Nigeria territorial waters in the past one month. He said that this could be indicative of a severe pollution from oil exploration in the area. The environmentalist, therefore, called on NOSDRA to swing into action and trace the source of the cause of the deaths to safeguard public health. Wills also urged the agency to live up to its responsibility and ensure that health, safety and environmental standards were not compromised by operators. He stressed that the agency should not  wait for outbreak of epidemic in the coastline before taking action. “They need to move immediately to avert the looming disaster from the Atlantic coast of the Niger Delta,” Wills said.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article