Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday, announced that five more coronavirus patients have been discharged from isolation centre in the state, disclosing that freshly discharged patients include three female and two male. Governor Sanwo-Olu disclosed this in his tweet while giving a daily update of the fight the state government has been waging against the global pandemic, saying the development brought to 90, the number of patients successfully managed and discharged from the state’s isolation facilities. According to him, the patients were discharged from the Mainland Infectious Diseases Hospital (IDH) to reunite with the society having recovered fully and tested negative twice consecutively to #COVID19. “Dear Lagosians, today, 5 more patients; 3 females and 2 males, have been discharged from the Mainland Infectious Diseases Hospital to reunite with society. “They were discharged having recovered fully and tested negative twice consecutively to #COVID19,” he said. He, therefore, appealed to residents to stay at home, practise social distancing and observe the highest possible personal and hand hygiene as measures to curb the spread of the virus in the state. “I appeal to residents to stay at home, practice Social distancing and observe the highest possible personal and hand hygiene,” the governor said. IGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Anal Sex Predisposes To Cancer, HIV Infection, Others —Experts Anal sex has been described as a prevalent practice, which consistently occurs between young couples and adolescents. According to the Centre for Disease Control “anal sex is primarily growing in popularity with couples under age 45.” Also, a national survey reportedly revealed that 36 per cent of women and 44 per cent of… Read full story Coronavirus Could Be Spreading Through Farts, Says Doctor • Experts still in doubts An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports… Read full story COVID-19: Gbajabiamila Leading A Divided House —Gbillah A former deputy chairman, House Committee on Petroleum Resources (Upstream) in the eighth National Assembly and a two-term member of the House, Honourable Mark Gbillah, in this by KEHINDE AKINTOLA, speaks on the leadership style of Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, among other issues… Read full story