A governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2019 general elections in Kwara State, Waziri Yakubu Gobir, has commenced distribution of food items to vulnerable families in the state. Speaking with journalists at one of the distribution points in Ilorin, on Thursday, the philanthropist said that the stay at home order may be violated if the issue of access to food is not adequately addressed by all stakeholders. He said the gesture was aimed at complementing efforts of the state government at alleviating the suffering of poor masses observing stay at home directive of the government against the spread of Coronavirus pandemic. Gobir also said that the distribution of food items was part of efforts to complement earlier donation of N30 million health fund made by the Gobir Organisation last week. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Ensure workers get salaries, Buhari tells finance minister He said that the food items is to provide succour to people across the 16 Local Government Areas of the state who feed on their day to day business activities and are going through a difficult period because of the stay at home policy of the state government Waziri Gobir, who said he was concerned about security implications of desperation for food, added that the stay at home order may be violated if the issue of access to food is not adequately addressed. He prayed to Almighty God to protect the world from the deadly COVID 19, and restore all back to good health quickly. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation Worshippers at Agege Central Mosque who on Wednesday allegedly attacked agents of Lagos State government, enforcing the on-going presidential lockdown, have been roundly condemned by senior government officials. The alleged infraction has also been widely condemned on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Residents Raise Questions As Makinde Says Total Lockdown Last Resort •As state allocates N500million for testing kits, receives N100 million from donors With the number of COVID-19 cases in neighbouring Osun State rising to 14, residents of Oyo State have begun to raise questions about Governor Seyi Makinde’s stance to only subscribe to a total lockdown of the state as a last resort. Making reference to the fact that the positive COVID-19 cases were returnees from… Read full story