Ethiopian Cargo & Logistics Services, the multiple award-winning and largest cargo network operators in Africa, is adapting its operations to the evolving global demand for air cargo services following the COVID-19 pandemic. In response to the current situation, Ethiopian Cargo has extended its reach to 74 destinations globally, and caters to charter flight needs anywhere in the world boundlessly, carrying much needed medical supplies in the ongoing fight against COVID-19. In the month of March alone, Ethiopian transported a total uplift of over 45,848 tons of cargo to different parts of the world deploying both its freighters and passenger fleet. The shipments include pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare products carried with 86 charter flights using B777 freighters, each with a capacity of 100 tons, in response to the COVID 19 pandemic. “Agility being a key part of our competencies, we have recalibrated our cargo operations and networks in light of the current demand in air cargo business,” says Tewolde GebreMariam, Ethiopian Group CEO. “We are carrying medical supplies in both scheduled and charter flights using the cabin and belly hold of our passenger aircraft besides our cargo fleet. Despite the grim situation the world is grappling with, we feel heartened by the small contribution we are making to curb further loss of lives by carrying critical medical supplies where they are needed the most. “I would like to thank my colleagues at Ethiopian Cargo & Logistics Services who are working 24/7 to provide air cargo service the world needs critically in this difficult time.” It is to be recalled that Ethiopian recently delivered medical supplies – including testing kits, masks and protective suits – donated by Jack Ma and Alibaba Group to African countries with the initiative of Ethiopian Prime Minister Dr Abiy Ahmed.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  How Africa Can Mitigate COVID-19 Effects BEFORE the novel Coronavirus pandemic hit the globe, Nigeria spent 42 per cent of her earnings on debt servicing. We have arrived at a new reality today: even if we devote 100 per cent of our income to rebuilding our economy, it still will not be enough… Read full article Our Ongoing Strike Doesn’t Affect Our Involvement In Fight Against COVID-19 —ASUU President We are starting with Ibadan because our members in the zone showed readiness for the project. We were in Jos last week Wednesday and the next place is Maiduguri, to be followed by other parts of the country. Our plan is to launch it at the zonal levels of our union, while the branches key into it… Read full story