 THE registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, Professor Ishaq Oloyede, has urged the staff of the board to comply strictly with the directives of the Federal Government through the Ministry of Health and National Centre for Disease Control in a bid to speedily contain the coronavirus pandemic. He also urged the outstation staff in the various states of the federation to respect and comply with the series of containment measures put in place by their respective state governments. Oloyede gave the charge at an interactive online webinar forum with JAMB staff, according to a weekly bulletin of the board obtained in Abuja,where he also tasked them on personal and environmental hygiene. He used the occasion to congratulate the staff on the successful conduct of the 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME), which over 1.9 million candidates sat for nationwide. While emphasising the need for personal hygiene, Oloyede advised staff with flu-like symptoms to access proper medical care and, if symptoms persist, contact NCDC and the office for any possible assistance and support. He said: “I urge you to adhere strictly to instructions from the Federal Ministry of Health and the various state governments. “You are to respect the social distancing policy as directed as well as observe other precautionary measures stipulated by other regulatory agencies.” He said the board’s online platforms are up and running, and provide necessary tools with which staff could provide essential services from the comfort of their homes. He charged zonal directors and state coordinators to oversee the security of their staff offices and liaise constantly with the headquarters or supervising directors during the period of the lockdown.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria’s Foreign Reserves Decline By $182.17m In 7 Days This week, Nigeria’s Foreign Exchange (FX) reserves remained under pressure, declining by $182.17 million when compared to what it was a week ago (WTD) to $35.71 billion as of March 24, 2020… Read full story PHOTOS: Lady Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Discharged, Narrates Her Experience At Lagos Isolation Centre A lady who tested positive for coronavirus has narrated her experience inside the isolation centre in Lagos after she was discharged and was given a clean bill of health on Monday, March 30. The lady, Oluwaseun Ayodeji Osowobi, who wrote of her experience on her twitter handle, @AyodejiOsowobi, said she contracted… Read full story