The Chief Medical Director (CMD), University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has tested negative for COVID-19 after eight days of isolation and treatment. Head of Public Relations Unit of the hospital, Mr Toye Akinrinlola, who confirmed this said that the last test on his blood sample has come back negative. Akinrinlola said the test result arrived at about 3:45 pm, gladden the heart of family, friends and workers of the institution. Otegbayo had tested positive to the virus seven days ago. He said he may have contracted the virus through Board meetings of the hospital held from Monday to Wednesday last week. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NLC Boss commends health professionals’ dedication to service The week-long meetings were suspended on Thursday after some members were coughing and showing other symptoms of COVID-19. He was among the eight confirmed cases in Oyo State as at Wednesday, April 1. A statement by Toye Akinrinlola, the UCH Public Relations Officer, reads: “I have the pleasure to announce that the repeat test of the UCH CMD, Professor Jesse Abiodun Otegbayo has returned negative. He had earlier tested it positive to the COVID-19 virus last Friday. “The provost of UI College of Medicine, Professor Oluwabunmi Olaopa Olopade and the deputy provost, Professor Obafunke Denloye have both tested negative in a repeat test. “Professor Otegbayo had on Sunday personally said in a statement that he tested positive for COVID- 19 and admonished all those who had contact with him to go on self-quarantine. “However, his samples were taken again on Tuesday, 31st March, 2020. Today, at about 3.00pm, the result came out negative.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story