The Nigerian Baptist Convention (NBC), on Monday, donated food items to the Ogun State government in support of the fight against the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. The items were handed over to the state government by the National President of NBC and the President, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Revd (Dr) Samson Ayokunle, at the Governor’s Office, Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta. Ayokunle who was represented by the Director of Social Ministry of the Church, Revd (Dr) Titi Eniola and the President, Ogun State Baptist Conference, Revd (Dr) Wale Oyeniyi, said the food donation was the Church “token of love” through the state government to the most vulnerable people in the state. He said,” We wish to identify with the palliative measure the Ogun State government is providing by presenting the following items for the relief of the most vulnerable in the state, to ease the pains they might be encountering at this period of lockdown, as a result of the pandemic. ALSO READ: COVID-19: CCECC bringing 1.3m face masks, PPE, 18 Chinese doctors, says Presidential Task Force “The items were 25 bags of 50kg bags of rice; 40 bags of 10kg semovita; 20 cartons of groundnut oil; 10 bags of beans and 100 tubers of yam. This is our token of love for support to your government.” The Secretary to the State Government, Mr Olatokunbo Talabi, who received the items on behalf of government promised that the items would be given out to those who needed it most. He said,” These items were received on behalf of the underprivileged and challenged people in the state. This kind of gesture gives hope to the people that all irrespective of who you are are all in this together. Most of the times, it is not how large the donation is, but the intent. “I want to assure you on behalf of the government that every gift that we are receiving of behalf of the underprivileged will be accounted for by the government.” He urged the Church to continue to pray for the state government, the people and prayers to tackle the pandemic. Talabi admonished well spirited Nigerians, citizens of the state and corporate bodies and organisations to support the government in the cause of combating the scourge. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE