Benue State government on Thursday, commenced the fumigation of markets and other public places so as to curtail the spread of COVID-19 in the state. A member of the State  Action Committee on COVID-19 and director of livestock in the State Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources, Dr Edward Amali who declared the exercise open said the committee had lived up to expectations since inception. Dr Amali said that the State Action Committee was determined to the fumigation exercise in order to get rid of COVID-19 wherever it might be so as to spare the state from recording another positive case of the virus. ALSO READ: BREAKING: UCH CMD tests negative for COVID-19 According to him, “hospitals, markets, parks and even streets where the virus may be suspected to be hanging would be equally be fumigated. “Governor Samuel Ortom and his Deputy, Engr. Benson Abounu, who is Chairman of the State Action Committee were determined to eradicate the virus from the state” he said. He said that the exercise would take up to a week to get all the markets and other places fumigated, adding that the committee has procured enough viroseed chemicals. Chairman of Wurukum Traders where the exercise began, Mr Ibrahim Terngu Adura said the traders had complied with the stay-at-home directive to allow for the fumigation of the market. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story