Following the demise of the Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, last week, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, on Thursday, swore in Associate Professor Emmanuel Ikechukwu Obi, as the new Health Commissioner. Professor Obi, until his appointment, was a Consultant Public Health Physician and Lecturer at University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, Ituku-Ozalla and College of Medicine, University of Nigeria, respectively. Swearing in the new Commissioner, Governor Ugwuanyi said, “the compelling need to re-establish commanding leadership for State Health Care System under a Commissioner. “In the face of the escalating Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) pandemic, necessitated the urgent replacement of our deceased Commissioner for Health,” the governor added The governor stated that the action was taken pursuant to the confirmation of Associate Prof. Obi’s nomination as Commissioner by the Enugu State House of Assembly “conveyed in Enugu State House of Assembly letter reference No. HA/5/CHA/11/VOL.1V/146, dated 9th April, 2020.” While congratulating Associate Professor Obi on his appointment, Gov. Ugwuanyi expressed the hope “that you will bring your expertise and the requisite gravitas to bear on your new role as Commissioner for Health, Enugu State, especially in these unusual times.” Responding, Professor Obi expressed gratitude to the governor for finding him worthy to serve as the State Commissioner for Health and pledged to carry out his duties with “all diligence and the best of my ability.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  How Africa Can Mitigate COVID-19 Effects BEFORE the novel Coronavirus pandemic hit the globe, Nigeria spent 42 per cent of her earnings on debt servicing. We have arrived at a new reality today: even if we devote 100 per cent of our income to rebuilding our economy, it still will not be enough… Read full article Our Ongoing Strike Doesn’t Affect Our Involvement In Fight Against COVID-19 —ASUU President We are starting with Ibadan because our members in the zone showed readiness for the project. We were in Jos last week Wednesday and the next place is Maiduguri, to be followed by other parts of the country. Our plan is to launch it at the zonal levels of our union, while the branches key into it… Read full story NECO Declares War On Certificate Forgers THE National Examination Council (NECO) is worried at the rising cases of certificate forgery and examination malpractice in Nigeria and has vowed to make life miserable for the perpetrators of the heinous crime tarnishing the image of the examination body and the country at large… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE