Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has called on Christians to imbibe the virtues of sacrifice and love as they celebrate this year’s Easter. Bello in his Easter message issued on Thursday by his Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammad, felicitate with Christians in the state and all over the world on the special occasion commemorating the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. “As we mark Easter, it is pertinent to reflect deeply on the lessons of uncommon sacrifice, selflessness and inestimable love as displayed by Jesus Christ for the redemption of mankind. ALSO READ: Enugu governor swears in new health commissioner “The spirit of sacrifice as displayed by Jesus Christ who willingly offered himself on the cross for mankind should be a lesson for all Christians. Genuine love for humanity can only be expressed when we take the teachings and sacrifice of Christ to heart. “As a people, we must be willing to make sacrifices for the overall development of our state and the good of our fellow brothers and sisters”, Bello said. He enjoined Christians and people of the state to use the occasion to seek God’s intervention over the COVID-19 pandemic ravaging some states of the federation and the world over. The governor also urged Christians and people of the state to maintain high-level personal hygiene and observe social distancing to keep the state safe from the COVID-19 pandemic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  How Africa Can Mitigate COVID-19 Effects BEFORE the novel Coronavirus pandemic hit the globe, Nigeria spent 42 per cent of her earnings on debt servicing. We have arrived at a new reality today: even if we devote 100 per cent of our income to rebuilding our economy, it still will not be enough… Read full article Our Ongoing Strike Doesn’t Affect Our Involvement In Fight Against COVID-19 —ASUU President We are starting with Ibadan because our members in the zone showed readiness for the project. We were in Jos last week Wednesday and the next place is Maiduguri, to be followed by other parts of the country. Our plan is to launch it at the zonal levels of our union, while the branches key into it… Read full story NECO Declares War On Certificate Forgers THE National Examination Council (NECO) is worried at the rising cases of certificate forgery and examination malpractice in Nigeria and has vowed to make life miserable for the perpetrators of the heinous crime tarnishing the image of the examination body and the country at large… Read full story Does Daily Vitamin C Help Coronavirus? Social distancing, regular handwashing and other personal hygiene are the most effective and proven methods to reduce risk and spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19)… Read full story How Coronavirus Pandemic Aggravates Stress Among Nigerians Nigeria and indeed virtually all the countries of the world are battling to save humanity from the throes of the scourge called Coronavirus pandemic. It is exerting undue pressure on the citizenry, as thousands of people are dying, with many persons across the world hovering between life and death. Medical personnel and facilities… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE