The Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has announced that the distribution of welfare stimulus packages which will begin in the state on Saturday will target 500,000 homes in the local government areas. Announcing this on Friday, the governor said the packages, which include staple food items and other essential hygiene products, will be distributed when everyone is at home on Saturday. According to the governor, “We are targeting 500,000 homes with the stimulus package distribution in each LGA that begins tomorrow when everyone must have been home. “The packages include mainly staple food items and other essential hygiene products such as the hand sanitizers produced by the Ogun State Ministry of Health, anti-bacterial soaps, stain removers and water packs. “The goal of this exercise, which will be closely monitored for effectiveness, is to keep all families in the best condition during this compulsory stay-at-home which has been declared for our collective benefit, as we battle the coronavirus.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story