The Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries  has directed both its members and non-members who keyed into the 30 days prophetic prayers retreat of the ministry to repeat the daily prayers from Thursday, April 23. Tagged ‘Victory over the Noisome Pestilence’, the first set of prayers, which can be prayed at anytime, started on Sunday, March 22 and ended on Monday, April 20. According to the General Overseer of MFM, Dr. Daniel Olukoya, “in this booklet, you find the prayers vomited by the Holy Ghost to quench the rage. They’re multifaceted prayers aimed at igniting revival and arresting stormy winds, decimating infirmity and directing everyone back to God,” adding that the “remedy to this pandemic is the ever efficacious blood of Jesus.” Phase two of the programme will start on Thursday, which is a repeat of the programme. The 30 Days Prayer Retreat pamphlet daily starts with an aggressive praise worship, a hymn, confession, with Psalm 91 and then 21 prayer points. There is a section of prayers for the congregation, another for the individual and the last one again the pandemic and diseases. The General Overseer will make further announcement during the electronic transmission of the weekly Manna Water service of the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries on Wednesday.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article