Gunmen, who abducted an Anglican priest, Revd. Anthony Oyi, on Saturday morning in his farm at Issele-Mkpitime, Aniocha North Local Government Area of Delta State, have demanded N15 million ransom for his release. The hoodlums were said to have made the demand after establishing contact with the family through the Priest’s elder brother, Mr. Francis Oyi. Reports said the Priest’s brother had attempted to haggle the N15 million down to N200,000; an action that infuriated the gunmen who then decided to lead to go incommunicado since Saturday. It was, however, gathered that efforts still are ongoing to source for the ransom before the abductors re-established call with the family. It could not be ascertained if the Anglican Communion in the state or his local assembly is harnessing resources together to get their priest out of the stranglehold of the suspected Fulani marauders. ALSO READ: PHOTOS: Lagos police arrest Bar owner, customers for drinking at night during lockdown Meanwhile, Commissioner of Police, Delta State Police Command, Mr. Muhammed Inuwa, in a chat with our correspondent on Sunday his men, with local vigilance men, were still combing the woods to rescue the priest unhurt. “It’s our responsibility to protect life and property and our men were mobilized to the bushes along with others to see if we can rescue him. “And up till evening time (Saturday), they were in the bush,” he noted. It will be recalled that Revd. Oyi, his wife, children, and a friend were Saturday morning abducted from his at Issele-Mkpitime, Aniocha North Local Government Area of the state. It was gathered that shortly after the victims were kidnapped, the assailants left the priest’s wife and children off the hook, but whisked away Rev Oyi and his friend.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story