THE Vice President Industrial Global Union, Issa Aremu, has called on workers and all Nigerians to heed the advice by the governments and public health authorities to observe all preventive measures, especially the stay at home directive, to stop the spread of COVID-19 in the country. He also stated that the battle to curtail the spread of the deadly pandemic should not be left to the government alone, and called the organised labour, civil societies and the organised private sector and other employers of labour to compliment the efforts of government. Aremu said: “It’s time for all compatriots to heed the advice by the governor and public health authorities in general to observe preventive measures, stay home and stay alive. The point cannot be overstated that the cases are still increasing. “This historic battle can’t be for governments alone. Organised labour, civil societies and organised businesses must compliment the efforts of governments to tame the spread. “Employers must invest in particular on the protection of essential health workers on prevention awareness and control of the disease. The Federal Government must urgently revive the tripartite National Labour Advisory Council (NLAC) made up of workers, employers and government with proactive coordinated and strategic interventions to minimise the impact of the virus.” He commended governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State for its encouraging full disclosure of his status as a Coronavirus case in Nigeria, adding that his honest and audacious disclosure was timely in removing ignorance among some citizens and a wakeup call for all Nigerians that the rampaging virus is real.  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE