 To ensure widows and  the aged are free of coronavirus as they continue to comply with the lockdown instructions by the Federal Government, a non-governmental organisation, Dignified Youth Development Initiative International, on Easter Monday educated them on the appropriate use of hand sanitisers and face masks. Speaking at the occasion which also involved donation of different food items and hand sanitisers to widows in Aroro Kole in Akinyele Local Government, Oyo State, Professor Bola Adeniyi said appropriate use of nose masks and hand sanitisers is important just as social distancing to avoid the contracting the virus. Adeniyi, one of the visioners of a non-governmental organisation, said they must regularly wash their hands with soap and water or rub into their hands the sanitizer to make their hands free of disease-causing germs. The don, while urging them to be wary of going to crowded places, including parties, told them to always wear face masks if they find themselves where there are more than three people. According to Professor Adeniyi, wearing the face mask protects against the coronavirus, which can be spread through sneezing, talking, and coughing by people already infected with the disease-causing germ. She asked the widows to avoid touching their faces, mouths, noses and eyes with their unwashed hands to prevent  contracting the disease-causing germs, including coronavirus. Professor Adeniyi said Aroro-Kole community was chosen for the COVID-relief package and awareness creation intervention, being a community with a high number of widows and vulnerable people. She stated: “We picked this community with a lot of vulnerable people, apart from the widows. As an NGO, we have 37 widows that we consistently support, aside from the education of 34 orphans and vulnerable children.” Central chairman, Aroro Kole community, Alhaji Tijani Abdulrasaki, expressed appreciation for the intervention and asked that the widows make regular handwashing with soap and water a habit.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story