Bishop of Lagos Diocese (Anglican Communion), The Rt. Rev. Humphrey Olumakaiye has said that the COVID-19 pandemic will pass away. He, therefore, called on Christians to continue to trust in God over the pandemic in the country. Olumakaiye made the disclosure as part of his message to mark the Palm Sunday. “The Coronavirus pandemic will pass away and so, Let us trust Him. God works through all things for good including COVID 19 crisis. “Instead of allowing yourselves to be filled with fear, hopelessness, discouragement, dread, negative confession and disappointment. “Let us love Jesus again with the same kind of desperation as He was welcomed into Jerusalem,” Olumakaiye said. ALSO READ: COVID-19: UITH puts 28 staff in self isolation, suspends senior consultant Olumakaiye said that Palm Sunday is telling that the world is in the palms of God’s hand in the midst of COVID 19. He said COVID-19 is not a surprise to God even as he has plans to do amazing things. “COVID 19 is not a surprise to God, that we shall be worshipping Him today in an empty Church. “God is in control. He has a plan to use even the worst tragedies to do amazing things.” Olumakaiye also commended the Federal and Lagos State governments for their various roles in fighting the Coronavirus pandemic. “We commend the Federal and Lagos State governments, for all their efforts at putting a quick end to the disruption of our daily existence. “Special commendation goes to our Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, we also identify with all the good people who have contributed and continue to contribute towards the alleviation of the sufferings of the weak and the vulnerable among us,” Olumakaiye stated. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story