The President-General of the apex Igbo cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, has lamented the alleged indifference of the Federal Government to the plight of the orgy of violence being unleashed on the people of Plateau State by suspected Fulani herdsmen. In a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity for Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Emeka Attamah made available to Nigerian Tribune in Enugu on Friday, the President General decried the recent gruesome massacre on April 14, 2020, of the people of Hura hamlet of Maiyanga village in Kwall District, Miango Chiefdom in Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau State, mostly children between the ages of three and fifteen, including a pregnant mother. Chief Nwodo for Ohanaeze Ndigbo said the wanton killing of defenseless Nigerians by suspected Fulani herdsmen is despicable, condemnable and harrowing. He wondered how persons who lay claim to humanity can unleash such havoc on fellow human beings at a time all humanity is geared towards halting the march of the devastating Coronavirus pandemic ravaging the world. Chief Nwodo frowned at the insensitivity of the Federal Government to the plight of the people of Plateau State whose decimation by these marauders over years far outstrips victims of Lassa Fever and COVID-19 put together in the country. Nwodo described as hypocritical the unprecedented attention being given to the COVID-19 scourge by the Federal Government which has looked the other way as her citizens are slaughtered, maimed, raped and made homeless in their numbers by hoodlums it could have caged if it wanted to. Chief Nwodo observed that the palpable silence of government over the uncountable aggressions of suspected Fulani herdsmen and the stripping of Nigerians of all forms of self-defence just before the onslaught started tends to give verve to the conspiracy theory making the rounds in the country. ALSO READ: COVID-19 lockdown: Senate President condemns alleged extrajudicial killings The President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo also challenged the Federal Government to debunk this impression by being as pragmatic in the physical protection of the people, irrespective of tribe, with the same vehemence and spontaneity it is approaching the COVID-19 pandemic or leave the room again for speculations that the humongous amount being doled out for it is to favour a few people and not the entire country. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Leader commiserated with the government and people of Plateau State who lost their loved ones in the attacks over the years and urged them not to lose faith in God and to know that their scourge will come to an end in the fullness of time. He called on the Federal Government to extend the palliative of NEMA and other agencies to victims of suspected Fulani herdsmen attacks throughout the country who have joined the flock of Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) in the country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE