 Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl. Medical experts have said that it is safe to use a finger condom, when engaging in the form of sexual penetration known as fingering. According to them, it is a cost-effective option for safe sex. Speaking with Nigerian Tribune, a consultant obstetrician and gynecologist, University College Hospital, Dr Olayinka Ogunbode, has urged individuals to cultivate the habit of protecting themselves with a condom during any form of sex. “People should engage in safe sex. Whether fingering or oral sex, they should be aware of the risks involved and therefore cautious efforts should be made,” Dr Ogunbode said. “Although fingering cannot result into pregnancy in as much sperm is not introduced into a vagina through the fingers, finger condoms can help prevent scratches from a fingernail inside a partner’s anus or vagina, which can increase the risk of the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases like HIV during intercourse,”another expert, Ana Gotter explained. According to her, exposed fingernails can also carry bacteria or STIs like Human papillomavirus (HPV) and Chlymydia. However, they disclosed that finger condoms may not be widely available but that gloves are also safer choices that create protective barriers against the transmission of these diseases and infections. This is because gloves are more accessible and easier to find. Another benefit of finger condoms, which they said is the ease of cleanup after use. These condoms can be removed and disposed, even as hands are washed without been much concerned whether bodily fluid remained under the finger nail.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story 