The former Senator, representing Anambra Central in the 8th Senate, Abuja, Senator Victor Umeh, donated the sum of two million naira to Anambra State government to help its fight against the spread of coronavirus in the state. According to Senator Umeh, “We have seen what is happening all over the world with the coronavirus pandemic. Most nations are struggling to cope with the devastating effects of the pandemic on families and on the economy. While commending the State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, for introducing an economic stimulus package to cushion the effects of the pandemic on the citizens and providing vital medical equipment for the isolation centres, said the government can not do the needful alone. “That’s why we have to donate money or even materials as this concerns all of us” he added Continuing, Senator Umeh called on well-to-do individuals, as well as corporate organisations operating in the state to support the government’s efforts, “We can see that Lagos State, despite their privileged status as an economic powerhouse in Nigeria, is calling for and are receiving huge support by way of monetary and material contributions from individuals and corporate organisations to help their COVID-19 response efforts. “This is commendable and I believe the people will listen and support the state government’s COVID-19 efforts,” the Senator concluded. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story COVID-19: FG To Reach 11m Nigerians With Palliatives About 11 million Nigerians are to benefit from the Federal Government’s palliatives to help them to mitigate the adverse effects of the measures imposed to curb the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. A member of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Minister of Humanitarian Affairs… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Gives NCDC Two Weeks To Locate 5,000 Contacts President Muhammadu Buhari has given the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) two weeks to effectively locate about 5,000 contacts of COVID-19 across the country.  The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 also revealed on Tuesday that Nigeria is very short of ventilators required for the treatment and handling… Read full story