Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has announced an extension of the lockdown in the state by an additional 14 days. He also imposed a 7.00 p.m. to 7.00 a.m. curfew to stop movement of persons and opening of some business premises after 6.00 p.m. as was the case during the first 14 days of the lockdown which ends today. The decision is in view of the increasing cases of coronavirus in the country and the need to do a thorough contact tracing on the three cases, already recorded in Delta State. The governor made the announcement on Tuesday in a statewide broadcast in Asaba, the state capital. As a result, Okowa has directed the Commissioner of Police, Delta State command, Mr Hafiz Inuwa, to ensure strict enforcement of the lockdown and curfew. He said temporary food markets opened in designated primary schools and open spaces across the local government areas of the state would now operate only on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays with strict compliance with social distancing. He further advised local government chairmen to open more of the markets to meet the food needs of the people. The governor thanked Deltans who obeyed the initial sit-at-home order which lasted from April 1 to April 14, and solicited greater cooperation of the people in the next 14 days to guarantee effective control of the spread of COVID–19 in the state. Okowa commended health workers in the state for their uncommon dedication to duty in the current fight against the coronavirus, assuring that an appropriate remuneration was being packaged for them. He urged security agents at the check points to treat health workers with courtesy upon presentation of their identity cards to enable them attend to their patients. Governor Okowa also announced that face masks were being produced in large quantities for distribution to the people freely within the next one week.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story