In line with the recommendations of the National Universities Commission (NUC), the Senate of Ajayi Crowther University, Oyo, has approved the unbundling of its Department of Communication and Media Studies. The Senate took the decision at a meeting held online and hosted from the Vice-Chancellor’s office last Tuesday. It was disclosed that the Department would now be broken into Department of Journalism and Media Studies, Department of Broadcasting and Media Studies and Department of Public Relations and Advertising. However, at the meeting, the Vice-Chancellor, Rt. Rev. Professor Dapo F. Asaju,  assured staff of the University that he would ensure that that the institution continues to pay their salaries in spite of the lockdown and restriction of movements occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic. The Vice-Chancellor also told lecturers to continue to engage students online. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead
Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks
Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses
DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story COVID-19 Responses Must Be Built On Human Solidarity — ILO Tells World Bank, IMF
The Director-General of the International Labour Organization (ILO), Guy Ryder, has called for an immediate human-centred response through global solidarity to the COVID-19 pandemic. In his submissions to the Spring Meetings of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank (WB), the ILO Director-General… Read full story Abia Confirms Two Cases Of Coronavirus
Abia State Government has recorded two confirmed cases of coronavirus. This is the first index case the state is recording since the novel coronavirus was first confirmed in Nigeria. In a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, on Monday night, said both patients are advanced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Lockdown: FG/Rivers Tango Over Caverton Helicopters
Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, recently ordered the arrest of two pilots of Caverton Helicopters and 10 passengers. The arrest was made because Caverton Helicopters had on more than one occasion allegedly violated the governor’s executive order on the ongoing coronavirus lockdown in the state… Read full story