As a result of the ongoing disruptions caused by the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has predicted that the Nigerian economy will witness negative Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth of -3.4 per cent in 2020, after growing 2.2 per cent in 2019. The Chief Economist and Director of the Research Department, IMF, Gita Gopinath, said this during an online press conference on the latest World Economic Outlook (WEO) released Tuesday, at the ongoing virtual Spring Meetings of the IMF/World Bank in Washington DC. The Bretton Wood’s Institution had in February reviewed its projected GDP for Nigeria from 2.5 per cent to 2 per cent in 2020. It initially attributed the forecast to the expected fall in revenue of the nation, which was connected to a fall in oil prices due to the outbreak of coronavirus, and the country’s inflation rate that is expected to rise. Nigeria and other African governments imposed lockdowns and curfews to curb the spread of the coronavirus, but the restrictions are putting pressure on most economies — some of which were already in recession. The IMF and the World Bank – which has also projected a recession for sub-Saharan Africa in 2020 – are racing to provide emergency funds to African countries and others to combat the coronavirus and mitigate the impact of sweeping shutdowns aiming at curbing its spread. According to Gopinath, sub-Saharan Africa was also projected to record negative GDP growth of -1.6 per cent, with GDP growth in the continent’s second-largest economy, South Africa, also expected to weaken to -5.8 per cent. South Africa entered a recession in the final quarter of last year as power cuts by state utility Eskom took a toll on the economy, while public finances were strained by bailouts to struggling state firms. The country imposed some of the toughest restrictions on the continent to contain the coronavirus, including a five-week lockdown to the end of April. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Not On IMF’s Debt Service Relief List The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday announced debt service relief to 25 countries most of them in Africa to cushion the effects of COVID-19. Nigeria is not on the list. A statement issued by Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which contained… Read full story I Made Bombs, Detonated Them As Student —Olunloyo One feels sad that the nation should be in this situation. There are three stages in the life of a man. When he is born, he is there but he doesn’t know anything that is going on. When he is dead, he is there probably he doesn’t know what is going on. And then, in the middle period, it may be in the marriage, in the school… Read full story Centuries After Jalumi War, Osun’s River Otin Still Seeking Government Attention Whether a visitor is entering Inisa in Osun State from Kwara State or Osogbo, accessing River Otin, from which the local government council name is conspicuous, and commercial motorcycle operators are stationed at the entrance of the town on the highway, always ready to guide visitors’ movement… Read full story Claims Of Laying 5G Fibre Optic Cables In Lagos, Others Misleading —DEMS Volunteers Digital Economy Media Support Volunteers’ (DEMS Volunteers’), a non-governmental advocacy group of media and telecoms practitioners creating awareness on digital economy, has described it as strange, the recent social media onslaught on the telecommunications infrastructure deployment in parts of Lagos… Read full story The Corona Laws (III) Against all odds, the COVID 19 lockdown now seems to have been extended indefinitely by the President, without first codifying the process of its enforcement, from the many suggestions proffered from various quarters. The truth is that when a policy is impracticable, even though it may be desirable and expedient… Read full story Impact Of COVID-19 On Nigerian Oil, Gas Sector BY December 31, 2019, Brent crude averaged $60 per barrel; members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries with allies (OPEC+) were on 2.1 million barrels per day (mbpd) cut to help steady prices. The arrangement was in place until March 2020 when the first OPEC meeting heads… Read full story Maize Shortage Looms Over Coronavirus Lockdown Nigeria will experience maize shortage if the lockdown occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic continues. The Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) said it became necessary to alert the Federal Government as maize farmers are unable to access their farms due to the lockdown as well as unavailability of inputs… Read full story EDITORIAL: Akure Explosion: Matters Arising TWO weeks after the explosion that rocked Akure, the Ondo State capital, on Saturday March 28, Nigerians are still largely in the dark regarding the circumstances surrounding the incident. During the explosion which birthed series of conspiracy theories, including a possible attack by the terror group, Boko Haram… Read full story