 THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it has been able to leverage on technology to resolve over 4,000 cases, including the just concluded Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME), despite the COVID-19 lockdown. This, it said, was made possible through the establishment of a ticketing platform to address candidates’ enquiries. “Over 4,000 cases have been resolved without any physical contact between staff and candidates,” the board said in its Weekly Bulletin obtained in Abuja. The introduction of the ticketing system in 2018 by the registrar of JAMB, Professor Ishaq Oloyede, was to address the challenge of candidates crowding the board’s office, engender transparency by way of tracking complaints, provide conducive atmosphere for candidates seeking corrections or amendments of data and, above all, ensure that genuine and necessary feedback is easily obtained from candidates for planning. Before the ticketing regime, candidates had to throng the offices of JAMB for almost all complaints while some sent letters which might not get to the board. With the ticketing system, however, all a complainant or enquirer needs do is to visit support.jamb.gov.ng to state his or her complaints and a number is assigned to him or her for ease of tracking of the complaint in case the issue is not addressed at all, or addressed unsatisfactorily. JAMB disclosed that the platform aids safety of parties as it conforms to the social distancing protocols demanded by the COVID-19 pandemic. “It creates transparency and provides the board the opportunity to track not only the official that resolved the complaint but also the time taken to do so. In addition, the system is provisioned with a reporting or alarm system that alerts the registrar/chief executive as to the status of any ticket raised and the action taken on it as well as the actors involved. “It is highly gratifying to note that within the few days of the lockdown, over 4000 cases have been successfully resolved with each being resolved within 24 hours of receipt of such complaint or enquiry. This is because the staff of the board are working from home to address all the needs of candidates as and when due,” JAMB said. As stated in the WeeklyBulletin, some of the complaints or enquiries received through the ticketing platform ranged from those asking as to when candidates are to start printing their original results slips to steps for changing programmes and institutions, among others. The board, however, explained that the facility for change of programmes or institutions has been activated while results are also ready for printing, but said these processes have been put on hold because the presidential directive mandating citizens to stay at home is still in force. “As soon as the COVID-19 pandemic is over, the printing of results will be enabled,” it said. JAMB further said: “Candidates are urged to visit the board’s website for all processes that do not require biometric verification. In this regard, they are to wait for the lifting of the restrictions on movement and social interactions to undertake those processes requiring biometric verification. “In addition, the board has noted that some candidates have been offered admissions but are yet to accept or reject such offers. Consequently, candidates are advised to download the Central Admission Processing System (CAPS) Mobile App Store on Android Playstore, Apple Store, among others, to check their admissions status and to do the needful.”   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story