Dr Adedayo Williams, the President of Association of Resident Doctors (ARD) in University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, has tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Williams disclosed this in a WhatsApp message he sent to his colleagues and obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday. ‌The UCH spokesperson, Mr Toye Akinrinlola, also confirmed the news of the positive test of President of the UCH resident doctors in a phone chat with NAN. “Good afternoon, dear colleagues and friends. “Having been on the field caring for others, I thought it wise to subject myself to a voluntary screening for COVID-19. “The result turned out to be positive on Saturday evening, April 18. “I presently do not have any symptom and I am currently on self-isolation, awaiting a repeat test. “I implore everyone I have had contact with recently to immediately go on self-isolation pending the time they will be tested. “Those concerned should also properly inform their Heads of Department. “I strongly advise every healthcare worker to always take precautionary measures as COVID-19 is real and spreads fast, even though some persons infected are asymptomatic. “Please stay safe always. Thank you,” Williams said in his message. NAN recalls that UCH had in March suspended part of its outpatient services to reduce the risk of Coronavirus epidemic within the hospital community.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article