A United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) Licensed Flight Dispatcher and Ground Instructor , Mrs Victoria Jumoke Adegbe, has prescribed recovery for indigenous airlines as global aviation navigates its way out of COVID-19. Specifically, while canvassing conversion of passenger aircraft into cargo operations, she said such aircraft could optimise opportunities available for freight of medical supplies, agricultural supplies and other essential cargo. Adegbe, who is also the Chief Executive Officer of Insel Networks Limited, an aviation consulting firm, further urged government to consider direct financial support to indigenous carriers to compensate for reduced revenues and liquidity attributable to travel restrictions imposed as a result of COVID-19. She said while many domestic carriers were hanging being the thread prior to COVID-19 with large percentage of their earnings gulped by expenditure on aviation fuel, aircraft maintenance, aircraft lease payments, aeronautical charges , personnel emoluments and sundry charges, continued lockdown occasioned by coronaVirus has exacerbated the woes of indigenous airlines. According to Adegbe, many Nigerian carriers were showing suicidal symptoms as some of them could barely meet their obligation amid declaration by a particular carrier that it would not pay its workers salaries during the period of the lockdown. Citing reports from International Air Transport Association (IATA), she said Nigerian carriers have so far lost over $760 million warranting calls for direct financial support to passenger and cargo carriers to compensate for reduced revenues and liquidity attributable to travel restrictions imposed as a result of covid-19. Her words:”Loans, loan guarantees and support for the corporate bond market by governments or central bank could come in handy at this challenging time. Also, rebates on payroll taxes paid to date in 2020 and/or an extension of payment terms for the rest of 2020, along with a temporary waiver of ticket taxes and other government-imposed levies. So here are my suggestions to help you stay afloat as an airline operator. “Convert some of your passenger aircraft for cargo operations. You could transport medical supplies, agricultural products and other forms of freight. The cost of freight forwarding has more than tripled since COVID-19 so you might want to take advantage of that. A number of international airlines such as American Airlines, Korean Air and Cathay Pacific has already started using some of their passenger aircraft for cargo. “More than ever before, your Flight Dispatchers can actually come to your rescue. They work in your Operations Control. They are trained to help you. They know how to analyse scenarios, increase profitability and efficiency in the airlines without jeopardising safety. While everyone is making serious adjustments to their lifestyle, she however called on the government to critically consider burning the plastic trays used at airport security screening points suggesting this will definitely help curb the rate of spread of the virus during flights.”  uhari Signs Proclamation Order On COVID-19 Management
President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday signed the Proclamation Order on the General Management of COVID-19 in Lagos, Ogun, Kano, the Federal Capital Territory and other states in Nigeria. It is in line with the measures outlined in his nationwide broadcast on Monday night on the containment of the virus… Read full story Face Masks Made Of Clothes, Papers Only Reduce, Can’t Prevent COVID-19 Spread, Says NAFDAC Boss
THE National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday said that the use of non-medical face masks, which include self-made or commercial masks or face covers made of clothes only reduce and not prevent spread of the coronavirus disease… Read full story Coronavirus: Top NYC Doctor Kills Herself
A top New York City doctor who was on the front line of the US fight against coronavirus has killed herself. According to BBC, Dr Lorna Breen, who was medical director of the emergency department at New York-Presbyterian Allen Hospital in Manhattan, died of self-inflicted injuries on Sunday, police said… Read full story What Buhari Told Nigerians
President Buhari in his address highlighted some of the new measures on the relaxation of lockdown. They are: a. Selected businesses and offices can open from 9am to 6pm; b. There will be an overnight curfew from 8pm to 6am. This means all movements will be prohibited during this period except essential services;… Read full story Oil Spill: Ondo Communities Lament Losses As Farmlands, Rivers Get Polluted
That cold morning, Samuel Oriade set out to the river as usual for his fishing business, only to discover that the whole river and adjoining lands in the community had been polluted by what appeared to be an oil spill later discovered to have been caused by an alleged equipment failure in a facility of an oil company in the… Read full story How COVID-19 Pandemic Has Slowed Down NASS
FINALLY, the National Assembly is set to hold an emergency plenary today, April 28, 2020 specifically to give accelerated consideration of the request by President Muhammadu Buhari for the passage of the N500 billion intervention fund, as well as an approval for the utilisation of over N100 billion… Read full story CBN Lifts Suspension On Cheque Clearing
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday lifted the suspension placed on interbank cheque clearing. The new order comes into effect as from Tuesday. This first indication of the lift of the suspension was given during a press briefing addressed by chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Mr Boss Mustapha… Read full story COVID-19: Fayemi Extends Lockdown In Ekiti By Six Days, Relaxes Sit-At-Home Order For 3 Days Weekly
Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has extended the current lockdown in the state for six days till Sunday, May 3, 2020. The governor said that the lockdown declared since March 29 will now be relaxed from Monday, May 4 and allows for limited activities for three days in the week which are, Mondays… Read full story Borno Govt Confirms Shehu Of Bama’s Demise
Borno State Government has confirmed the death of His Highness, the Shehu of Bama, Kyari Ibn Umar Elkanemi, who passed on Monday afternoon in Maiduguri. He died in his mid-60s. Commissioner for Home Affairs, Information and Culture, Babakura Abba Jato took advantage of a routine media briefing usually held… Read full story What Exactly Held Abba Kyari Back?
A few days ago, the remains of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, were committed to mother earth and as expected after the demise of a public figure, the torrents of eulogies from both high and low ranked officials, friends and allies to ordinary members of the society have been overwhelming, with some measuring in… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!