Twenty seven commercial motorcycle riders popularly known as okada riders who left Nigeria and took illegal routes to Ghana were on Friday, April 3, arrested and paraded by the Ghanaian policemen. The okada riders were said to have decided to leave Lagos State following the ban on okada riding in the state and the current lockdown imposed by the Federal Government and Lagos State government. According to Ghanaweb, a Ghanaian online news agency, the men were arrested at the border town of Ketu South after they had entered the country through the illegal routes. When questioned, the men said they were okada riders in Nigeria but due to their inability to do their job, they decided to move to Ghana to ply their trade as they were on their way to Aflao in the Volta region to do okada business. Head of the police in Ketu South, Elliot Agbenorwu, says the 27 men are currently being questioned and after all necessary interrogations are done, they will be sent back to Nigeria. The Ghana Immigration Service recently disclosed that some Ghanaians are helping foreigners to enter the country through illegal routes. “We have noted especially at the Afloa border stretch various attempts by individuals both foreigners and Ghanaians to enter illegally. They have been intercepted by the border patrol…” Deputy Comptroller of Immigration (DCGI) in-charge of Command Post and Operations, Mr Laud Kwesi Affrifah, said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story Nigeria Likely To Record More Cases Of Coronavirus, NCDC Says Nigeria is likely to record more cases of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), infections, as the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) progressively expands its testing capacity. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General of NCDC, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) while giving an update on COVID-19 in the country… Read full story