The Coronavirus pandemic has ravaged the world amidst concerted efforts to contain it. In Nigeria, efforts have been made to contain its spread, among which are, social distancing and the campaign to wash hands with running water and soap. People were advised to stockpile food items before the lockdown in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun states took effect. But the effectiveness of these measures and the sustainability of the lockdown exacerbated by multisectoral failures have been subjects of heated debates. 90 million Nigerians live in extreme poverty In October 2019, Nigeria’s Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Mr Sadiya Farouq said some 90 million Nigerians, more than 50 per cent of the country’s population live in abject poverty. This means that they live from hand to mouth. Most of them rely on their everyday job to eat. Recently the federal government asked Nigerians to stock up food items in preparation for the lockdown that has taken place, leaving questions as to what becomes of Nigerians with reliance on everyday job like the Bricklayers, Okada riders and petty traders. This group of Nigerians in the informal sector, Professor Adeola Adenikinju, Director, Centre for Petroleum, Energy Economics and Law, University of Ibadan, says are the worst hit by the lockdown and stay at home order. “A lot of Nigerians, especially in the informal sector are very poor, and they have to work every day to find what to eat and it is very important for the government to take cognisance of that. The implementation of the palliative measures the government has brought in is a major challenge. Over time, we have not built the database that would make Nigerians identify those who are poor. ALSO READ: COVID-19 lockdown: Okowa lauded for setting up Delta food bank “We were caught napping. We did not have fiscal buffers. Nigeria was unprepared. We have to diversify our economy from oil. The other aspects of the economy are weak and cannot provide any buffer when oil is in trouble. We also have to improve our healthcare system and build a database to know people in various income groups”, he advised. Nnamdi Obasi, Senior Adviser (Nigeria), International Crisis Group argues that the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria may not be as effective as desired. The high rate of poverty, he said, as well as other systemic issues will limit its success. “Nigeria’s COVID-19 fight is challenged by serious deficits in all sectors: ‘stock up’, but 90 million Nigerians live from hand to mouth”, he said. For Professor Emmanuel Ofoezie, Director, Institute of Ecology and Environmental Studies, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, discomfort and friction are some of the effects on people staying together in overcrowded rooms and slums. Also, there is a high risk of contagion and community spread in such environments, hence the need for people to stay at home and endure the discomfort. Prof Ofoezie told Nigerian Tribune that enduring the discomfort at home is cheaper than contracting it outside and spreading it to vulnerable households. 60 million Nigerians lack access to clean water amidst clamour for hand washing In the heart of the directive to always wash hands with running water and soap for about 20 seconds is access to clean water. This access, the World Bank says, is a luxury many Nigerians cannot afford. It says some 60 million people continue to live without access to clean water, while 130 million people do not meet the Millennium Development Goal (MDG) standards for sanitation. What this shows is that 33 per cent of the population or 3 out of every 10 persons in Nigeria do not have access to clean water. Temple Oraeki, Nigeria Country Director, Hope Spring Water Charity Foundation, while speaking to Nigerian Tribune, said the issue of water supply should be urgently attended to as communities and slums without access to water, stand a high risk of not being able to contain the virus when it hits them. “Lack of access to clean water and sanitation facilities in Nigeria especially in rural, underserved communities have had ripple effects on the health, economy and wellbeing of the individuals and families in these communities over a prolonged period of time.” He further informed that “though cities and urban slums across Nigeria are not exempted from the water poverty, rural dwellers will bear the most effects of the inadequacy of clean water supply during this pandemic. If people do not have easy access to water at homes, enforcing shelter-in-place order would be homicidal and implementing social distancing will be almost impracticable”. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story No Going Back On Inviting Chinese Doctors, But They Won’t Have Contacts With Patients, Says FG Despite opposing the idea by many Nigerians, including the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and the Nigerian Association of Resident… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Ready To Accept Chinese Molecular Biologists, Logisticians, Not Doctors — Prof. Abayomi Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus pandemic, disclosing that… Read full story COVID-19: Chinese Doctors Must Be Quarantined For 14 Days, Follow Immigration Laws ? Gbajabiamila The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday said that Chinese doctors coming to Nigeria to assist in… Read full story FG, States, Councils To Share $150m From Stabilisation Fund • As states get debt, interest moratorium FG, CBN loans With monthly federation account receipts projected to fall below N400 billion because of coronavirus pandemic and fallen price of crude oil… Read full story Inside 56-Year-Old Ogbomoso Waterworks Begging For Government Attention On October 10, 1964, almost 56 years ago, the then Premier of the old Western Region, Chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola, inaugurated the Ogbomoso Waterworks Project on Yaku land in Ogbomoso North Local Government Area of Oyo State. The project, as one of the legacies of the old Western Region, greatly served… Read full article African Development Bank Gets Acting Director Of Communication And External Relations The African Development Bank Group has announced the appointment of Mrs. Nafissatou N’diaye Diouf as the acting Director for Communications and External Relations effective 1 April 2020… Read full story