The Oyo State Administration of Criminal Justice Law Monitoring Committee met in Ibadan on Monday to work out modalities to decongest prisons in the state. This is in line with efforts to curb the spread of coronavirus across various sectors in the country and in line with the Federal Government’s advice that each state should work with stakeholders in the judiciary to decongest custodial centres in order to protect inmates from getting infected. The meeting which was led by the Chief Judge of Oyo State, Justice Munta Abimbola and had critical stakeholders in attendance was to chart a course of decongesting custodial services in the state without unleashing mayhem on the society in view of the rise in criminal activities in the state in recent times. During the meeting which held at the High Court Complex, Ring Road in Ibadan, Justice Abimbola released seven inmates who have terminal ailments and have spent up to 10 years behind bars to enable them to take adequate care of their health as the prison at present does not allow movement of anyone in to or outside its premises. The committee were of the opinion that while trying to protect inmates at the custodial service from getting infected due to the difficulty of maintaining social distancing in confined spaces, the recent spoke in crime rate must also be considered so that those that will be released will not be those that will go back to society to commit other crimes especially since justice is on a tripod stand. Consequently, the committee members agreed to study the list presented well before taking further actions with a consensus that the process will be done without any form of delay Speaking on the purpose and decisions agreed on at the meeting, Justice Abimbola stated that, “as a result of the directive that we should go and decongest the prisons and in view of the increase in crime rate in the society, we feel that the Administration Of Criminal Justice Monitoring Committee should sit in conjunction with all other stakeholders; that is the police, prosecutors, Director of Public Prosecution and other stakeholders and see what we can do. There are some alternative mechanisms we can put in place to decongest prisons rather than going to physically release. That’s what we have done. “But there are those that are terminally ill and it is not appropriate for us to expect that a dead person can be prosecuted, so we released about five upon consensus from all of us and upon being shown that they cannot be treated at the custodial centres and we have opinion of the custodial service physicians. We looked into it and on compassionate ground, we felt those five should be released. The others we will still have meetings over it and discuss because we have a duty to ensure that the society is safe,” the chief judge said. Also speaking, the Comptroller, Nigerian Correctional Service, Oyo State Command, Mr Tosin Akinrojomu said the service had put in place measures to prevent outbreak of the disease at all its centres, adding that the welfare of every inmate is taken as a priority. “We have medical personnel at all correctional centres and they are taking good care of inmates but some illnesses are terminal in nature, that is why the CJ is using his good offices to release those that have terminal illnesses, some have them have spent up to 10 years in custody. This opportunity is giving them a second chance to reconsider, live a good life, take adequate care of their health and turn new leaves. “The state government gave us maximum support, provided us with water storage facilities, sanitisers, soap, disinfectant and what we need to protect the inmates from getting infected. And because we are sure those inside are not infected nor showing any sign of infection, we have stopped taking in anyone from outside and the staff that come in to take care of them are taking maximum –preventive measures so they don’t bring in infection,” he said. He explained further that while crime rate is growing on geometric progression, building of correctional facilities is on arithmetic progression, adding that it is his belief that by the time the Maximum Correctional Centre being built at Olomi is completed, the level of congestion will be reduced in Oyo and Agodi correctional facilities. Other participants at the meeting include chairmen of Nigerian Bar Association in Ibadan, Saki, Oyo, and Ogbomosho, Officer in Charge of Legal matters in Oyo State command of the police, Director of Public Prosecution in Oyo State and judiciary reporters. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article Escaping The Cult Of The Toxic Ninja I have often said that there are no dead-end jobs, only dead-end people. They are inimical to the progress of any organization, family or establishment. They are always the high-maintenance types in any relational engagement. The emotional capital that it costs to work with them is invaluable. If you work with them… Read full article Review Of Yossi Sheffi’s The Power Of Resilience The author, Yossi Sheffi, is a well-known thought leader who has authored a number of previous books including: The Resilient Enterprise: Overcoming Vulnerability for Competitive Advantage and Logistics Clusters: Delivering Value and Driving Growth… Read full article COVID-19: Place Of NIMC In Access To Social Security/Palliatives In Nigeria The coronavirus pandemic across the world has again shown the abilities or otherwise of countries of the world to rise to the challenge of providing succour to their citizens in the face of the socio economic crises that came along with the global health imbroglio… Read full article 6 Leadership Principles To Guide You During Crisis The COVID-19 crisis has fueled what uncertainty means with fresh perspectives around readiness and preparedness. This moment has elevated the importance of leading with a crisis aware state of mind. Especially when you consider that we are headed into accelerated change and uncertainty that will remain constant… Read full article United States Health And Humanitarian Aid THE story of U.S. leadership in the global battle against Covid-19 is a story of days, months, and decades. Every day, new U.S. technical and material assistance arrives in hospitals and labs around the world. These efforts, in turn, build on a decades-long foundation of American expertise, generosity, and planning that is… Read full article Kyari In The Lens Of Statesmen, Politicians THE sun set for Mallam Abba Kyari, the Chief of Staff (CoS) to the President, on Friday on earth. His exit was a dramatic end to a life that conjured different images to different quarters since he assumed office in 2015. It is evident from the perception of his principal, President Muhammadu Buhari, that a lot of people misunderstood… Read full article Between Coronavirus And The Original Repentance We Need The world is going through one of the most trying times in history. With humans streaming to graves in thousands across the world on a daily basis because a stubborn and deadly virus is bent on mercilessly decimating the population of the world, panic has become an unwanted companion. Indeed, nothing evokes fear across… Read full article