The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State has charged Governor Seyi Makinde to shun disparaging the efforts of the Federal Government in curtailing the spread of COVID-19, but rather focus on making concerted efforts aimed at preventing further spread of the virus in the state. Apparently referring to Makinde’s critique of the Conditional Cash Transfer programme of the Federal Government, the Oyo APC said it was imperative for the Makinde government to synergise and be a team player with the federal government in the interest of the citizens of the state. As contained in a statement by the party’s Assistant Publicity Secretary, Prince Ayobami Adejumo, the Oyo APC said the relative curtailment of COVID-19 in the country was not unconnected with proactive measures by the federal government and some state governments. Rather than lampoon the Federal Government, the APC said it was imperative for the Makinde government to raise its game, implement measures, fix facilities that will enable the state to surmount a spread of coronavirus in the state. “This is not the best time to apportion blame to the federal government or the immediate past APC administration of Senator Abiola Ajimobi over the inability to put in place the right facilities, formulate correct policies and rise up to the challenges posed by COVID-19 in the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lateef Fagbemi gives N20,000 each to 250 young lawyers in Ibadan as palliative “It was Senator Abiola Ajimobi who built facilities in Olodo, Jericho and few other places across the state being readied for the treatment of coronavirus patients but Governor Makinde chooses not to acknowledge this for reasons best known to him. “The same governor who finds it extremely difficult to synergise with the Federal Government and its relevant agencies on the need to attract the right attention to Oyo State with nine established cases amidst a population of about more than nine million people takes delight in disparaging President Buhari’s various Special Intervention Programmes (SIPs). “This is rather unfortunate as we call on well-meaning indigenes of the state to talk to Gov Makinde on the need to be a good team player. “We are not disputing the fact that much still needed to be done to align with the rest of the world in the quest to completely defeat coronavirus and it is on this premise that we are calling for more concerted efforts from Oyo State government of Gov Seyi Makinde to raise its game and ensure that no stone is unturned in the bid protect the people of the state from further spread,” the statement read. The party further tasked citizens to adhere to social distancing, keep good hygiene and other measures stipulated by the World Health Organisation (WHO) and National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). This is as it asked well-meaning citizens to continue to donate towards the provision of relief materials for residents of the state. “As the whole world looks towards a complete eradication of Coronavirus, we as a progressive political party urges more caution while we appeal for people to avoid any activity capable of increasing its spread. Strict adherence to measures put in place by the World Health Organisation (WHO), National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the state government must be prioritized by all and sundry. “Lastly, more affluent individuals and corporate organizations should come to the aid of the masses in terms of provision of aids and relief materials for obvious reasons,” the statement further read. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE