In a bid to relieve hardship on the people during the coronavirus pandemic lockdown, house of representative aspirant during the 2019 election Hon. Kehinde Ayodeji Bello has donated food items to the people of Ijebu East Local Government in Ogun State. While Speaking on the reason behind his gesture, Hon Bello reiterated that he believes to always support the people at the time of need. Bello added that the spirit of cheerful giving and societal support was inculcated in him by his father M. A Bello, a distinguished politician in his days who deeply inspired and influenced his wards and many others who looked up to him as a role model. It would be recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari had on Sunday, in a nationwide broadcast, announced the cessation of movement in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States for 14 days as part of measures to curb the spread of coronavirus pandemic. ALSO READ: Letters of apology signed by Naira Marley and Babatunde Gbadamosi to Lagos State government COVID-19: Dabiri Urges Nigerians Thrown Out Of Chinese Hotels To Report To Embassy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nigerians in Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has called on Nigerians thrown out of their hotels in Guangzhou China, to report themselves to the Nigerian Consulate in the Asian country for proper documentation and further actions… Read full story COVID-19: FG Fails To Suspend Lockdown Policy As Christians Celebrate Easter Federal Government on Thursday said it has no plan to suspend the lockdown policy as Christians throughout the Easter celebration scheduled to hold from Friday, April 10 to Monday, April 13, 2020… Read full story Easter: Wike Relaxes Restrictions On Religious Gatherings The Rivers State government has temporarily relaxed the restrictions on large religious gatherings to enable Christians to carry out their religious obligations during the Easter period… Read full story COVID-19: Sokoto Extends Border Closure By Two Weeks Sokoto State government has announced the extension of restriction of movement beyond the border post by an additional two weeks with immediate effect. This was disclosed to journalists immediately after a stakeholders’ meeting on the coronavirus in the state headed by Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal at the Government House… Read full story FG To Liaise With British Airways On Evacuation Of Over 500 Nigerians In US, UK, Others Federal Government on Thursday expressed its readiness to liaise with British Airways on the evacuation of over 500 Nigerians living in the United States and the United Kingdom who have expressed interest to return to Nigeria… Read full story COVID-19: We Are In Touch With Nigerians Abroad ― Foreign Affairs Minister Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Geoffrey Onyeama has said that his office has been in constant touch with Nigerians resident in other countries through the diplomatic missions… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE