Professor of Environmental Health Sciences, Godson Ana, has said that the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic calls for more awareness to be provided in local languages. Speaking at a press conference in Ibadan, Oyo State, Professor Ana, also said that there was the need for the private sector organisations to support government’s efforts in curtailing the virus. Ana who is the founder of Child Health Environment and Safety Trust (CHEST), a non-governmental organisation with a vision to raise future leaders for a cleaner, safer and healthier world, said that “What I will suggest on behalf of the organisation is that we need to step up more awareness creation with a lot of information reaching the people in vernacular, using our native languages. “We must increase efforts of engaging the private sector to also be supportive. What the private sector is currently doing is not enough. “We want to appreciate what some of them have been doing so far. But a lot still needs to be done to complement the efforts of the government especially in the area of providing sanitisers and hand-washing facilities for people that can’t afford them and in public places. “There is a need to step up actions on personal protective equipment especially while handling and going into public places. Some of these materials are in short supply. And that is why we are calling on other spirited members of the public and private sector to complement the efforts of the government in making sure that these materials are adequately supplied. “We need to look at post-COVID-19 in term of environmental stewardship.  The panacea to this is to sustain the hygienic culture at all levels. Let’s make sure that the children imbibe this hygiene and sanitization culture. Beyond COVID-19, we need to sustain the culture and advocate that. “What is required is to have facilities for detention. All hands must be on deck. It is not the fight for the government alone. That is why the private sector must join the efforts. We must make efforts to minimize the spread. What the private sector us doing is not enough. More still need to be done to complement government efforts.” On the part of CHEST, the professor said, “We are doing this to see how we can join others and see how we can contribute to the curtailment of COVID-19. Part of our palliatives is that we are producing hand sanitisers at a subsidised rate.”  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation Worshippers at Agege Central Mosque who on Wednesday allegedly attacked agents of Lagos State government, enforcing the on-going presidential lockdown, have been roundly condemned by senior government officials. The alleged infraction has also been widely condemned on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Residents Raise Questions As Makinde Says Total Lockdown Last Resort •As state allocates N500million for testing kits, receives N100 million from donors With the number of COVID-19 cases in neighbouring Osun State rising to 14, residents of Oyo State have begun to raise questions about Governor Seyi Makinde’s stance to only subscribe to a total lockdown of the state as a last resort. Making reference to the fact that the positive COVID-19 cases were returnees from… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: Presidency Attacks Soyinka, Says He Is Fiction Writer, Not Medical Professor The presidency, on Wednesday, attackedd Nobel laureate, Prof Wole Soyinka, over his stance against the 14-day lockdown ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari, saying that he is not an expert in that area. A statement issued by Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), Garba Shehu, in Abuja, observed… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (2) LAST week, I commenced a discussion on the concept of traditional rulership in the pre-colonial and colonial Nigeria, the legitimacy of, and the socio-economic cum political weight of traditional rulers and the dwindled relevance of monarchs and traditional chiefs in the colonial political domain… Read full article Our Plants Are Enough To Permanently Cure Coronavirus —Adeniji The problem of coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, is escalating every day. Here in Oyo State, Governor Seyi Makinde tested positive. As a renowned plant pathologist with over 50 years experience, what… Read full interview Expect Locally Made COVID-19 Test Kit Soon —Salako, NIMR, DG There is still much for medical experts to learn about COVID-19 and its challenges. In this interview by SADE OGUNTOLA, director-general, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Lagos, Professor Babatunde Salako, speaks on what the institution is doing in its fight against the pandemic… Read the full interview Enhancing Emotional Well-Being Of Children During COVID-19 MUSA and Obinna are both 10-year-old and good friends who live in the same neighbourhood. They were about writing the second term exams in school when schools were shut and they were sent home, all because … Read full article EDITORIAL: FG’s Restriction On Press Corps TWO distinct things that happened in quick succession in the country recently signalled the continued threat to press freedom and the survival of the media in Nigeria. One was the action by the Presidency in restricting the number of media houses covering Aso Rock. The second was the disruption by soldiers of the circulation… Read full article