Following the expiration of total lockdown declared by Plateau State Government to prevent the spread of COVID-19 into the state, Governor Simon Lalong has extended the total lockdown to 12 midnight of Thursday 23rd April 2020 to meet the medically stipulated quarantine period of 14 days. Even as Governor Lalong announced the establishment of a testing centre for COVID-19 at the National Veterinary Research Institute, Vom, Plateau State The governor in a broadcast to the state on Wednesday said beginning from 11 pm on Wednesday 15th April 2020, to 12 am on Sunday 19th April 2020, the total lockdown will be relaxed to enable people to go out to restock their homes. According to him, by implication, the earlier restriction prior to the total lockdown remains adding that all other markets remain closed except those selling food items, pharmaceuticals and cooking gas. “In addition, all illegal street trading, street hawking, and begging are prohibited. The illegal Sunday markets on Ahmadu Bello Way, Bukuru and environs remain banned. Social joints, nightclubs, drinking parlours are to remain closed, while restaurants are advised to prepare to take away for their customers to avoid crowding.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: Pathologists allege political, commercial experts of hijacking duties He added that motor parks are to capture and keep data including contacts of all inbound and outbound passengers as well as adhere strictly to social distancing and mass gathering prohibition order as well as hygiene regulations. He said: “Places of worship are to strictly adhere to the 50 persons provision while maintaining social distancing and hygiene regulations. The ban on all anniversaries and cultural festivals remains in force. All entry and exit borders into the State will remain closed with greater reinforcement and CCTV surveillance to ensure total compliance” Governor Lalong threatened that anybody who violates this border closure and comes into Plateau will be arrested, prosecuted and quarantined for 14 days until it is confirmed that he/she is free of the disease. He, therefore, exempted farmers particularly in the rural areas from the restrictions adding that they were required to go to their farms now that the rains have started but must observe all guidelines for social distancing and hygiene. The governor further announced the establishment of COVID-19 Testing Centre for Plateau State at the Bio-Safety Level 3 Grade 1 Laboratory at the National Veterinary Research Institute (NVRI) Vom adding that it has been equipped and certified by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to begin outright test for COVID-19. “I was at the NVRI earlier today to inspect the laboratory and I must say that I am impressed with the standard of facilities and staff available. This centre, which has the capacity to test over one thousand samples per day, will assist us to test more people and serve other neighbouring States. “In addition to the purchase of ventilators, our homegrown innovator Engr. Jerry Mallo, who was earlier mandated to fabricate ventilators, has come up with a product, which is being tested by health experts for possible deployment as the need arises” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story COVID-19: LASACO Gives N1 Billion Free Insurance Cover To Health Workers In Osun As part of its contributions to the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, LASACO Assurance Plc has provided N1 billion free insurance cover to health workers in Osun State. About 200 frontline health workers involved in the containment of the disease in the state will now enjoy insurance cover to the tune of… Read full story Kano Governor Declares One Week Lockdown As State Records Fourth Coronavirus Case Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has declared a lockdown from Thursday for one week in an effort to curb spread of coronavirus which on Tuesday recorded its fourth case. During the period, there will be no movement in the state and the security agencies have been ordered to arrest anyone violating this order… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Fire In AGF’s Office LAST Wednesday’s fire outbreak at the Treasury House, a building housing the office of the Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), has understandably triggered controversy. The office is home to the records of revenue generation and disbursements among the three tiers of governments. It archives the government’s fiscal… Read full article Nigeria, Others Consider Clean Energy As Nuclear Interest Rises NIGERIA alongside other African nations are considering a shift to an unexpected power source especially nuclear energy as many face power shortfalls while demands for greener energy and drought threaten hydropower. South Africa has the continent’s only commercial nuclear power plant, but according to the… Read full article Today’s Woman And Feminism In this millennium, there has been an increase in the campaign and advocacy for enforcement of women’s rights and a reorientation that women’s rights are human rights. Indeed, more women across the world are running campaigns, organising and working together or individually to advocate and ensure an improvement… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE