Succour may be on the way for victims of Wednesday’s fire disaster in Ibadan, as the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and Governor Seyi Makinde gave assurances of assistance on Thursday. This assurance came when both Makinde and South-West director, NEMA, Slaku Luggard, paid an on-the-spot assessment visit to the scene of the Dugbe Alawo fire incident. Fridges, mattresses, beddings, bags, shoes, electronics and various wares were burnt in the inferno which torched about 20 shops. Speaking after looking at the damage, Makinde said though the state is facing the challenge of fighting COVID-19, the government will still come in with a necessary intervention. While sympathising with the victims, he said the state would be looking at establishing an emergency endowment fund for management of disasters. In his own remarks, the NEMA Director, Luggard said the agency was gathering information on the extent of damage from the fire incident for onward transmission to NEMA headquarters. Upon receipt of the report at NEMA headquarters in Abuja, Luggard said the Federal Government was expected to provide some assistance to the victims. One of the victims of the incident, Mr Dapo Davies averred that the government’s assistance will go a long way in helping them to come back from the loss. He recounted that the inferno brought down a business he had grown for thirty years. IGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Anal Sex Predisposes To Cancer, HIV Infection, Others —Experts Anal sex has been described as a prevalent practice, which consistently occurs between young couples and adolescents. According to the Centre for Disease Control “anal sex is primarily growing in popularity with couples under age 45.” Also, a national survey reportedly revealed that 36 per cent of women and 44 per cent of… Read full story Coronavirus Could Be Spreading Through Farts, Says Doctor • Experts still in doubts An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports… Read full story