The President of the National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN), Mr. Tony Agenmonmen has charged Nigerians to avail themselves of the opportunity of the Coronavirus-induced stay-at-home period, to upgrade their knowledge and learn new skills and trade. Agenmonmen, who made this charge, in a statement made available to Brands & Marketing, over the weekend, also appealed to Nigerians not to dwell too much on the negatives of the period, without taking the time to explore and exploit some of the opportunities it also provided. According to him, the period provided the opportunity for many Nigerians to go online and enroll for courses that would make them hone their skills and become better professionals by the time the health crisis is over. The NIMN boss also  appealed to Nigerians to  strictly adhere  to the various preventive measures, prescribed by medical experts and health authorities in the country, describing  such compliance  as the only way the spread of the pandemic could be effectively curbed, in this part of the globe. Agenmonmen also expressed the belief that the country has all it takes to survive the new health challenge, just as it survived the Ebola Challenge few years ago. He   however argued that such would depend on the readiness of her  citizenry to be united and be ready to dig deep into its reservoir of courage and resilience. The NIMN boss therefore counseled on the need  for every Nigerian, to  adhere strictly to the health advisory published and announced by the relevant health authorities, such as the World Health Organisation, WHO;  Federal Ministry of Health and Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC; to manage and contain the spread of the virus He also enjoined Nigerians not to be part of fake news, presently making the round on the social media, insisting that such information would only aggravate an already tense and precarious situation the country  presently finds herself. “It will be stating the obvious that the increasing cases of COVID-19 or Coronavirus infection globally, and in Nigeria in particular, is alarming. “However, this is not the time to give in to despondency, surrender to helplessness, and resign ourselves to fate. Rather, this is the period to dig deep into our reservoir of courage and resilience, and be resolute in our collective avowal to confront the monster challenge of Coronavirus pandemic. “We should adhere strictly to the health advisory published and announced by the relevant health authorities – WHO, Federal Ministry of Health and NCDC, to manage and contain the spread of the virus,” Agenmonmen stated. The nation’s number one marketer added that though the  restrictive measures, imposed by the  federal and various state governments, would, without doubt, cause great hardship and inconvenience to the people,  it however represented necessary sacrifices Nigerians had  to make in the wake of the serious challenge posed by COVID-19, he stated.  Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story We Did Not Put Ex-Presidential Aide Obono-Obla In Illegal Detention–ICPC The Independent Corrupt Practises and other related offences Commission (ICPC) has denied allegation that it put the Chairman of the defunct Special Presidential Investigation Panel, Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, in “malicious and illegal detention.” The agency said it was responding to the claim in a press statement issued on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Kaduna Govt Begins Distribution Of N500m Food Items Kaduna State government on Saturday began distribution of the N500 million worth of food items in the eight pilot local government areas of the state. The commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba disclosed this, while flagging off the distribution at Kaduna North local government which is… Read story UPDATE: Chronic Kidney Disease Killed Enugu Health Commissioner ― Family The Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, died of chronic kidney disease, the family of the late top government official has revealed. A statement signed by Dr. Kingsley Ugochukwu on-behalf of the deceased family which was made available to Tribune Online in Enugu on Saturday stating that the late… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Begins Markets Fumigation This Week Interim Chairman, Oyo State COVID-19 task force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said the state will this week decontaminate (fumigate) markets spread across the state. As contained in a statement by Chief Press Secretary to Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the decontamination would be carried out using experts… Read full stor COVID-19: Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed, Tests Negative Unconfirmed reports have it that Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has tested negative after completing the first round of treatment for COVID-19. Though the story is trending in the social media, as at the time of filing this report, no official statement from the government unlike in the past when such… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE