Some gunmen in the early hours of Friday invaded Gbayi Villa, located in Romi, Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State, killing a night guard after abducting a man and his wife. The development was happening 24 hours after three nursing mothers were kidnapped in Giwa Local Government Area of the state. An eyewitness who gave his name as Samuel Phillips revealed that the gunmen came to the house around 1:30 a.m. on Friday. “We just heard gunshots and we really did not know where the gunshots were coming. “At the end of the attack, we saw the body of a security man while the occupants of the house, a man and his wife, were kidnapped.” According to Philips residents in the area informed the police on patrol about the incident but it was gathered that the patrol team who came to the scene left because they received another distress call. The security man, it was gathered, was a student of the Federal Polytechnic, Kauran Namoda, while the abducted couple moved in the area not long ago. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Mohammed Jalinge, could not confirm the incident, saying he was yet to be briefed.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story