GOVERNOR Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State on Monday began distribution of food items worth millions of naira to People with Disabilities (PWD) in the state as part of palliative to cushion the hardship occasioned by the outbreak of coronavirus in the state. The items which included bags of “Coal City Rice” brand, maize and millet; cartons of noodles, assorted beverage drinks, tomato paste, seasonings and bottles of water are expected to reach the vulnerable across the 17 local government areas of the state. Speaking at the distribution of the food items at Obollo-Afor, headquarters of Udenu Local Government Area of the state, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Education, Dr Kingsley Udeh, said that his boss had instructed to share the relief package directly to the people. Dr Udeh who doubles as the State Focal Person for Open Government Partnership (OGP), emphasized that nobody would be allowed to receive any item by proxy. While and enumerating other clusters to include Oji River, Agbani, Udi, Awgu and Enugu City, among others, he said that the Udenu centre would cover Udenu and Igbo-Eze North clusters. “His Excellency has provided relief materials for distribution, specifically, to people with disability across the state. “We targeted PWD for this special exercise because they are the most vulnerable in the prevailing emergency situation, which is the lockdown over the coronavirus pandemic. “Many of these people survive by daily charity they receive from spirited individuals and they have now been constrained to stay at home. “But as a concerned governor and in his usual compassion, magnanimity and attentiveness to his people, His Excellency has given you relief materials and delegated me to supervise and ensure that they are judiciously shared among the real target recipients across the state,” Ude said. He further noted that several millions of naira had been spent for the outreach, adding that the greatest investment to the scheme was love. “Love is the greatest investment to this. It is compassion, emotional sensitivity and good governance, courtesy of the people’s governor, to cushion the effects of hardship on his people,” he said. The immediate-past Transition Chairman (TC) of Udenu LGA, Onyekachi Ugwu, who was on hand to receive the governor’s Aide and his team, also appreciated Ugwuanyi for remembering the less-privileged, in his usual manner, “at this Easter and during the ongoing COVID- 19 pandemic lockdown. “Our prayer is that God should continue to increase the governor in every measure – his political life and personal life; and give him long life, holistic prosperity and divine protection always,” he added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story China Imposes Restrictions On Research Into Origins Of Coronavirus China has imposed restrictions on the publication of academic research on the origins of the novel coronavirus, according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities, that have since been removed from the web, CNN reports… Read full story MONDAY LINES: The Sleaze Of COVID-19 IT is not only the antiseptic smell of hospitals that should worry you in these times of coronavirus. You should also be bothered about doctors who infect you with drunken unawareness and wicked greed. They are many in Abuja, from the Villa to the ministries and agencies where COVID-19 has become big business… Read full story We Will Deal Ruthlessly With Criminals, Says Ogun Governor Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has vowed that his administration would deal ruthlessly with criminally minded people in the state. This governor’s submission was coming on the heels of the arrest of 150 people over incidences of robbery and cultism activities in Sango-Ota and Ifo axis… Read full story INEC’s Position On Edo, Ondo Governorship Election —Okoye Nigeria is navigating a complex, dangerous and unchartered terrain. The country is embroiled in existential war that affects the entire country and humanity. It is a war without boundaries and its effect and consequences defies ethnic, religious, cultural, class, gender and other boundaries. There is palpable fear, anxiety and… Read full story Open Letter To NASS On COVID-19, Budget THE above subject-matter refers. The fact that the currently ravaging COVID-19 pandemic has continued to wreak havoc into the socio- economic life of government and people of Nigeria is not debatable.  The unpredictability of its spread nationally, its penetration and devastating effects on citizens is unprecedented… Read full story EDITORIAL: Easter In Pains… FOR obvious reasons, this year’s Easter celebrations are a sober and sombre one. The world is currently being plagued by the Covid-19 pandemic that has caught many governments pants down, and Christians in Nigeria, as in virtually all countries of the world, have had to celebrate Good Friday and Easter Sunday indoors… Read full story Why Leaders Lose Relevance During Crises A crisis reveals more than the state of an organization, it also reveals the underbelly of leaders. It reveals the sensitivity and sensibilities of leaders as well as their capacity to handle pressure. A time of crisis is an unusual time when unexpected issues surface. Therefore, the demands are different from regular times … Read full story Building Economic Resilience In A Time Of Adversity In ancient times it was widely believed that the genus of birds known as black swans did not exist. They were later discovered in Australasia, precisely in the province of Tasmania. Ever since then, the black swan has been used by statisticians and probability theorists as a metaphor depicting the phenomena of improbable… Read full story A Ladder Called Intelligence The term Intelligenzquotient (IQ) also known in English as Intelligence Quotient was first used in 1912 by German psychologist William Stern. Simply defined, IQ is a test of intelligence that is designed to reveal the individual’s capacity to reason and to solve problems. It is not the intention of this write-up to go into technical… Read full story How 15-Year-Old Boy Was Kidnapped, Killed After N5.5m Ransom Was Paid A 15-year-old teenager has been killed by his abductors in Bauchi despite the payment of N5.5 million ransom by his parents after promising to release him, his father disclosed on Sunday, April 12… Read full story 4 Things Leaders Should Do When Crisis Disrupts People Prior to the COVID-19 crisis our daily lives were so hectic with work, family, activities and deadlines. We felt as if we couldn’t catch up. It was a never-ending routine that recycled itself repeatedly. It gave us some level of satisfaction – although oftentimes we didn’t recognize or respect what we were or were not accomplishing…Read full story