No fewer than 30 persons were, on Monday, arrested by the Kwara State police command for allegedly violating lockdown order in the state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin, on Tuesday, the police public relations officer for the state command, Ajayi Okasanmi, said that the command also impounded scores of vehicles, tricycles and commercial motorcycles otherwise known as okada. Okasanmi said that those arrested had been charged to court for prosecution and conviction. “Those arrested were the ones that violated the no vehicular movement of the state government. The command had, on Sunday, this week vowed to henceforth, arrest violators of the stay at home order of the state government caused by the COVID-19 disease. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Akeredolu releases 26 convicts, donates nose masks to market women It is recalled that the state commissioner of Police, Kayode Egbetokun, had said in Ilorin, on Sunday, at a joint press briefing organised by the State Technical Committee on COVID-19 that vehicle owners, tricycle and okada riders had been flagrantly disobeying the directive of the state government. “Before now our focus was to force compliance. The purpose was not to punish but to protect Kwarans. As it is now any violator of the lockdown will be arrested and handed over for prosecution. People are already taking advantage of our leniency. “I advise the people of the state to cooperate with the state and law enforcement agencies. It is about our state and our people,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story