 The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Ahmad Abdurrahman, has warned police officers and men to shun unprofessionalism while enforcing restriction orders to check the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The state’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Daniel Ndukwe, said this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Enugu. Ndukwe said the commissioner enjoined all officers in the command to always exhibit a high sense of professionalism and avoid arbitrary use of their discretional powers while enforcing the orders. The police spokesman said that the commissioner warned that henceforth any report of incivility, brutality, extortion and other acts of official misconduct against any erring officer would attract severe sanctions. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Don’t relax too soon, we’re not out of the woods yet, Adeboye warns “Sequel to a review of the level of compliance and enforcement by the police of the restriction orders imposed by the Enugu State Government to curb the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Commissioner wishes to reaffirm the Command’s commitment to continue enforcing the orders to the latter. “The Command will ensure that officers exercise utmost professionalism, devoid of all forms of incivility, brutality, extortion and other acts of misconduct in the course of the enforcement. “To this end, the Commissioner warned and directed all Area Commanders, Divisional Police Officers and Heads of Tactical/Operational Departments of the Command to ensure maximum control and supervision of officers and men under them. “These top officers will be held vicariously liable for any lapses recorded in their areas of responsibility,’’ he warned. The PPRO said that the commissioner urged residents of the state to promptly report suspected criminals and acts of criminality to the nearest police station. “The citizens can make the report by calling the Command’s emergency hotlines on 08032003702, 08075390883, 08086671202 or 08098880172,’’ he added. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story China Imposes Restrictions On Research Into Origins Of Coronavirus China has imposed restrictions on the publication of academic research on the origins of the novel coronavirus, according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities, that have since been removed from the web, CNN reports… Read full story MONDAY LINES: The Sleaze Of COVID-19 IT is not only the antiseptic smell of hospitals that should worry you in these times of coronavirus. You should also be bothered about doctors who infect you with drunken unawareness and wicked greed. They are many in Abuja, from the Villa to the ministries and agencies where COVID-19 has become big business… Read full story We Will Deal Ruthlessly With Criminals, Says Ogun Governor Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has vowed that his administration would deal ruthlessly with criminally minded people in the state. This governor’s submission was coming on the heels of the arrest of 150 people over incidences of robbery and cultism activities in Sango-Ota and Ifo axis… Read full story INEC’s Position On Edo, Ondo Governorship Election —Okoye Nigeria is navigating a complex, dangerous and unchartered terrain. The country is embroiled in existential war that affects the entire country and humanity. It is a war without boundaries and its effect and consequences defies ethnic, religious, cultural, class, gender and other boundaries. There is palpable fear, anxiety and… Read full story Open Letter To NASS On COVID-19, Budget THE above subject-matter refers. The fact that the currently ravaging COVID-19 pandemic has continued to wreak havoc into the socio- economic life of government and people of Nigeria is not debatable.  The unpredictability of its spread nationally, its penetration and devastating effects on citizens is unprecedented… Read full story EDITORIAL: Easter In Pains… FOR obvious reasons, this year’s Easter celebrations are a sober and sombre one. The world is currently being plagued by the Covid-19 pandemic that has caught many governments pants down, and Christians in Nigeria, as in virtually all countries of the world, have had to celebrate Good Friday and Easter Sunday indoors… Read full story Why Leaders Lose Relevance During Crises A crisis reveals more than the state of an organization, it also reveals the underbelly of leaders. It reveals the sensitivity and sensibilities of leaders as well as their capacity to handle pressure. A time of crisis is an unusual time when unexpected issues surface. Therefore, the demands are different from regular times … Read full story Building Economic Resilience In A Time Of Adversity In ancient times it was widely believed that the genus of birds known as black swans did not exist. They were later discovered in Australasia, precisely in the province of Tasmania. Ever since then, the black swan has been used by statisticians and probability theorists as a metaphor depicting the phenomena of improbable… Read full story A Ladder Called Intelligence The term Intelligenzquotient (IQ) also known in English as Intelligence Quotient was first used in 1912 by German psychologist William Stern. Simply defined, IQ is a test of intelligence that is designed to reveal the individual’s capacity to reason and to solve problems. It is not the intention of this write-up to go into technical… Read full story How 15-Year-Old Boy Was Kidnapped, Killed After N5.5m Ransom Was Paid A 15-year-old teenager has been killed by his abductors in Bauchi despite the payment of N5.5 million ransom by his parents after promising to release him, his father disclosed on Sunday, April 12… Read full story 4 Things Leaders Should Do When Crisis Disrupts People Prior to the COVID-19 crisis our daily lives were so hectic with work, family, activities and deadlines. We felt as if we couldn’t catch up. It was a never-ending routine that recycled itself repeatedly. It gave us some level of satisfaction – although oftentimes we didn’t recognize or respect what we were or were not accomplishing…Read full story