Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has ordered the release of 26 inmates from the Correctional Custodial Centre in the state. In a statement by the Chief Press Secretary, (CPS) to the Governor, Mr Segun Ajiboye, on Tuesday, said the release of the prisoners was part of the state government efforts to curtail the spread of the deadly Coronavirus disease at the correctional centre. Ajiboye said: “This is in the exercise of the power conferred on the Governor by paragraph (d) of the sub-section (1) of section 212, of the Nigeria constitution (1999 as amended). “The said inmates are those who have served portions of their sentences after being duly sentenced to various terms of imprisonment. “The governor believes that decongesting the Correctional Custodial Center will also help prevent the spread of the COVID-19, not only amongst inmates but also the officials. ALSO READ: Sokoto NMA chairman tests positive for coronavirus Meanwhile, the governor has also presented nose masks for the use of market women in the state, saying the presentation was of effort towards containing the spread of COVID-19 pandemic in the state. The governor also disclosed that the presentation of the nose mask “is in line with the Southwest governors’ resolve to mandate the use of nose masks for everyone coming out of their homes, effective from Friday, April 24th, 2020” The bundles of locally produced nose masks were received from Akeredolu by the Iyaloja General of the state, Chief Mrs Iwalola Adefemiwa and other market women, at the government house, Alagbaka, Akure, the state capital. While presenting the masks, Akeredolu said wearing the nose mask is very important for the personal protection of the market women who would trade with various shades of people across the state. He urged the market women to also mandate their customers to also wear nose mask before engaging in any trading with them, adding that there will be more nose masks to distribute soon. The Iyaloja General, Chief Adefemiwa, appreciated the governor for always prioritizing the interest of the market women in the State. She said the market women will adhere strictly to the directive as they get their nose masks. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE