Since the advent of the Coronavirus pandemic, a lot of contradictions regarding the wearing of mask has been reported. I want to know if a healthy person such as me must always wear a mask when going out. Thanks. Tomiwa(by SMS) Although the World Health Organization (WHO) still officially recommends the use of masks for people who are sick or people taking care of someone sick at home, the organization says it will still support any decision a country comes to on its own. As a WHO official puts it; “We can certainly see circumstances in which the use of masks, both homemade or cloth masks, at community level may help in an overall, comprehensive response to this disease. And we will support governments in making those decisions based on the situation they find themselves in in terms of transmission, based on the context in which they’re dealing and the resources that they have at their disposal.”   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Oyetola Begins FG’s Cash Transfer Scheme In Osun Osun State governor, Gboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, launched the Federal Government’s Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) scheme in the state, in which more than 15,000 beneficiaries across the state get N20, 000 each… Read full story