Members of the Kaduna State House of Assembly have agreed to donate their April salaries to complement the state government efforts in sharing food items to the vulnerable during the coronavirus crisis ravaging the country. In a statement made available to newsmen, in Kaduna on Monday, and signed by the Deputy Speaker of the House, Muktar Isah Hazo, said the 34 members have agreed to donate their April salary. According to him, the donation was aimed at supporting the COVID-19 palliative measures going on in the state. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/covid-19-seven-pastors-arrested-for-conducting-sunday-service-in-ebonyi/ Full text of the statement read as follows : “The 34 Members of the Kaduna State House of Assembly have agreed to donate their April 2020 salary to the state. “The donation is aimed at supporting the COVID-19 palliative measures in the state. “The donation, however, is to further support the state in sharing more food items to the most vulnerable in the state. “The Speaker RT Hon Yusuf Zailani commended members for their sacrifice and urged the residents to keep social distance, wash their hands on running tap as they adhere to the guidelines” put in place by the Government towards controlling the spread of the virus.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview 5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE