 THE Ondo State government has explained that the acquisition of Ansar-Ud- Deen Mega Primary School at Oke-Agbe in Akoko North-West Local Government Area of the state was never intended to spite the original owners of the school. The chairman of the state’s Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Board, Alhaji Khaleel Fawehinmi, who disclosed this during the visit of a delegation of Ansar-Ud-Deen Society Worldwide in Akure, said the moves was meant to bring higher education closer to the grassroots. According to him, the state government had set up a committee to look for an alternative and larger land for the purpose of building a befitting edifice that would stand the test of time. He said the state government would not treat any individual or group of persons as second-class citizens based on their political, tribal or sectarian inclination, saying the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, holds the Muslim ummah in high esteem and would not do anything that would jeopardise the peaceful coexistence among adherents of the various religious groups in the state. Fawehinmi commended Ansar-Ud-Deen Society for sending the delegation to verify all issues concerning the acquisition of the school. He said what the organisation had done was in line with Quranic injunctions which emphasise the need to do thorough investigation on any development before taking a position. Fawehinmi noted that no past administration in the state had accorded the Muslim community in Ondo State recognition as much as the administration of Akeredolu. ALSO  READ: Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation He explained that the present administration had been assisting indigent faithful in the state with cash and working tools, saying the second edition of the programme would come up soon. He observed that a plan for the building of an ultramodern central mosque on the premises of the Ondo State Government House had been submitted to the appropriate authorities even as he expressed commitment to the completion of a place of worship for the ummah at the seat of power. Responding, the leader of the delegation, who is the National Missioner of Ansar-Ud-Deen Society, Sheikh Abdur-Rahman Ahmad, said Ondo State had gained a worldwide reputation for accommodating people of diverse faiths but urged the state government to walk its talk on adequate and timely compensation of the original owners of the Ansar-Ud-Deen Mega Primary School, Oke-Agbe, following its takeover. He said only a fulfillment of the governor’s promise would gladden the hearts of members of the society and the entire Muslim community in the state who regarded the school as a legacy.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE