Senator representing Borno South senatorial district in the National Assembly, Ali Ndume, has said he would offer no recant on his claim that the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadia Umar Farouq, has not been transparent in her management and disbursement of the palliative to mitigate the suffering of poor Nigerians over the coronavirus pandemic. Speaking with newsmen on Wednesday in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital, the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, called on President Muhammadu Buhari to dissolve the Palliatives Measures Committee and give it to a separate team that would connect diligently with the 36 states governors. He said:” My concern is the manner and the way the COVID-19 palliative measures provided by the president is being handled or executed. We have received numerous complaints and it is actually very unfortunate.” He was however upbraided by Malam Garba Shehu, media aide of President Buhari who accused Senator Ndume of making wild allegation that he could not substantiate. But Ndume, in a telephone interview with Tribune Online on Friday said he was not ready to join issues with anybody having made his observations known. “I’m not ready to join issues with anybody on palliatives distribution having made my observations known based on information I got from the grassroots as a grassroots person. “I’ve made my position known on the programme and I stand by it,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story