We are living in tough times especially at this time of the pandemic of Coronavirus. The situation looks grim and things don’t seem to be abating. Life as we know it is being adversely disrupted and things can never remain the same after all the problems are over. Many people are responding to the pandemic in different ways. One thing we cannot afford is get involved in at this time is emotional dis-stabilization. There is a tendency at critical times to get emotionally distressed. This is a time to be strong. We must understand that life happens in stages, seasons and in phases and we must be versed tile to successfully navigate through the different terrains. Thee are seasons of celebration, joy, victory and territory taking. At other seasons we are involved in battles.  Many times life is a battle and there is no way we can a battle if we are emotionally distressed. We must be ready to fight and fight till we win. Life doesn’t give us what we desire or dream of but what we fight for. We fight many battles on many fronts. Life brings to our lives financial battles, marital battles, emotional battles etc. Right now life is bringing different battles to us . . . battle to stay safe, battle to save as many as possible from death, battle to comply with the disruption of our life and lifestyle, battle to stop the pandemic of Coronavirus etc. At a time like this we must understand what to do to win whatever battle we are facing. To succeed in life demands we must give life a good fight. When we face battles there are at least two main issues at stake. The first issue is fighting to ensure we don’t lose what we have to the opposing force. At this time we must fight to ensure we do not lose our health. We must fight not to lose our zeal for life. We must fight not to lose hope. The other issue that arises in battles Is to recover what has been lost to the enemy. Right now we must fight to save those infected by the virus. We must fight to save lives from being lost. We must fight to save jobs. One of the greatest things we must not lose sight of in this critical time is we must not lose our fight. We must keep our fight on. We must keep our fight strong. This is no time to quit. This is no time to be timid. This is a time to stand and fight to win the battle facing us now.  For enquiries and comments please send email to charismokola@yahoo.com   COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: We Can’t Be Caged For Nothing, Adamawa Residents Cry Out On the second day of the 14 days lockdown of Adamawa announced by the state government to curtail the spread of COVID-19  in the state, the people of the state have started to complain about the stay at home order without palliatives to ease the problems associated with it… Read full story As The World Battles COVID-19, Nigerians Confront COVIK 4-1-9 Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden… Read full article Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE