There are a lot of unscientific technical trade barriers that adversely affect exportation to other countries.  It is quite necessary that the Nigerian government begins to provide measures to solve such problems. All necessary problems in agricultural export business being faced in respect to explorations of produce across the country should be removed. There is a need to look into issues like global standardisation involved in the sanitary and phytosanitary (SPS) regulations that are required for food supply in other countries with the various  issues of certification, processing, trade agreements, determining  the  rate of  exportations, and food grading; branding, condition requirement for exportation, the physical conditions of the food, information on the package, form of presentation, metric systems, international systems  for domestic food, declaration of net contents for packaged food which may be in  liquid form, and drained weighing  technology  such as the correct metric systems of  the international systems. Michael Adedotun Oke talentupgradeglobalconcept@gmail.com  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation Worshippers at Agege Central Mosque who on Wednesday allegedly attacked agents of Lagos State government, enforcing the on-going presidential lockdown, have been roundly condemned by senior government officials. The alleged infraction has also been widely condemned on social media… Read full story 