The Director-General National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), Chief Segun Runsewe has called on Nigerians, particularly residents of Lagos, Ogun and FCT to brace up and fight the COVID-19 pandemic through strategic protocols already in place. The custodian of federal cultural initiative and president, World Craft Council (WCC) Africa region explained that President Buhari as the father of the nation is pained about the effects of pandemic on the Nigerian people, hence the very visible interventions and public engagement to discourage panic and fear. Runsewe further appealed for calm as additional two weeks lockdown takes off again, adding that necessary intervention projects would get to the people if we must all see ourselves as stakeholders in the effort to kick coronavirus out of Nigeria. “I must confess that the scenario is difficult for everyone, government losing revenue faster than ever before, the budget being slashed which again will affect project deliveries and the effects on those who work to eat. It’s a humongous reality but as a people, Nigerians have always been in one accord to put down clouds of darkness which threatened our collective existence in the past and this COVID-19 cannot be an exception,” the NCAC boss stressed. He recalled the many values of our cultural history, obedience to constituted authorities and respect for the welfare and safety of  neighbors as face of several culture value chain which Nigerians from all walks of life must put to practice by observing social distancing, regular cleaning of the hands and other protocols meant to mitigate the spread of COVID-19. Runsewe urged the traditional rulers, clergy men and leaders not to see the COVID-19 protocols and consequent lockdown across country as targeted against them but a sacrifice which we must all bear to keep our people and our future safe. “Take a global look at what is happening today and every one can see even the greater impact. The Saudi Arabia government cancelled the Hajj activities and programs, the Pope also shut down the Vatican and the grounding of travel, culture and tourism structures, so we cannot pretend these clear potential dangers and damage of COVID-19 in our country and take to behaviours that will endanger the lives of our people.”  Runsewe further explained. He disclosed that NCAC will unfold a post COVID-19 cultural intervention through skills acquisition across the nation to help unskilled Nigerians, particularly women to support the families and to help rural economy to rebound. The NCAC boss commended the FCT Minister for the structures put in place to secure the seat of government as evident in the hard work of the police commissioner and the lockdown Task Force. “Lagos Governor is doing great too and he needs the backing of security architecture to reduce the incidence of communal transmission and also to check crime, Runsewe further stressed, adding that  Nigerians must be strong and prayerfully acknowledge that the president cares and is deeply concerned about our welfare and safety. “As officials of government, we must all be seen to do our best to help our people. It›s trying time for us all no doubt, so we must wake up to help Mr President reach out to the people and stem the tide of fear about the pandemic and bridge gaps where necessary. It is our people and our country first and no sacrifice is too small.” Runsewe stated.  EDITORIAL: NNPC Boss On Refineries LAST week, the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, declared that the corporation would soon relieve itself of the responsibility of managing the country’s refineries after the ongoing rehabilitation. According to the NNPC boss, the four refineries… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (4) IN the last few weeks, I have discussed how the British colonial Masters gradually increased their control and influence over what was later called Southern Protectorate and Northern protectorate by assaulting and destroying our traditional heritage. One of the strategies was the dethronement and banishing of… Read full story Coronavirus Fallout Affects Family Planning, Women’s Health Rights The global epidemic of COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on a wide array of health, economic, social and personal decisions. With many cities on lockdown and businesses and schools shutting their doors, the COVID-19 virus is dramatically changing everyday life for people across the country, including those seeking… Read full story Of Improved Medical Care, Palliatives OBVIOUSLY, Covid-19 pandemic will change the way the world does things. One can only hope Nigeria is not left behind in the mantra of catering for citizens beyond what successive governments had rendered in terms of prompt response to emergency situations and distribution of relief materials when it matters most… Read full story Coronavirus: What Heart Patients Need To Know? People with heart disease and other underlying health conditions are at high risk of becoming seriously ill if they develop COVID-19. Now, experts warn that COVID-19 could even worsen an underlying heart conditions… Read full story COVID-19: Use Only Herbs Approved By NAFDAC, Virologists Warn A virologist, Professor Sunday Omilabu, has said that although lots of local herbs are promising for treating COVID-19, Nigerians should still be cautious to take only local herbs and herbal products licensed by National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control… Read full story Are Finger Condoms Beneficial? Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl… Read full story Are The Detained Caverton Pilots Victims Of Power Tussle? LIKE joke, like joke, the two pilots of Caverton Helicopters have continued to be detained no thanks to the controversial order issued to effect their arrest and detention by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE