The House of Representatives has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for granting pardon to 2600 inmates at various Custodial centres the country. The House Committee Chairman on Reformatory Institutions, Rep. Anayo Edwin, in a statement, on Friday, said the gesture would go a long way in decongesting the custodial centres. Recall that the lawmaker had earlier charged stakeholders in the administration of criminal justice in the Country to urgently consider and carry out jail delivery and adopt more liberal bail conditions for Awaiting Trial Men (ATM) to decongest custodial centres in the wake of the protest by inmates of Kaduna centre over fears of COVID-19 infestation. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kenny Bello donates food items to Ijebu residents Rep. Edwin expressed appreciation to President Buhari for responding swiftly to the call, noting that the President’s gesture would reduce the workload of the officers, improve the welfare of inmates and reduce the possibilities and fears of an outbreak of the deadly coronavirus at the custodial centres across the country. He charged the State Governors to emulate Mr President by urgently granting pardon to certain categories of convicts and those standing trial for state offences, as that would help to further decongest the custodial centres. The lawmaker noted that this would also help the country from the onerous challenge which the spread of COVID-19 might pose on the country. He assured that the Ninth House of Representatives, under the leadership of Rep.Femi Gbajabiamila, remained committed to the improvement of the Nigeria Correctional Service, including the welfare of staff and inmates and would continue to support every effort of the executive arm of government geared towards the repositioning of the country’s reformatory institutions. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Oyetola Begins FG’s Cash Transfer Scheme In Osun Osun State governor, Gboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, launched the Federal Government’s Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) scheme in the state, in which more than 15,000 beneficiaries across the state get N20, 000 each… Read full story Boko Haram: Borno Governor Briefs Buhari On Chadian Army Onslaught The governor of Borno State, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Thursday met with President Muhammadu Buhari to brief him on the security situation in his state following the recent onslaught on Boko Haram by Chadian army led by President Idriss Deby Itno… Read full story COVID-19: Dabiri Urges Nigerians Thrown Out Of Chinese Hotels To Report To Embassy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nigerians in Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has called on Nigerians thrown out of their hotels in Guangzhou China, to report themselves to the Nigerian Consulate in the Asian country for proper documentation and further actions… Read full story COVID-19: FG Fails To Suspend Lockdown Policy As Christians Celebrate Easter Federal Government on Thursday said it has no plan to suspend the lockdown policy as Christians throughout the Easter celebration scheduled to hold from Friday, April 10 to Monday, April 13, 2020… Read full story Easter: Wike Relaxes Restrictions On Religious Gatherings The Rivers State government has temporarily relaxed the restrictions on large religious gatherings to enable Christians to carry out their religious obligations during the Easter period… Read full story COVID-19: Sokoto Extends Border Closure By Two Weeks Sokoto State government has announced the extension of restriction of movement beyond the border post by an additional two weeks with immediate effect. This was disclosed to journalists immediately after a stakeholders’ meeting on the coronavirus in the state headed by Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal at the Government House… Read full story FG To Liaise With British Airways On Evacuation Of Over 500 Nigerians In US, UK, Others Federal Government on Thursday expressed its readiness to liaise with British Airways on the evacuation of over 500 Nigerians living in the United States and the United Kingdom who have expressed interest to return to Nigeria… Read full story COVID-19: We Are In Touch With Nigerians Abroad ― Foreign Affairs Minister Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Geoffrey Onyeama has said that his office has been in constant touch with Nigerians resident in other countries through the diplomatic missions… Read full story