As the Oyo State government continues to seek ways to beat the coronavirus pandemic, the Central Abattoir, Ibadan, has said that it will continue to be committed to safety in meat processing for the consumption of residents of the state. It also donated 100 hospital beds with mattresses, bedside furniture and mosquito nets to the state. The abattoir, a Public Private Partnership (PPP) with the state government, the 11 local governments in Ibadanland and Butchers’ Union, said it undertook to present the items to assist the state at this critical period, in order to contribute its quota to the fight against the pandemic. While presenting the items to the Commissioner for Health, Dr. B.V.A. Bello, the Director of Central Abattoir, Mr. Oladayo Oladipo, said that apart from the items presented to the state, the abattoir had also undertaken enlightenment programmes on the threat of coronavirus to butchers, workers and customers of the abattoir. He added that the standard protocol of social distancing by butchers, workers and visitors to the abattoir is being enforced, adding that infra-red temperature monitoring, hand sanitisers and washing of hands with soap and water are also in place at the abattoir. In his response, the Dr. Bello, who received the items on behalf of the state government, alongside some members of the Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force and officials of the Ministry of Health, including the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health, Dr. Muftau Ayoola, and the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, expressed gratitude to the Central Abattoir. He commended the abattoir for its effort in paying strict attention to public health safety in meat processing, noting that anyone conversant with zoonotic diseases would appreciate measures put in place by the abattoir, adding that it was commendable that the abattoir is supporting the state in this moment of COVID-19 pandemic. According to Oladipo, prior to the outbreak of the coronavirus, the Central Abattoir, a PPP outfit, which is in tandem with the vision of Governor Seyi Makinde’s investor-friendly administration, had always been committed to upholding public health safety through best practices in slaughtering, distribution and consumption of meats in other to prevent outbreaks of epidemic the provision of wholesome meat. He said: “The Central Abattoir was conceived to ensure and assure a well-structured and organised facility that will readily lend itself to proper monitoring and control of public meat consumption with a view to ensuring that the public is protected from diseases associated with meat processing for human consumption.”   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story China Imposes Restrictions On Research Into Origins Of Coronavirus China has imposed restrictions on the publication of academic research on the origins of the novel coronavirus, according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities, that have since been removed from the web, CNN reports… Read full story MONDAY LINES: The Sleaze Of COVID-19 IT is not only the antiseptic smell of hospitals that should worry you in these times of coronavirus. You should also be bothered about doctors who infect you with drunken unawareness and wicked greed. They are many in Abuja, from the Villa to the ministries and agencies where COVID-19 has become big business… Read full story We Will Deal Ruthlessly With Criminals, Says Ogun Governor Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has vowed that his administration would deal ruthlessly with criminally minded people in the state. This governor’s submission was coming on the heels of the arrest of 150 people over incidences of robbery and cultism activities in Sango-Ota and Ifo axis… Read full story INEC’s Position On Edo, Ondo Governorship Election —Okoye Nigeria is navigating a complex, dangerous and unchartered terrain. The country is embroiled in existential war that affects the entire country and humanity. It is a war without boundaries and its effect and consequences defies ethnic, religious, cultural, class, gender and other boundaries. There is palpable fear, anxiety and… Read full story 