As part of its contributions towards the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, the Wewood Limited at the Ondo-Linyi industrial hub has donated 10,000 litres of ethanol to the Ondo State government. The Director of the company, Kevin Zhu, said the donation was aimed at helping hospitals and other centres in the state to use it for sterilisation and prevention of infectious diseases. Kevin explained that the Wewood Ltd is a manufacturers of ethanol particularly of use to pharmaceuticals and industries for the manufacture of drugs, sanitizers, cleansing chemicals, among other products essential for the prevention of Covid-19. He said since Nigeria is facing the challenge of COVID-19 like other countries of world, it became imperative for the Weewood to also support the fight so as to get the country working again and save the people from the pandemic. He added that the Wewood has also extended his contributions by providing boreholes facilities to communities around the Omotosho in Ore. The donation was received by the state governor, Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu, at the government house, Alagbaka, Akure, the state capital. The governor appreciated the gesture of the Chinese company,  saying it would go a long way to help eradicate the disease as the state government embarked on fumigation of all public places in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Clinical Trials For Possible COVID-19 Treatment Ongoing ― FG The Federal Government has said that clinical trials for possible Coronavirus (COVID-19) treatment were ongoing. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, said this on Friday in Abuja, at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) briefing on COVID-19 in the country. Ehanire said that all efforts would not be effective if Nigerians do not… Read full story Father, Mother, All 11 Children Catch Coronavirus In Spain An entire Spanish family of the father, mother and eleven children have contracted coronavirus and are under strict isolation in their home, the Daily Mail of UK reported. The Cebrian Gervas family have been forced to lock themselves away in Valladolid in north-west Spain after every single one of them was diagnosed with the virus… Read full story COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story