The world is going through one of the most trying times in history. With humans streaming to graves in thousands across the world on a daily basis because a stubborn and deadly virus is bent on mercilessly decimating the population of the world, panic has become an unwanted companion. Indeed, nothing evokes fear across the world more than the coronavirus pandemic. Like the days of Pharaoh in Egypt when there was a great cry in the land owing to the plague that provoked wailing and gnashing of teeth, coronavirus has stolen joy from numberless homes and freedom from the world, making grieving a daily routine – an aftermath of a war without guns and the boom of bombs. However, there is no denying the fact that we will grapple with the effect of this period when it is all over. We are battling a disease that has not only changed the way we live but is threatening to bring the whole world to its knees. Beyond the preparedness or lack of it, the lessons this moment brings must not be lost if we must stop circling the same mountain. It is no fairy tale that politicians descend from their high horse when they need the votes of the electorate. Granted that the fear of coronavirus is the beginning of wisdom, donating the kind of cash they throw around during electioneering to assist the needy and fight against coronavirus will not harm. No one should be fooled by politicians that donated a portion of their salary but left their far more humongous allowances untouched or those who have their faces and names etched  on the souvenirs shared to their constituents in this trying moment. There is something worse than coronavirus — religion. It is not only capable of setting the entire world alight but reversing the gains of technological advancement. Or how does one describe the baseless theory partly promoted by pastors that 5G is indeed the cause of coronavirus? Or the Jos Imam that successfully hoodwinked his followers into believing coronavirus is a scam? It is indeed regrettable that folks who should ordinarily assist in taming a scourge have become catalysts for amplifying such with their toxic messages. Truth be told, the coronavirus pandemic has no doubt provided an opportunity to assess the governance structure and institutions of countries across the world, playing up why we all need one another. Interestingly, Nigeria’s Minister of State for Labour, Mr Festus Keyamo, said coronavirus was the consequence of our sins, explaining that it was God’s way of redirecting our steps. While it cannot be established that the coronavirus pandemic is a punishment from God,it cannot  be incongruous to tell the ruling class that Keyamo belongs to begin to redirect their steps back to God. Ladesope Ladelokun, ladesopeladelokun@gmail.com  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story