Inviting Chinese doctors to the country to curtail COVID-19 is not the way to go, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide has warned, and has told Nigerians to persuade the Federal Government not to escalate the pandemic by going ahead with the plan. The Igbo group gave the warning in a statement signed by their President-General Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and Secretary-General Mazi Okwu Nnabuike on Monday in Abakaliki. The group while condemning the invitation described Chinese doctors as “not sincere”. They maintained that if the nation is in dire need for foreign medical doctors, the destination should be India or Cuba, and not China. The group also disputed the figures and claims of Ministers Farouk and Lai Mohammed that over N100 billion had been disbursed as a Ruse. The state reads: “We urge the Presidency to contact Indian or Cuban doctors through its Foreign Missions in both countries, as Chinese doctors are not sincere in the medical profession, as they may escalate the index cases to benefit from the situation. “Igbo youths insist that N100 billion palliative money has been diverted into personal pockets. There was systematic looting by avoiding a credible banking process of using banks to reach out to Nigerians with BVN for the palliative care and stimulus packages. Indulging in physical distribution and disbursement of the palliative money put doubts on the minds of Nigerians who question the credibility of the claims of disbursement of N100 billion palliative money to Nigerians. We call for a forensic investigation into the activities of the Ministry of Humanitarian and Crisis Management, led by Sadiya Farouk. “There’s so much hunger and frustration in the country caused by the lockdown as the preventive method to stop the spread of COVID-19, Nigerians are gradually getting frustrated daily. “We call on President Muhammadu Buhari to extend the palliative money to the South, as majority of poor Nigerians reside in the South. “The approval of 150 million dollars from Sovereign Wealth Funds by Buhari should be shared among the three tiers of government to cushion the effects of the coronavirus pandemic. OYC is praying for the quick recovery of all the index cases in Nigeria, especially those that had recently tested negative including Chief of Staff to Mr President, Abba Kyari.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview 5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article