The Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC), on Wednesday, rallied maritime stakeholders to decongest the ports ahead of the Easter break. Speaking during a courtesy call on the Five Star Logistic Limited in Tin-Can Island port on Wednesday, the Executive Secretary of the NSC, Hassan Bello explained that the Nigerian Customs Services (NCS) has assured him of readiness to work through weekends in order to decongest the ports. According to the NSC Boss, “I just spoke with the Comptroller General of Customs, and he has assured me of the readiness of his men to work through Friday, Saturday and Sundays to ensure cargoes that are ready for deliveries are lifted out of the ports. “Even the NIWA are ready. I have seen the water buses and they are ready to help move people in riverine areas to the Ports to decongest the ports. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lawan insists on fairness, equity in distribution of relief package “The Council for the Regulation of Freight Forwarders (CRFFN) and even the Seaport Terminal Operators Association of Nigeria (STOAN) have given me their word. It is important we use this opportunity of the holidays to decongest the ports.” On the complaint of insufficient buses to convey clearing agents to and fro their places of destination to the ports, Bello urged other stakeholders to support buses. “We have provided buses, also the CRFFN has provided buses too. Others should join us in making buses available for clearing agents so that they can go and take deliveries of cargoes at the ports,” the NSC Boss added. Concerning complaints by terminal operators of their workers being molested by security operatives while on their way to the port, the NSC Boss promised to engage with the Nigerian Police Force (NPF), Neighbourhood Watch and the Lagos State Government to ensure such trend is curbed. The NSC Boss, who also took the opportunity to visit Access Bank, a commercial Bank located beside Five Star Logistic Limited, stated that most of the banks are now working in order to resolve the issue of payment of Customs Duty. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE