One patient in Osun State was discharged on Saturday by the state government after testing negative twice for coronavirus in line with the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) protocol. This was disclosed by the state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Rafiu Isamotu. “This afternoon, another COVID-19 patient was released from our isolation centre having fully recovered and tested negative twice for the virus in compliance with the NCDC protocol,” he said. Isamotu appealed to citizens and residents of the state to continue to comply with measures put in place by the government to curb the spread of the virus in the state. “Let me on behalf of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola appeal to our people to continue to comply with the sit-at-home order and observe basic personal hygiene habits. Collectively, we shall eradicate coronavirus in our dear state,” he remarked.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story Nigeria Records 51 New Coronavirus Cases, Total Now 493 Fifty-one new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 32 in Lagos, 6 in Kano, 5 in Kwara, 2 in FCT, 2 in Oyo, 2 in Katsina, 1 in Ogun, 1 in Ekiti… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria’s Airlines Have Lost N360billion So Far —Operators The umbrella body of all domestic airline owners in the country, the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), has put the losses so far incurred by domestic airlines since the outbreak of COVID-19 at a whopping N360billion… Read full story Is Coronavirus Spread By Farting? I read somewhere that the Coronavirus pandemic can be spread through farts. Kindly help to clarify this… Read full story