A leading rights lawyer, Mr Femi Falana has again come to the defence of violators of the coronavirus (COVID-19) lockdown regulations, who were brutalised and killed by security agents, saying the law is clear on the penalty for such violations. In a statement on Sunday, the senior advocate of Nigeria pointed out that the prescribes N200 fine and/or six-month jail term for violators, not extra-judicial killing as reported in Delta State or brutalisation of violators as displayed in many viral video clips, in the preceding week. “Last week, some video clips which were in circulation, exposed the horrendous physical attacks unleashed on members of the public by a number of armed troops. The victims of such attacks were alleged to have contravened the COVID 19 Regulations.  But in a bid to cover up the atrocious infringement of the fundamental right of the Nigerian people to dignity, the Defence Headquarters dismissed the video clips. “But barely 24 hours later, fresh video clips confirmed the brutal murder of Joseph Pessu in Warri, Delta State by trigger-happy armed troops. In another video clip, a couple of soldiers were threatening to rape women and transmit HIV to them. However, based on the nationwide condemnation of the brutal killing of Joseph Pessu and the threat to rape women by a bunch of rampaging soldiers, the Defence Headquarters turned round to announce that the culprits had been arrested. ALSO READ: COVID-19: SAN donates N10m to Oyo state govt “Having refused to call the torturers in military uniforms to order the Defence Headquarters should not be allowed to conduct the investigation. In the circumstance, the National Human Rights Commission should take over the investigation and ensure that the culprits are brought to justice without any delay” he demanded. Dissecting the position of the law, Falana noted that, “in view of the ongoing brutalisation and dehumanisation of members of the public by armed troops it is pertinent to point out that the contravention of the Regulations made by President Buhari under the Quarantine Act does not attract the death penalty. “Indeed, by virtue of section 5 of the Act, the penalty for contravening the Regulations is a fine of N200 or six months imprisonment or to both fine and imprisonment. To that extent, the killing of any person for breaching the presidential stay-at-home order is illegal and unconstitutional. It is also a criminal offence under section 2 of the Anti Torture Act of 2017. “For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Armed Forces Act nor any law has vested the members of the armed forces with the power, to subject civilians to harassment under the pretext of enforcing any law or regulation whatsoever”. He concluded by demanding that, “the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces should not hesitate to direct the service chiefs to withdraw all armed troops from further enforcing the COVID-19 Regulations.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE