Adamu Mohammed Duguri, the elder brother to Bauchi State governor, Bala Mohammed who was released by his abductors on Tuesday has declared he holds no grudge against his kidnappers, adding that he has forgiven them and any other person who has a hand on the issue. Mallam Adamu Mohammed who is the Wakilin Bauchi made the declaration on Wednesday when the state deputy governor, Sen Baba Tela-led top government officials on a sympathy visit to his residence in Bauchi. Tribune Online reports that this was made known in a statement by Muktar Gidado, Senior Special Assistant on Media to the governor. Adamu Duguri, however, enjoined his kidnappers and others with the same thinking to desist from such act as it is not good for the society, noting that it is against the belief in God. The Wakilin Bauchi who said that he has considered the incident as an act of God expressed gratitude to the entire people of the state and other well-wishers for their support and prayers throughout the period of his abduction. He then used the medium to stress the need for all hands to be on deck towards ensuring the success of the present administration and for the development of the state in particular. ALSO READ: Gunmen kill community chief in Ekiti, set corpse ablaze The state deputy governor who led the delegation compromising the Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Sabiu Baba; Chief of Staff, Government House Bauchi, Dr Ladan Salihu; the Honourable Commissioners and other top government functionaries emphasized the need for prayers for the safety of the entire citizens of the state. Baba Tela said that: “We can only give praise to Almighty Allah for making it happen throughout the period of his captivity, we kept on praying for Allah’s intervention on his release. Alhamdulillah, he is here with us in good health condition.” The deputy governor then appealed for more prayers for the speedy recovery of Governor Bala Mohammed who is still in self-isolation after contracting coronavirus. He noted that the recovery will enable him to continue the execution of the developmental projects designed by his administration.