The Board of Directors of Odu’a Investment Company Limited has been dissolved. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by the Governor, of Ondo State and Chairman, South West Governor’s Forum, Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu, who said the decision was taken after the meeting of the South-West governors on Thursday. Akeredolu in the statement directed the Board of Directors of the conglomerate to hand over to the Group Managing Director pending the constitution of the new board. The South-West governors also resolved to closed the borders of the six states to curtail the spread of coronavirus pandemic, while people involved in essential services or dealing in medicine, water and consumable items should be given priority. The statement read: “The South-West Governors at its virtual meeting held on Thursday 16th April, 2020 resolved that as owner state governors we dissolve the Board of Directors of Odu’a Investment Limited with immediate effect. “The Group Managing Director should take charge of the conglomerate affairs pending the constitution of a new board. “That the entry points of our six states be closed forthwith to contain the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. “That the state governors agreed that people involved in essential services or dealing in medicine, water and consumable items and in particular traders and market men or women should endeavour to wear nose masks while outside plying their trade to minimise the spread of the deadly virus. “The governors further agreed that wearing of nose masks will be made compulsory for everybody coming out of their homes effective from Friday 24th April, 2020 in their respective states”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story