Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Sunday announced that five more COVID-19 patients, comprising four females, and one male have been discharged to reunite with their families and the society having recovered fully and tested negative twice consecutively. The governor gave the cheering news while giving an update on the battle the state had been waging against the global pandemic that occasioned the deaths of several thousand of people, saying the batch of those discharged now brought the total to “55 people that have been successfully managed for #COVID19 at our isolation facilities and discharged to the community.” “As we commemorate the sacrifice of Love this Easter, I bring to you more awesome news from our isolation facilities. Today, five more patients; four females, and one male have been discharged to reunite with their families and society. “The patients were discharged having recovered fully and tested negative twice consecutively to #COVID19. “With the newly discharged patients, we now have a total of 55 people that have been successfully managed for #COVID19 at our isolation facilities and discharged to the community,” he said in a statement. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Protect jobs, prioritise jobs creation, NLC urges FG The governor said the news coming on the auspicious day of celebration of Easter gave him joy and happiness as it did to others, urging the citizens to all continue to show love and sacrifice for the course of humanity as “we look forward to more great news from our effort to contain the pandemic.” In particular, he enjoined Lagosians to stay at home, practice Social Distancing Principle, observe highest possible personal and hand hygiene and report the suspicion to appropriate persons. “Let’s continue to make the little sacrifices for the greater good,” the governor admonished. COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE