Against reports of violent confrontations between security agents and Nigerians defying the restriction of movement imposed to check the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country, the President Task Force (PTF) on the pandemic has appealed to citizens to exercise patience with law enforcement agents. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who made the plea during its daily briefing in Abuja, on Thursday, explained that public cooperation is necessary to check the spread of the virus in the country. The SGF advised persons on essential duties who must move during the lockdown to carry with them means of identification to avoid harassment. He said: “I urge everyone to please exercise patience in communicating with the Law Enforcement Agents assigned to ensure compliance with the Presidential Orders. They are there to protect all of us. “The PTF continues to count on the collective cooperation of all Nigerians in our effort to contain the spread of this deadly virus.” Mustapha also noted that the task force is putting a close eye on the trajectory of the infection in the country given the single highest jump recorded on Wednesday. ALSO READ: IG confirms arrest of four suspected killers of Afenifere leader’s daughter, declares gang leader wanted While noting that many people are also being discharged after surviving the disease, he reiterated his plea to Nigerians to comply with the protocols already issued to prevent infection. He said: “The Presidential Task Force (PTF) continues to monitor developments around the country and provide guidance to sub-national entities and all Nigerians on measures to take to strengthen their systems and to minimize the risk of infection. “We note the number of confirmed cases for Wednesday, April 15, 2020, which represents the highest single-day rise in number since the inauguration of the PTF a month ago. “We also note the encouraging number of people discharged from care and management facilities. “It is critical to repeat, however, that compliance with the advisories for personal hygiene, social distancing, restriction of movement, early reporting of symptoms and wearing of masks regularly, especially in public, remains the best measures for the prevention of infections and to slow down the spread. “The PTF appeals to Nigerians to take responsibility and play their roles properly. As you all know, we are in a state of war against an invisible enemy. “Let me also advise that whenever you are outside the confines of your homes, make sure it is for very legitimate reasons covered by the exemption or within the hours relaxed for the purchase of basic items.” Details later… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE