Sokoto State governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, has directed all security formations in the state to ensure that an indigene of the state, whose son has been diagnosed as being positive for COVID-19 not to be allowed to enter the state. Tambuwal gave the directive Monday when he received the report of the advisory committee on the state-sponsored Ramadan Feeding Programme (RFP) at Government House, Sokoto. This was contained in a statement signed by the special adviser on media and publicity to the governor, Mohammed Bello, and released to journalists in the state on Monday. According to him, when he received a report that Alhaji Musa Bashar (aka Rahmaniyya), whose son Abubakar had just returned from Dubai, United Arab Emirate (UAE), and was infected by the deadly virus, he advised him not to come to Sokoto. According to the Governor, “I spoke with him on telephone twice pleading that he should not come to the state. But he told me that he has a pass to come. I have therefore directed the security operatives to be vigilant. “They should arrest him and return him to Abuja immediately,” the governor told newsmen. Visibly worried by the insistence of the affected indigene seeking to breach the closure of the state border, Tambuwal appealed to the Islamic scholars and other stakeholders in the state to prevail on Alhaji Musa Bashar, who is also the father of Abdulrahman Musa Bashar, an Abuja based businessman to stay away from the state. He emphasized to the people of the state that COVID-19 is real and no stone should be left unturned in ensuring that the disease does not enter the state. He applauded the work of the advisory committee on Ramadan feeding and prayed that Allah shall reward the members. He assured that the state government will ensure that the suggestions made in the report will enhance the delivery of the feeding program in line with the COVID-19 prevention guidelines. Delivering the report, the Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Saidu Umar, who also chaired the advisory committee, said the committee recommended that the feeding programme should be improved and sustained while observing measures to ensure good health in line with the guidelines for tackling the COVID-19 pandemic.