The authorities of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka Anambra state yesterday denied reports making the round that it’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Charles Okechukwu Esimone is infected by coronavirus. Stories in the state capital, Awka, has it that the Vice-Chancellor has tested positive to the virus following his association with some top government functionaries who attended the last convocation ceremony of the institution Last Month. According to the release made available to Tribune Online in Awka and signed by the public relations officer of the university Mrs Chika Gladys Ene, the released stated; ALSO READ:Tanker drivers critical to operations during lockdown ― NNPC “Much as we would not want to join issues with the peddlers of this story it has become imperative that we make the following clarifications. That in the last six months the Vice-Chancellor has not travelled out of the country. That those the Vice-Chancellor had contact with since the spread of the virus in Nigeria have not tested positive to the virus. That the Vice-Chancellor has been discharging his duties as since inception till date. That members of the public should discountenance those stories as they are not only untrue but a calculated attempt to malign the image and reputation of the Vice-Chancellor and that of the university. That those Chinese teachers who travelled home last December were advised to remain in their country pending the prosecution of the COVID 19 spread and has not returned to Nigeria ever since  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story