No fewer than eight people lost their lives in multiple accidents involving six petrol tankers and a car at Oloru-Kanbi in Moro Local Government Area of Kwara on Wednesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the accident occurred when the tankers, heading to the NNPC depot at Oke-Oyi in Ilorin had a head-on collision with three others returning from the depot. The three tankers one of which loaded with Diesel had a head-on coalition with the other three coming from Jenna also in Moro local government area of the state. There was also a private car, badly impacted in the accident by the tankers. A combined team of officers and men from the fire service, Police and the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) were promptly drafted to the scene of the accident for the rescue operation. ALSO READ: Africa now has over 10,000 cases, 500 deaths from 52 out of 54 countries, says WHO Alhaji Abdulwaheed lyanda-Yakub, Director Kwara State Fire Service, who spoke to NAN at the scene of the incident, said 12 people died in the multiple accidents. Iyanda-Yakub said that most of the dead persons were tanker drivers. According to him, two other victims were on the danger list and receiving treatment at the intensive care unit of the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UlTH). He said the remains of the dead have been deposited at the morgue of the hospital. But the Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) in Kwara, Mr Jonathan Owoade, told confirmed to NAN only eight persons dead in the multiple accidents. Owoade attributed the cause of the accidents to wrongful overtaking and non-adherence to traffic rules by drivers. (NAN)  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story