The African Development Bank Group has announced the appointment of Mrs. Nafissatou N’diaye Diouf as the acting Director for Communications and External Relations effective 1 April 2020. Mrs Diouf, a Senegalese,, is currently a Division Manager in the Communications and External Relations Department of the African Development Bank Group. She is bringing over 20 years of experience to the role, with a comprehensive background in corporate communications, public relations, journalism, digital and media development. Since her appointment as Division Manager in 2018, she has fostered agile communication strategies, consistently reflecting cohesion with the bank’s vision. She has built and led a world-class team of editors, writers, digital and media specialists, resulting in exponential increase in coverage and awareness around the bank’s strategic objectives and projects. Mrs Diouf had served as a communications consultant with the bank’s Private Sector and Infrastructure Complex and Trade Department from 2016 to 2018, during which she engaged with Regional Integration and Trade Department Senior Management, streamlining communication and public relations strategies across a variety of platforms. Before joining the bank, Mrs Diouf, the founder and Managing Director of 54 Communications company, in Dakar, Senegal from 2011 to 2017, provided leadership for the cross-functional development and delivery of compelling public relations, branding, communication and event management strategies for a broad spectrum of public and private entities She also worked as Public Relations Director for Francophone Africa ZK Advertising, Johannesburg, South Africa during which she demonstrated aptitude for cross-cultural leadership, managing teams of public relations professionals, account managers and country representatives across seven African countries, including Gabon, Niger, Chad, Madagascar, Burkina Faso, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Republic of Congo. With a creative and collaborative approach to project management within challenging markets, Mrs Diouf exceled in strategic storytelling, content development, capacity building and mentoring. Prior to her transition into corporate communication, she worked as a journalist with the Associated Press (AP), covering international conflicts and crises west and central Africa including Liberia, Côte d’Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Niger, Mauritania, and the Central African Republic. Many of her breaking news stories were featured in global newspapers such as the Washington Post, USA Today, The Boston Globe and the LA Times. She also worked as an Open-Source Officer for the Foreign Broadcast Information Service (FBIS), a division of the Central Intelligence Agency’s Directorate of Science and Technology. Commenting on the appointment, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, President of the African Development Bank said: “She is a respected professional in the Communications and External Relations industry. I look to her to steer the department at this critical moment as the bank responds to the rapidly changing situation of COVID-19 and to continue the excellent work done to date in the Department.”