The Governors of Lagos, Gombe, Kwara, Kogi, Ogun, Ondo, Kaduna, Kano States, respectively, have expressed grief over the demise of the Chief of Staff to the President, Late Mallam Abba Kyari. Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu,  condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari, describing the death as shocking, painful and a monumental loss to the nation, the people and government of Maiduguri and the Kyari family. Sanwo-Olu, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Gboyega Akosile, said: “I received the sad news of the death of Mallam Abba Kyari, an astute public servant with a heavy heart. Mallam Kyari was a dedicated Nigerian, a deeply committed and patriotic citizen, who contributed remarkably to the smooth and successful running of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration.” He further described Kyari as a “conscientious, competent, cerebral and outstanding administrator whose life traversed the fields of law, journalism, banking and politics.” Sanwo-Olu urged President Buhari to take solace in the quality of life lived by the deceased and his exemplary contribution to the current administration, saying it was normal that the death of a close ally would be painful and devastating, but one must always look back at the beautiful moments one shared with the deceased as well as the legacies left behind by such individual. “As human beings, the death of a close ally will be painful and devastating, but we must always look back at the beautiful moments one shared with the deceased as well as the legacies left behind by such individual. Therefore, Mr President should find comfort in the good works done by the late Kyari,” the governor stated. While reacting to the news of the death of Mallam Abba Kyari, Inuwa Yahaya lamented that Nigeria has indeed lost a fine and dedicated gentleman, a patriot and a reliable administrator who was always mindful of his duties and responsibilities. He also said that the President’s late Chief of Staff will be remembered for his exemplary leadership, effectiveness in service, dedication and loyalty while carrying out the duties and responsibilities of his office. ALSO READ: Abba Kyari buried at Abuja Gudu cemetery “On behalf of the Government and people of Gombe State, I wish to extend our deepest condolences to Mr President, the family of the deceased as well as the government and people of his home state, Borno over this great loss,” the governor stated. Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara state described the death of the Chief of Staff to the President Abba Kyari as a huge loss to the country. “The death of the Chief of Staff is a huge loss. We mourn Mallam Abba. He will be sorely missed. On behalf of the government and people of Kwara State, we commiserate with Mr President, the Federal Executive Council, and the immediate and extended family of Mallam Abba. We pray Almighty Allah to grant him Al-jannah firdaus,” AbdulRazaq said. “We salute his contributions to the country, his avowed loyalty to the nation and the President, as well as his commitment to duty as a prominent member of Mr President’s administration. This development reminds us once again to unite at this trying time to collectively work towards containing the rampaging threat to all of humanity by adhering to all safety measures.” Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, commiserated with President Muhammadu Buhari over the death of Abba Kyari. Bello in his condolence letter to the President, sympathised with him, the presidency and the people of Borno State over the sad loss. “On behalf of my family, the government and the good people of Kogi State, I commiserate with Your Excellency, the entire presidency and the people of Borno State over the loss. Please, accept my deepest condolences on your bereavement. “Mallam Kyari lived a good life of honesty, commitment to nation-building and service to God and humanity. “He undoubtedly had been a pillar of support to you in your enviable and exemplary journey since your assumption of office in 2015 as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “His wise counsel to you in the course of your selfless service to the people of Nigeria will not be forgotten easily. “While I pray the Almighty Allah to give you the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss and grant late Kyari eternal rest, please accept once again my heartfelt condolences,” Bello said. Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State described as shocking, the death of Abba Kyari saying he will be missed by many. According to him: “The frailty of life carries with it the deeper deception of an innocuous state, creating paths peculiar to individuals in life. Along such paths are attractions out of which we make our choices. “For Mallam Abba Kyari, a quintessential Public Servant whose trajectory of life moulded him for inexorable service to his fatherland, his choice of life was that of a pool of unhyped potentials. “For him, he had played his own part of the endless life orchestra; he has departed, in fulfilment of mankind’s inescapable debt, like other mortals. “Truly, Abba Kyari’s urbane character may not have been seen by all; but to those who had reasons to know and work closely with him, he represented dynamism, strong character and compassion. “He was a dependable and dispassionate liaison, full of life with an energetic work engine that never stopped pulsating. Kyari died working for Nigeria, no doubt. He will be sorely missed by many. “I commiserate with the Nation, our Leader, President Muhammadu Buhari, the immediate family as well as friends and associates of the departed compatriot over this shocking development. May God grant us all the strength to bear this loss.” Kaduna State governor, Mallam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai said: “This is absolutely shocking but ‘From God we came, & to Him we shall all return’ May the soul of Abba rest in perfect peace. May Allah Accept his martyrdom as he died in the service of PMB & Nigeria. May Allah give Aisha, her siblings & family the fortitude to bear the loss.” Kano state governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, prayed for Allah’s forgiveness and blessing for the departed soul of Kyari, describing him as highly reserved and loyal Chief of Staff to the President. His words: “On behalf of the government and good people of Kano state, I am commiserating with the President and Commander-In-Chier of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari, the federal government, his families and the entire Nigerians over the death of Malam Abba Kyari.” Governor Ganduje prayed Allah to give all the fortitude to bear the loss, particularly President Buhari, the families of the deceased, federal government and friends of the deceased. “May Allah see him through in the hereafter. May he meet his Lord, with all cleanliness and may Allah give him everlasting peace,” he prayed. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE