President Muhammadu Buhari in his broadcast disclosed that the government has identified 92 per cent of all identified contacts of COVID-19, adding that the government has doubled the number of testing laboratories in the country. According to him: “To date, we have identified 92 per cent of all identified contacts while doubling the number of testing laboratories in the country and raising our testing capacity to 1,500 tests per day. “We also trained over 7,000 healthcare workers on infection prevention and control while deploying NCDC teams to 19 states of the federation. “Lagos and Abuja today have the capacity to admit some 1,000 patients each across several treatment centres. “Many state governments have also made provisions for isolation wards and treatment centres. We will also build similar centres near our airports and land borders. “Using our resources and those provided through donations, we will adequately equip and man these centres in the coming weeks. Already healthcare workers across all the treatment centres have been provided with the personal protective equipment that they need to safely carry out the care they provide. “Our hope and prayers are that we do not have to use all these centres. But we will be ready for all eventualities.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story