Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC) has said that its decision to shut down Med Contours, a popular body modification clinic, was a follow-up to complaints, received by the Commission, from some clients of the clinic, regarding its  certain elective  cosmetic procedures,  considered unprofessional and potentially injurious. The  agency, led by its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Babatunde Irukera, few days ago, sealed off the plastic surgery clinic, located on Ladi Alakija Street, Lekki Phase 1, Lagos.  Irukera, in a chat with the media, after the agency had successfully carried out the exercise, explained that besides signifying FCCPC’s decision to put a halt to the operations of the clinic, until absolved of the allegations, the action was also to notify the management of the  organisation of the agency’s  intention to commence  investigation  into the activities of the clinic, pursuant to the FCCPC Act. He added that the scope of the investigation is pursuant to sections 17(s), (t), (x), (y) and 13, which prohibit obnoxious practices, require services to be safe, and mandate  the Commission to reduce  risk of injury to consumers, as well as ensure that  services comply with the required standards of care. The FCCPC boss explained that there were credible information that Med Contour, owned by Dr. Anu Fella,  had been engaging  in cosmetic medical procedure in a way  that was  inconsistent with the  nation’s law. “We’ve got a few complaints and we’ve opened an investigation. We’ve also sent out the summons and then the  notice of  the commencement of investigation,” he added. Irukera further explained that the agency was acting within the law by sealing off the clinic; since it is  allowed to,  on the suspicion of any illegal activity in certain location,  proceed to that location and stop such  activity. “And that is what we have come to do, here, today. That is why we are sealing this place, while investigation proceeds. We expect that in the coming days, weeks and months, we’ll be able to conduct investigation to see if anything was going wrong there. “The information, we have, seems to tell us that the body modification procedures seem not to comply with applicable standards of care, and some have complained to us that they have sustained significant and sometimes irreparable injury on the procedure that they have been subjected to,” he stated. The FCCPC boss however argued that while the action was not a disciplinary process, the Commission, however, had the responsibility to protect consumers, by intervening in whatever processes  that could  lead to injury or possible fatality.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story