Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has said contrary to reports doing the round that he is in an intensive care facility in Lagos State, he is being isolated in a wing at the Government House in Kaduna State He made the clarification in a tweet he posted on Monday debunking the news of his isolation in Lagos. According to el-Rufai: “Earlier today, I took two hours out of isolation to attend the daily virtual meeting of State Standing Committee on COVID-19 chaired by Deputy Governor @DrHadiza Balarabe. “Since there is some fake news circulating that I am in an intensive care in a Lagos hospital, a nice ICU picture will help debunk the evil news! “For the avoidance of any doubt, I have been isolated for the past 24 days in a wing of the Government House, Kaduna, undergoing treatment for coronavirus from doctors of the state Ministry of Health. “As the pictures show, I have not shaved since I went into isolation so that I will have a new COVID-19 look to remember when this pandemic passes, as it surely will by the Grace of God. “I appreciate these dedicated public servants as well as all those that called or sent messages expressing concern and sympathy, but I am fine and getting better every passing day. Alhamdulillah.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article