Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company Plc (IBEDC) has assured its customers that it has put measures in place to ensure a steady power supply. It also assured non-paying customers that there will be no disconnection of electricity supply. This, the company said, is to help alleviate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic currently pervading the country and the whole world, on them. This was revealed by its Chief Operating Officer, John Ayodele, who said that IBEDC is an organisation with the welfare and wellbeing of its customers at heart. According to him, the “management has decided to suspend the disconnection of non-paying customers to help alleviate the hardship and pressure Nigerians are facing as a result of the various lockdown across our franchise. “Furthermore, as much as it is within our control, we will ensure a regular and steady supply of power to make the stay at home order more bearable, bearing in mind the attendant challenges and pressure that this pandemic has brought on us.” ALSO READ: We won’t divert coronavirus funds ― Fayemi Ayodele said the company, on the other hand, in order to ensure the safety of its staff and customers, has temporarily recalled staff on non-essential duties from the field as part of the COVID-19 safety protocols of social distancing and limiting physical contact. He, however, reassured customers that this will not in any way hinder or disrupt its services, advising customers to pay their bills electronically by emails and SMS. He urged customers to take advantage of its alternate hassle-free payment channels to pay or vend, namely: Online (Quickteller, Jumia, Fetswallet and payarena); USSD (GTB, MCASH, Etranzact), to reduce physical contact and likely exposure to the virus at crowded locations. “Furthermore, our staff on essential duties, the technical crew, will be available to attend to faults speedily during this period, under the strict supervision of our Health, Safety and Environment team to ensure complete compliance to NCDC and WHO safety protocols,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE