The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said the nationwide broadcast by President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday over the COVID-19 pandemic in the country was not rich enough. The president of the union, Prof Abiodun Ogunyemi, said this in an exclusive interview with our correspondent while reacting to the broadcast. According to him, the president broadcast is shallow as he failed to include not only the master plan and structures by which the government wants to ensure that the various donated relief items be properly distributed to people concerned but also the contributions made so far by some people, especially in the education sector including members of Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to fight COVID-19 pandemic in the country. Though, still giving it to the president for acknowledging efforts of some people at the corporate and individual levels for supporting the government to contain the spread of the virus, he noted that ASUU members, for example, have to put on hold their industrial action despite being denied their welfare and salaries and joined (and still joining) forces with others to fight the deadly virus because it is a common enemy. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Gombe gov extends stay at home order for civil servants on levels 1-12 “ASUU, apart from engaging in enlightenment campaigns and distribution of sanitisers among others to people, also engages in discussion to mobilise personnel and sponsoring scientists and researchers to come up with a solution to the problem and government can’t shy away from this aspect, among others,” he stressed. He said ASUU believes that agents of government are aware of the roles of people in the education sector including ASUU in this fight against COVID-19 but pretend not to know. So with this president action, he said, it means the government is likely to compound crisis the union is having with them for embarking on strike and I must say we shall all see the result after COVID-19 crisis is over. On the extension of lock-down in Lagos, Ogun states and the federal capital territory for another two weeks, he said the president was in order in as much as he acted on the health experts’ advice. Corona Virus, he pointed out, is a contagious disease and it is advisable that we all work together to flatten the curve once and for all so that normalcy will return and everybody will go back to work. Ogunyemi however, faulted government on the distribution of donated foods and other relief materials to people so far, saying the exercise is awkward and non transparent enough. According to him, local government councils should have been effectively handled such roles if truly they are government at the grassroots because they should be the ones that know who truly are poor of the poorest in every community. “But the point is that nobody is reckoned with local government in the country again and this development is very unfortunate for us as a country,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Not On IMF’s Debt Service Relief List The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday announced debt service relief to 25 countries most of them in Africa to cushion the effects of COVID-19. Nigeria is not on the list. A statement issued by Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which contained… Read full story I Made Bombs, Detonated Them As Student —Olunloyo One feels sad that the nation should be in this situation. There are three stages in the life of a man. When he is born, he is there but he doesn’t know anything that is going on. When he is dead, he is there probably he doesn’t know what is going on. And then, in the middle period, it may be in the marriage, in the school… Read full story Centuries After Jalumi War, Osun’s River Otin Still Seeking Government Attention Whether a visitor is entering Inisa in Osun State from Kwara State or Osogbo, accessing River Otin, from which the local government council name is conspicuous, and commercial motorcycle operators are stationed at the entrance of the town on the highway, always ready to guide visitors’ movement… Read full story Claims Of Laying 5G Fibre Optic Cables In Lagos, Others Misleading —DEMS Volunteers Digital Economy Media Support Volunteers’ (DEMS Volunteers’), a non-governmental advocacy group of media and telecoms practitioners creating awareness on digital economy, has described it as strange, the recent social media onslaught on the telecommunications infrastructure deployment in parts of Lagos… Read full story The Corona Laws (III) Against all odds, the COVID 19 lockdown now seems to have been extended indefinitely by the President, without first codifying the process of its enforcement, from the many suggestions proffered from various quarters. The truth is that when a policy is impracticable, even though it may be desirable and expedient… Read full story Impact Of COVID-19 On Nigerian Oil, Gas Sector BY December 31, 2019, Brent crude averaged $60 per barrel; members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries with allies (OPEC+) were on 2.1 million barrels per day (mbpd) cut to help steady prices. The arrangement was in place until March 2020 when the first OPEC meeting heads… Read full story Maize Shortage Looms Over Coronavirus Lockdown Nigeria will experience maize shortage if the lockdown occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic continues. The Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) said it became necessary to alert the Federal Government as maize farmers are unable to access their farms due to the lockdown as well as unavailability of inputs… Read full story EDITORIAL: Akure Explosion: Matters Arising TWO weeks after the explosion that rocked Akure, the Ondo State capital, on Saturday March 28, Nigerians are still largely in the dark regarding the circumstances surrounding the incident. During the explosion which birthed series of conspiracy theories, including a possible attack by the terror group, Boko Haram… Read full story