AssistanT Pastor, Christ Apostolic Church (CAC), Amazing Grace Chapel, Akure in Ondo State, Ifeanyi Odili, has affirmed that it is through prayers that the entire world can defeat the now ravaging coronavirus pandemic that has left several thousands dead and over a million receiving treatment globally. The cleric said this while speaking to Churchnews, pointing out that this became imperative as revealed to him that a fallen angel from heaven was the one fleecing deaths all over the world and the only thing that can curb the pandemic is prayer. According to him, force cannot work, but only prayers to God who can provide the solution as the  United States has said it could not curb the pandemic with all its power, while  Italy equally said it was looking up to the same God for solution. “Force cannot work, America said their power could not curb it anymore, and Italy said, ‘well, we, are looking up to the sky, that means they have surrendered, meaning they have no power of their own. That means the only being that can solve it is God Almighty,” Pastor Odili stated. The cleric, therefore, charged the government to allow people to continue to congregate in the churches and mosques to seek the face of God at this critical moment, saying it was not common to order churches and mosques closed as such single action was enough for God to be angry with this country, and with the whole world.       “Since the world was created, there has never been any time war broke out, and churches and mosques were ordered to be closed, that one only is enough for God to be angry with this country, and with the whole world. If war is ravaging, whether we have genuine or counterfeit churches or mosques, there are still some that are still calling the name of God, especially among the real CAC, the Catholic and the notable churches. “My opinion about it is that we have an organization that has been in existence, it is called Christian to Christian Network. We cannot fold our arms and allow all the churches all over the world to be shut down, that is a big problem. No nation will survive it. Look at this Tanzanian president, he said that he would not shut the churches in the country because there is no virus that can survive in the body of Christ and he went into a bush and on the rock there he started praying there alone. “The God we know is one that will not allow any form of disease enter where you all gathered to worship him,” the cleric added.  COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: We Can’t Be Caged For Nothing, Adamawa Residents Cry Out On the second day of the 14 days lockdown of Adamawa announced by the state government to curtail the spread of COVID-19  in the state, the people of the state have started to complain about the stay at home order without palliatives to ease the problems associated with it… Read full story As The World Battles COVID-19, Nigerians Confront COVIK 4-1-9 Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden… Read full article Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE