TIME Hotels, a hospitality company with headquarters in Dubai, UAE, has implemented a number of new initiatives to boost morale and promote positive wellbeing among all of its staff members, as well as improving guest experience across its portfolio of properties. The personal development of all team members will also be a key focus, with TIME Hotels dedicating a set amount of working hours to allow employees to catch up on e-learning modules and develop their existing skill sets with the implementation of personal training and development plans as well as performance plans, on-the-job and a range of employee engagement activities. Mohamed Awadalla, CEO, TIME Hotels, said. “Boosting staff morale is essential during these challenging times and as a result we’re working to ensure we go that extra mile to create a warm and positive working environment, while looking at how we can best utilise each individual team member’s time and improve guest service and our overall offering.” From the beginning of April, employees will also be invited to participate in a weekly initiative called ‘Wear your Happiness’, part of the ‘I’m happy’ campaign, which involves wearing an accessory or item of clothing or dressing in a way which makes them feel happy, while still being in line with personal hygiene protocol and following the grooming standards of the hotel, in addition to a range of precautionary measures that have been implemented throughout TIME Hotels properties to ensure the safety and wellbeing of guests and employees. “At the very core of our success is our incredible team. Their commitment, energy and drive are paramount to our success as a business and we want to take this opportunity to promote positive wellbeing by boosting morale and giving something back. “The current crisis will pass, and I want our staff to be fully motivated when the travel and social restrictions are lifted,” Awadalla added. ALSO READ: COVID-19 Lockdown: Presidency Attacks Soyinka, Says He Is Fiction Writer, Not Medical Professor TIME Hotels has always advocated a more flexible and personable approach to guest service, and over the coming weeks and months, management teams and staff will also review past customer feedback which could have been overlooked due to the busy period and look at ways to improve their overall guest offering. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, TIME Hotels has implemented all of the recommended measures to reinforce the practice of good sound hygiene by increasing its level of sanitation and intensifying cleaning procedures across all of its properties. “These new standards are now being embedded into our daily operations making it standard practice rather than just a precautionary measure,” added Awadalla. TIME Hotels will also focus on overall maintenance and back of house deep cleaning over the coming weeks as well as re-arranging storage units, stairwells, pantries and kitchens. “In addition to this, we will be reviewing and redesigning our standards of performance to ensure we are in a strong position to drive our business forward, as soon as we reach the recovery phase of the crisis,” Awadalla said.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE