Journalists were barred from covering the trial of Nigerian singer, Fashola Azeez popularly known as Naira Marley. Naira Marley is being tried at the Lagos State Magistrates’ Court in Ogba for alleged violation of the social distancing rule of Lagos State by attending a crowded birthday party. ALSO READ: Naira Marley,Gbadamosi, wife, 32 others on their way to court for flouting lockdown order The birthday party was organised by Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele, popularly known as Jenifa, for her husband, Abdul Rasheed Bello.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City
The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response
First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines
THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article Lagos Govt Wants Completion Of Primary Six Policy For JSS1 Admission Enforced
The Lagos State government has indicated it willingness to start enforcing the completion of six years primary education policy for all pupils who want to gain admission into junior secondary schools (JSS1) in both the public and private schools in the state. It said that had been a national policy on education for… Read full story