To assuage the pains of lockdown arising from the need to stem the tide of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, Senator Aliyu Wamakko, has commenced the distribution of no fewer than twelve thousand pieces of hand sanitisers to residents across the twenty-three local governments of Sokoto State. The Special Assistant to Senator Wamakko on Youths and Students Matters, Suleiman Mahmud Tijjani, disclosed this in Sokoto, Sunday. He said that the gestures of the Chairman, Senate Committee on Defence and Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Anti Corruption and senator representing Sokoto North Senatorial District were being doled out under the aegis of the Senator Aliyu Wamakko COVID-19 Youth Volunteers. Suleiman explained that the distribution of the sanitisers, sanitol (hand wash) detergent, handbills with inscriptions of precautionary measures written in English and Hausa were also been distributed. He further averred that other items being distributed were face masks, hand gloves and water bucket dispensers. He added, “also, 280 water bucket dispensers with sanitol antibacterial are to be distributed across the 23 LGAs. “These all-important sanitary items are to be given to mosques and churches in Sokoto metropolis. “Some local governments were also being given palliative packages of 250 bags of rice of 50 Kg each.” The Special Assistant also stated that the exercise that was flagged off at the Kasuwar Daji, Sokoto, on April 3, 2020, will last for two weeks. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story