THE death toll in the ongoing reprisal killings by suspected cultists in Benin City hit five on Thursday as a man was reportedly gunned down on Wednesday night by suspected cultists in downtown Benin City, Edo State. According to an eye witness report, the deceased who sells at one of the popular motor parks on Oba Market road was standing in front of his shop when suspected gun-toting cultists drove speedily by, screeched to a halt, alighted from the vehicle and pumped hot lead in him. When the hoodlums came, they were said to have shot sporadically into the air and barked their battle cry, before shooting at the victim, vanishing speedily into the night after the attack which lasted less than two minutes. Panicky roadside sellers abandoned their wares for safety when the first shots rang out, only to crawl out of their hiding places after the shooting. The victim whose identity could not immediately be ascertained was said to have slumped on the sidewalk in a pool of his own blood. The latest killing comes on the heels of the killing of four people in the Edo State capital by suspected cultists on Monday and Tuesday night in different parts of the metropolis. On Monday, two persons were reportedly killed in a renewed hostility between two rival cult groups. While one of the young victims was killed at Medical Stores Road area of Benin City on Monday night, the second was killed along Benin Technical College (BTC) Road by Universal Junction. In what looked like a reprisal attack, another two persons were feared killed on Tuesday night in a bloody clash between suspected rival cultists in Benin City. One of the deceased was gunned down at about 7 pm on the busy Lagos Street while the second victim was shot dead along Ugbague Lane between Forestry and Mission Road. Speaking on his mobile phone, the Edo State Police spokesman, Mr Chidi Nwanbuzor said that he was yet to be briefed on the latest killing. Nwanbuzor, a deputy superintendent of police, however, agreed that the serial killing bore the trademark of rival cult war which before now had abated before the partial lockdown of the state by Governor Godwin Obaseki as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic. He said: “Investigations are ongoing. The police will unravel the circumstances surrounding the series of unfortunate killings of n the state. One thing, I can say for sure is that it is a cult war. We will get to the roots of the problem.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Anal Sex Predisposes To Cancer, HIV Infection, Others —Experts Anal sex has been described as a prevalent practice, which consistently occurs between young couples and adolescents. According to the Centre for Disease Control “anal sex is primarily growing in popularity with couples under age 45.” Also, a national survey reportedly revealed that 36 per cent of women and 44 per cent of… Read full story Coronavirus Could Be Spreading Through Farts, Says Doctor • Experts still in doubts An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports… Read full story COVID-19: Gbajabiamila Leading A Divided House —Gbillah A former deputy chairman, House Committee on Petroleum Resources (Upstream) in the eighth National Assembly and a two-term member of the House, Honourable Mark Gbillah, in this by KEHINDE AKINTOLA, speaks on the leadership style of Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, among other issues… Read full story Covid-19: NPA Defines Port Charges Waiver, Issues Terms And Conditions FOLLOWING the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic and outcry by clearing agents that terminal operators are refusing to comply with demurrage and storage waivers as directed by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), the NPA in a second letter to the terminal operators, have defined the terms of reference as regards which port charges should be waived. EDITORIAL: NNPC Boss On Refineries LAST week, the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, declared that the corporation would soon relieve itself of the responsibility of managing the country’s refineries after the ongoing rehabilitation. According to the NNPC boss, the four refineries… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (4) IN the last few weeks, I have discussed how the British colonial Masters gradually increased their control and influence over what was later called Southern Protectorate and Northern protectorate by assaulting and destroying our traditional heritage. One of the strategies was the dethronement and banishing of… Read full story Coronavirus Fallout Affects Family Planning, Women’s Health Rights The global epidemic of COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on a wide array of health, economic, social and personal decisions. With many cities on lockdown and businesses and schools shutting their doors, the COVID-19 virus is dramatically changing everyday life for people across the country, including those seeking… Read full story Of Improved Medical Care, Palliatives OBVIOUSLY, Covid-19 pandemic will change the way the world does things. One can only hope Nigeria is not left behind in the mantra of catering for citizens beyond what successive governments had rendered in terms of prompt response to emergency situations and distribution of relief materials when it matters most… Read full story Coronavirus: What Heart Patients Need To Know? People with heart disease and other underlying health conditions are at high risk of becoming seriously ill if they develop COVID-19. Now, experts warn that COVID-19 could even worsen an underlying heart conditions… Read full story COVID-19: Use Only Herbs Approved By NAFDAC, Virologists Warn A virologist, Professor Sunday Omilabu, has said that although lots of local herbs are promising for treating COVID-19, Nigerians should still be cautious to take only local herbs and herbal products licensed by National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control… Read full story Are Finger Condoms Beneficial? Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl… Read full story Are The Detained Caverton Pilots Victims Of Power Tussle? LIKE joke, like joke, the two pilots of Caverton Helicopters have continued to be detained no thanks to the controversial order issued to effect their arrest and detention by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike… Read full story