A doctor working with a private clinic in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital, has tested positive for coronavirus after treating a pregnant woman who was the third positive case in the state. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Monday night announced the fourth positive case in the state, with two of them already treated and discharged. The doctor was said to have contracted the disease while treating the woman at his private hospital. The 29-year-old woman, who is a health official with the Lagos State government, was announced as third case in Ekiti last Saturday after returning to the state from Lagos on Wednesday last week. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr. Mojisola Yaya-Kolade, who spoke with Tribune Online, said only one doctor tested positive with 15 turning out to be negative among the blood samples taken to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control. “Yes, we have one doctor who tested positive and he is being treated at the isolation centre, but others were negative,” she said. However, the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Ekiti State chapter, has called for adequate protection for medical workers through provision of life insurance and other measures. Speaking with journalists in Ado Ekiti, on Tuesday, the NMA State Chairman, Dr. Tunji Omotayo, said there was need for government to increase the welfare of medical workers as a doctor contracted the disease while trying to save life.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story