Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) says its board has approved the immediate release of N1 billion to the COVID-19 Relief Fund being put together to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. It would be recalled, that the Bankers Committee led by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) at its emergency teleconference call meeting held March 30, 2020, announced that the Committee and the private sector had set up an account at the CBN under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19. The Fund receives contributions from individuals as well as corporate organisations to complement the efforts of the Federal Government as it strives to contain the spread of the pandemic in Nigeria. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bodies are being left in streets in an overwhelmed Ecuadorian city In approving NDIC’s contribution to the Fund, a statement from NDIC’s director of communications, and public affairs Sunday Oluyemi explained that the board acknowledged that it was not only consistent with its policy on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR); it also noted that the proceeds will be utilised in the provision of equipment and urgently needed medical facilities throughout the nation. This will include the procurement of testing kits, isolation and treatment centres, as well as the provision of Intensive Care Units (ICUs), and molecular testing labs wherever required. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City
The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response
First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story