Although yet to record a case of COVID-19 pandemic, a 14-day total lockdown takes effect from Wednesday, April 01, 2020, in Delta State. This was further reiterated by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa in yet another state-wide broadcast on Tuesday after last Thursday’s when he announced the closure of air and land borders. He, on Tuesday, also restated the embargo on the movement of people, goods and services into, within, and out of all parts of the state. The governor, who doubles as head of the COVID-19 task force in the state, further ordered stoppage of  “all residents of the state not on essential duty or providing essential services are to stay home till further notice. ALSO READ: Tanker drivers critical to operations during lockdown ― NNPC “The prohibition of the gathering of persons in the state for conferences, meetings, religious worship, festivals, private events, public visits, burials, weddings, traditional marriages and other social events; “The temporary closure of public places, such as event centres, bars, night clubs/lounges, cinemas, markets, supermarkets, malls, shops, restaurants/canteens.” Perhaps taking a cue from what transpired in Lagos on Tuesday when youths reportedly flooded some streets to play football, the governor also placed a ban on street football or any other sporting activities on the streets or neighbourhood during the emergency period.” “Foodstuff sellers are permitted to conduct their businesses within the precinct of their homes and will be monitored to ensure they adhere strictly to the social distancing rules,” he added. He, however, announced that “markets for only the sales of food items and water will be organised in designated Primary/Secondary Schools in each local government areas of the state.” He said: they will be coordinated and supervised by the Local Government Chairmen and their teams to ensure compliance with the rules on social distancing.” Meanwhile, Governor Okowa in the broadcast exempted those involved in the transportation of essential supplies such as food, water, petroleum products, pharmaceutical products, medical/emergency supplies or other essential supplies as may be cleared by his office. Others exempted include security agencies, Healthcare providers such as pharmacies, water suppliers, fire service, power suppliers, Media houses, essential departments of telecommunications companies, livestock farmers (poultry, piggery) and fish farmers. While noting that banks are to remain open but only for skeletal services during the lockdown, he urged all persons that fall under the category of exemption to carry about their valid identification tags to ensure easy identification and smooth passage, warning that there would be increased security presence during the lockdown. Senator Okowa, however, pleaded with wealthy Deltans and corporate organisations to support the government in whatever way in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. The governor, who urged Deltans to keep praying to God for his quick intervention, advised to call: 0803  123  0480, 0803  123  0481, 0803  123  0528  and 0803  123  0529 if anybody develops symptoms associated with the coronavirus disease. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE