Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, has maintained that it is high time Nigerians accept that life won’t return to normal even after COVID-19. In particular, he said the time was right for business owners to think of adjusting their business model such that it is compliant to social distancing and reduces the level of interaction among people. According to Ihekweazu, all Nigerians must accept the reality that a return to the pre-COVID lifestyle, once the current restrictions are relaxed, could bring about a high resurgence of the infection. Speaking on a Lagos radio programme monitored by Nigerian Tribune, he warned that the nation cannot afford to replicate its abandonment of the Ebola precautions when the outbreak was over with COVID-19. In the interest of the nation, he stressed that Nigerians must continue to adhere to precautionary measures of basic hygiene, respiratory etiquette, use of sanitisers. “If I were any small or big business or anything that involves interaction, I will be carefully thinking about my business model and how to adjust them to some extent. “But, let’s start with the basics. There were a lot of good practices we learnt during the Ebola outbreak that we dropped immediately the outbreak was controlled. “I think some of those in terms of basic hygiene, using sanitisers, respiratory etiquette, we just have to continue. “If I were managing a school, I will think about my break period. Do I really want to have one break period where I unleash the entire school population onto the playground? Or do I want to have a standard break period where you allow a few people out at hourly interval? “If I were running a restaurant that has a capacity for 100, I will be thinking of how to sustain that restaurant on 40 people to enable some social distancing. These are some of the processes we all need to think about in order to reopen and go back to normal. “We can’t reopen and go back to normal. We will immediately have a huge resurgence of the infection in our country and that is exactly what you want to protect,” Ihekweazu said. On the possibility of extended lockdown in some parts of the country, Ihekweazu said that the NCDC would be working over the next 10 days with the thinking that the current window was its last window to make appreciable progress. “We will work extremely hard over the next 10 days to make the best use of the opportunity which is probably the last window of opportunity we have to make some progress with the response. “We are completely aware of the hard times that Nigerians are going through and we want to make sure we make progress with response to make sure that slowly, in a calibrated way, we open up some parts of the economy to start working,” Ihekweazu said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article Escaping The Cult Of The Toxic Ninja I have often said that there are no dead-end jobs, only dead-end people. They are inimical to the progress of any organization, family or establishment. They are always the high-maintenance types in any relational engagement. The emotional capital that it costs to work with them is invaluable. If you work with them… Read full article Review Of Yossi Sheffi’s The Power Of Resilience The author, Yossi Sheffi, is a well-known thought leader who has authored a number of previous books including: The Resilient Enterprise: Overcoming Vulnerability for Competitive Advantage and Logistics Clusters: Delivering Value and Driving Growth… Read full article COVID-19: Place Of NIMC In Access To Social Security/Palliatives In Nigeria The coronavirus pandemic across the world has again shown the abilities or otherwise of countries of the world to rise to the challenge of providing succour to their citizens in the face of the socio economic crises that came along with the global health imbroglio… Read full article 6 Leadership Principles To Guide You During Crisis The COVID-19 crisis has fueled what uncertainty means with fresh perspectives around readiness and preparedness. This moment has elevated the importance of leading with a crisis aware state of mind. Especially when you consider that we are headed into accelerated change and uncertainty that will remain constant… Read full article United States Health And Humanitarian Aid THE story of U.S. leadership in the global battle against Covid-19 is a story of days, months, and decades. Every day, new U.S. technical and material assistance arrives in hospitals and labs around the world. These efforts, in turn, build on a decades-long foundation of American expertise, generosity, and planning that is… Read full article Kyari In The Lens Of Statesmen, Politicians THE sun set for Mallam Abba Kyari, the Chief of Staff (CoS) to the President, on Friday on earth. His exit was a dramatic end to a life that conjured different images to different quarters since he assumed office in 2015. It is evident from the perception of his principal, President Muhammadu Buhari, that a lot of people misunderstood… Read full article Between Coronavirus And The Original Repentance We Need The world is going through one of the most trying times in history. With humans streaming to graves in thousands across the world on a daily basis because a stubborn and deadly virus is bent on mercilessly decimating the population of the world, panic has become an unwanted companion. Indeed, nothing evokes fear across… Read full article