Ekiti state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured members of the newly constituted resource mobilisation committee for the coronavirus and the entire residents of the state that all funds which will be raised would not be diverted for other purposes. He assured them that transparency and accountability would be maintained in the utilisation of the resources mobilised. Fayemi had at the weekend announced the constitution of a 47-man committee of eminent citizens of the state including legal icon, Chief Afe Babalola and three former governors to help mobilise resources to combat the COVID-19 pandemic. The governor in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode on Sunday in Ado-Ekiti while commending all the personalities for accepting to serve in the committee, expressed hope that the state would achieve its set goal of curtailing the dreaded COVID-19 through the assistance of the committee. Fayemi said, “I’ve had cause to speak with almost everyone on this platform in the past few days and I’m truly humbled and honoured by your genuine expression of concern and your enthusiasm and readiness to serve the state in combating this existential threat. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Penalty for lockdown violation is N200, 6-month jail term, not death ― Falana tells military “I thank particularly our Grand Patron, Aare Afe Babalola, our patrons who are my predecessors in office, the chairman and members for your strong commitment to Ekiti State at this critical period. Indeed, some of you have started working with a relentless flow of ideas and contacts sent our way since you were contacted. “I want to assure you that the resources mobilized will be used for the purpose for which it is intended and we will maintain transparency and accountability all through the process. “We welcome suggestions and contributions on modalities for accomplishing the task ahead of us. Our mission is clear, the target has been attached to your letter of appointment – but nothing is cast in stones. The idea is to also leverage your experience, expertise and networks in this collective effort.” He revealed that much of the meetings of the 47-member committee would be held via teleconferencing and other technological means, in view of the need to observe social distancing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE