Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020. The confirmation of his death was announced on Saturday morning by the Special Assistant to President Buhari on Media and Publicy, Femi Adesina on his twitter handle @FemAdesina with tweet: “Chief of Staff to President, Mallam Abba Kyari, passes on.” “May God rest his soul. Amen. Funeral arrangements to be anoounced soon,” he wrote. Meanwhile, the other presidential aides, Garba Shehu, Bashir Ahmad and a host of other good wishers followed suit in announcing his death emphasising on the fact that he should be granted eternal rest. However, Nigerians have begun to shower their condolences while some did not fail to knock down the leadership and actions of the Chief of Staff while he was alive. See the reactions as tweeted: The Senate President Ahmad Lawan expressed his profound sympathy, saying ”Inna Lillahi wa Inna Ilaihi Raji’un! Death is inevitable, it only comes at our individually appointed time. ”May Allah forgive the shortcomings of late Mallam Abba Kyari and grant him speedy passage to Aljannatu Firdausi, ” he supplicated. The Minister of Communications, Dr. Isa Patanmi also showed his sympathy saying, ”May the Almighty Allah forgive and be Merciful to Malam Abba Kyari (Chief of Staff to the President). May He (SWT) bless us with a good end,…” Festus Kenyamo narrated his recent chat with Kyari saying, “When I chatted with him exactly on Tuesday, March 24, 2020, he assured me his health was fine and that he would faithfully take the treatments.” “But God always knows best.” “Sincere condolences to the Kyari family and the Government of Nigeria. Adieu Mallam Abba Kyari,” he mourned. ALSO READ: Why I think state pardon is best for Funke Akindele, husband —Adegboruwa, SAN Melle Kyari also expressed his sympathy saying, ”May Allah forgive Mallam Abba Kyari and have mercy upon him. Was a truly good man, profoundly faithful and loyal to our country.” Senator Dino Melaye expressed his grievances saying, “May the soul of Abba Kyari the chief of staff to Mr President rest in peace.” “May God grant his family the fortitude to bear the loss. Everyone must complete this circle someday. Be prepared.” PDP National Spokesperson, Kola Ologbodiyan said, ”My condolences @MBuhari. May Allah forgive the shortcomings of Mallam Abba Kyari, grant him Aljanat Firdausi and give his family the fortitude to bear the pains of this loss.” Dele Momodu said, “The Chief of Staff to the President MALAM ABBA KYARI has died according to the Presiden’s SA Media FEMI ADESINA. May his soul Rest in Peace…” Deji Adeyanju who’s known for his despises for the present administration followed in the condolence saying, “I hope those already stealing Coronavirus money will stop & begin to do the right thing.” “Abba Kyari died here in Nigeria, unable to travel for medical tourism. FIX OUR HEALTH SECTOR & country now.” “Stop looting Nigeria dry,” he solemly lamented. A Tweep, @ugwunnaejikem wrote, “OFFICIALLY may Abba Kyari RIP.” ”UNOFFICIALLY I don’t care as this crisis in Nigeria was worsened by the social irresponsibility of people like him and total neglect of our health sector by the government; a government he was part of.” “The chickens are slowly coming home to roost,” she concluded. One King Nonny said, “RIP to him & I never wish Death on anyone but I ain’t Mourning him either.” ”Most of us die from Political Incompetence & bad healthcare so it’s good we are learning lessons.” A career, SME and development coach, Ogbeni Dipo wrote, “Abba Kyari was Buhari’s right hand man.” ”Buhari will feel this in his soul. Thoughts and prayers are with him.” One Engineer Tolu also sympathised and berated Nigerians politicising his death saying, “Please don’t celebrate or be happy with the demise of Abba Kyari.” ”We all humans and we should not forget that one day we’d end up beneath the soil too and left with nothing but our deeds (good or bad).” @necessary_cho said, “We all could have been Mallam Abba Kyari, if not for God’s merciful intervention.” In furtherance, he said that “It is sad, my spirit is very down. Allay ya yafe mashi, ya mashi sakayya da janna. ” ”Loudly crying faceLoudly crying face Loudly crying face.” Lamarr said, “Abba Kyari’s death is having me believe that Kemi olunloyo wasn’t bluffing.” ALSO READ: We’ve a long way to go in convicting rapist and domestic violence perpetrators —Jesudunsin Okewumi, acvtivist and founder of The Hug Place One Binta Kasim stated that “This picture is all about the transience of life & power.” ”One no longer in this world & the other no longer on the throne. Allah giveth & He taketh away if & when he pleases.” “May He replace the lost throne with something better for MSII & forgive the shortcomings of Abba Kyari.” A user with alias Your Osogbo Barber narrated the prediction of Kemi Olunloyo in two of her tweets; she said, “It wasn’t a guess work, It wasn’t prediction. Kemi Olunloyo did not just mention Abba Kyari ni. She knew what she was saying.” “Do y’all remember that even Yaradua wasn’t announced immediately? So, cut me the Muslim rites shiiii. Rest on Abba Kyari, only God can judge you.” Another tweep, Pablo Noser, said “You can’t teach people how to or how not to react to leadership.” ”If a leader performs well, he/she will receive deserved praises and if they did otherwise, let them bear the damnation.” “Rest In Peace Abba Kyari. He added.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE