After nine  months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command  has arrested four suspects in the killing of Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere,  Pa Reuben Fasoranti. Three out of the four suspects arrested  so far are  from the northern part of the country. According to spokesman of Afenifere, Mr Yinka Odumakin, the suspects had given useful information over the killing of Mrs Olakunrin to the police. According to him, “we commend the dedicated officers who made the arrest just as we wait for a thorough investigation to follow. We have resolved to encourage the police to do their job properly.. “We appreciate all Nigerians who have encouraged our 94-year-old leader in this troubling season. It is our prayer that criminals will not go unpunished  again in our country.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview