The chairman/founder of AACS, an international consulting and principal investments company, Dr Falil Ayo Abina, has called for a private sector-led fund relief programme to cushion the effect of the lockdown ordered by the government to contain the spread of COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerians living below the poverty line. Abina, who served as executive director in two different Nigerian banks, said in a statement issued in Lagos on Wednesday that the most vulnerable people in the country could be reached and assisted through the instrumentality of the Bank Verification Number (BVN). According to him: “Take the BVN of all Nigerians, which is about 40 million in all and extract active accounts that have had a turnover of less than N200,000 within the last six months or with a current balance of less than N20,000. These individuals would be given direct relief funds. I suspect that about five million account holders fall into this category. “Distributing half of the minimum wage (N15,000) to five million people would translate to N75 billion. These funds would cover the majority of those living near or below the bread line which include okada riders, street hawkers, petty traders, market women, vulcanizers, and others.” He said the intervention would be the first level of social security safety-net as well as a stimulus for the economy as recipients would see it as a concern for their welfare and it would be a step towards improving patriotism and ultimately a better society and nation. He added that while the initiative could be championed by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Corporate Nigeria, religious bodies and public-spirited individuals would be invited to support it. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story