I read somewhere that the Coronavirus pandemic is actually caused by the electronic waves from the 5G technology. I will appreciate it if this claim can be explained to me. Peter (by SMS)  Scientists have insisted that online conspiracy theories linking 5G wireless service to the novel coronavirus outbreak is false and that there is no connection between the technology and the spread of the disease.  The scientists further explain that mobile phones and cell towers transmit radio signals at frequencies well below those of X-rays and ultraviolet light, which are strong enough to damage human cells and DNA and are categorised as ionising radiation. The lower bands, encompassing everything from AM radio to cell phones to microwave ovens, are categorised as nonionising radiation and don’t harm DNA directly. They have long been considered harmless except for potentially heating cells at close range.So far, scientific studies of cell phones have offered a mostly reassuring view of the situation. And leading scientific authorities like the Food and Drug Administration, the National Cancer Institute, and the Federal Communications Commission maintain that there is little to no health risk from using mobile phones given the safety limits already in place.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Oyetola Begins FG’s Cash Transfer Scheme In Osun Osun State governor, Gboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, launched the Federal Government’s Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) scheme in the state, in which more than 15,000 beneficiaries across the state get N20, 000 each… Read full story