The Association of Nigerian Women Business Network (ANWBN) has advised government to do its best to ensure that the   citizens are protected from this corona virus pandemic. This was contained in a release signed by the national coordinator of the association , Chief Mrs Anita Nana Okuribido, who  lamented the  lack of infrastructure in the health sector and how government had  been so lackadaisical about important issues  such as the health and wellness of Nigerians. “More over  womenpreneurs who form 80 per cent of SMEs in Nigeria are badly affected by this pandemic with a devastating decline in their business. “In recent months a novel virus known as the corona virus has spread infecting hundreds of thousands of people and impacting humankind negatively. “And while we are yet to see the immeasurable impact that will follow the pandemic—due to state and countrywide shutdowns, social distancing, the closure of countless businesses including women-owned businesses, and/or transition to remote work for millions across the world—we have begun to witness its grave impact on our global economy. “WomenPreneurs in particular are one of the populations that have been greatly affected economically by the COVID-19 pandemic. From marketing and branding to occupational therapy, mental health to feminine health care and in between, businesses have been forced to continuously adapt to the changing tides,” she said Okuribido disclosed that members of the association  shared their concerns as they prepared their  policy recommendations with the high rate of insecurity – COVID-19 being at the front burner  of the priority issues of the Women National Business Agenda, and how women are navigating the effects of COVID-19 on their businesses. With the emergence and spread COVID-19, which  led to a lock down on businesses, advised that women entrepreneurs should temporarily shift to consultations online. Fortunately, we have been able to retain a bulk of our clientele without necessarily having to be there physically. As a team, we should now focus heavily on providing more of our digital marketing services (E- Commerce) which allow us to work remotely. The biggest lesson thus learnt so far with the emergence of the COVI-19 pandemic is to always  invest in a digital skill,” she noted.  (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed Immediate Payment Of Two-Month Conditional Cash Transfers “For the most vulnerable in our society, I have directed that the conditional cash transfers for the next two months be paid immediately. Our Internally displaced persons will also receive two months of food rations… Read full text (Buhari’s Speech): I’ve Directed 3-Month Moratorium On Tradermoni, BOI, BOA, Other Loans “Furthermore, I have directed that a three-month repayment moratorium for all TraderMoni, MarketMoni and FarmerMoni loans be implemented with immediate effect. “I have also directed that a similar moratorium be given to all Federal Government funded loans issued by the Bank of Industry, Bank of… Read full text COVID–19: Why Government’s Communications Have Not Been Effective —Experts Despite universal attestation to the existence of Coronavirus and the havoc it can wreck on humanity, if allowed to thrive, quite a sizeable number of Nigerians, especially those at the lower rungs of the socio-economic ladder, would still prefer to treat such claim with a pint of salt… Read full story Coronavirus: Abba Kyari Confirms Health Status, Says He Is Moving To Lagos For Isolation The Chief of Staff (CoS) to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, has admitted that he has tested positive for coronavirus, saying that he was being moved to Lagos for further tests and observation. He has also explained that since he discovered his status last week, he had borne his own treatment to prevent… Read full story COVID-19: God Proving His Might, Adeboye Says The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has revealed that the reasons that countries of the world are experiencing COVID-19 pandemic is as a result of divine setting. He made the submission while speaking at the Sunday Service on the church broadcast, Dove… Read full story Eight Strains Of Coronavirus Are Circling The World, Scientists Say At least eight strains of the coronavirus are making their way around the globe, creating a trail of death and disease that scientists around the world are tracking by their genetic footprints… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE