THE Federal Government has granted payment waiver to visitors or migrants affected by the order which restricts international travels through International Airports and subsequent closure of land borders. Tribune Online reports that government had in the wake of coronavirus outbreak, ordered restriction on international travels through airports and closure of land borders as part of measures to contain the spread of coronavirus pandemic in Nigeria. Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola gave this approval as conveyed in a statement by the Public Relations Officer of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Mr James Sunday on Wednesday in Abuja. According to the NIS spokesperson, Aregbesola, gave the approval vide letter ref. MI/PM/16012/S.266/V.II dated April 6, 2020. ALSO READ: Military destroys illegal refinery sites in Delta, Rivers, arrests boats carrying diesel “In the light of the above, all visitors/migrants holding valid visitors pass/resident permit with confirmed return tickets scheduled to travel out within the period of the international travel restriction, are to be issued with relevant extensions at ‘no cost’ to enable the beneficiaries to reschedule their flights and travel within one week whenever the embargo is suspended or lifted by the Federal Government,” the statement said. James Sunday, however, explained that “migrants/visitors whose permits/visitors pass expired before the restriction order, must pay for overstay relevant for the period and the penalty it attracts. “Furthermore, anyone that overstays beyond the waiver period whenever the restriction is suspended/lifted by the Federal government is to promptly comply by paying for overstay,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story