Medical professionals under the aegis of the Conglomerate of Health Professionals in Akwa Ibom have demanded more testing of suspected cases of Coronavirus, especially those related to the index cases in the state. This was contained in a statement issued in Uyo on Tuesday by the professionals, comprising of Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives (NANNM), Akwa Ibom State Branch. Others who signed the statement were, Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN) and the Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists of Nigeria (AMLSN). The statement was signed by Dr Nsikak Nyoyoko, Chairman NMA, Mr Patrick Odu, Chairman NANNM, Dr Akwaowoh Akpabio, Chairman PSN and Mrs Emilia Eliezer, Chairman AMLSN. The group called on the government to speed up the setting up of a state laboratory for testing. The healthcare professionals in a review of the handling of the COVID-19 outbreak commended Gov. Udom Emmanuel for implementing the public health advisory. They acknowledged the setting up of an isolation centre at Ibom Specialist Hospital and the ongoing construction of isolation centres in Eket and Ituk Mbang. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Gombe gov extends stay-at-home order for civil servants on levels 1-12 The group said that the five confirmed cases had remained clinically stable and commended the courageous health care professionals who had continuously and sacrificially put their lives on the front line. While commending the response team on contact tracing for COVID-19, the group noted with displeasure the near lack of testing for Coronavirus. They, however, called on the state Ministry of Health and the Incident Management Committee to immediately collaborate with Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and ramp-up testing for COVID-19 in Akwa Ibom State. “The government should speed up the setting up of a state laboratory for testing,” the group said. They expressed displeasure about the lack of coordinated daily updates by the handlers of the response. The health professionals called for improved information dissemination on COVID-19 in the state to avoid speculations and misinformation by the citizens. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the NCDC had on April 1 announced that five cases were confirmed positive in the state. As a result of the announcement, the governor in a state broadcast announced restriction of movement in the state with effect from April 3 and to last for 14 days to enhance contact tracing. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Not On IMF’s Debt Service Relief List The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday announced debt service relief to 25 countries most of them in Africa to cushion the effects of COVID-19. Nigeria is not on the list. A statement issued by Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which contained… Read full story I Made Bombs, Detonated Them As Student —Olunloyo One feels sad that the nation should be in this situation. There are three stages in the life of a man. When he is born, he is there but he doesn’t know anything that is going on. When he is dead, he is there probably he doesn’t know what is going on. And then, in the middle period, it may be in the marriage, in the school… Read full story Centuries After Jalumi War, Osun’s River Otin Still Seeking Government Attention Whether a visitor is entering Inisa in Osun State from Kwara State or Osogbo, accessing River Otin, from which the local government council name is conspicuous, and commercial motorcycle operators are stationed at the entrance of the town on the highway, always ready to guide visitors’ movement… Read full story Claims Of Laying 5G Fibre Optic Cables In Lagos, Others Misleading —DEMS Volunteers Digital Economy Media Support Volunteers’ (DEMS Volunteers’), a non-governmental advocacy group of media and telecoms practitioners creating awareness on digital economy, has described it as strange, the recent social media onslaught on the telecommunications infrastructure deployment in parts of Lagos… Read full story The Corona Laws (III) Against all odds, the COVID 19 lockdown now seems to have been extended indefinitely by the President, without first codifying the process of its enforcement, from the many suggestions proffered from various quarters. The truth is that when a policy is impracticable, even though it may be desirable and expedient… Read full story Impact Of COVID-19 On Nigerian Oil, Gas Sector BY December 31, 2019, Brent crude averaged $60 per barrel; members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries with allies (OPEC+) were on 2.1 million barrels per day (mbpd) cut to help steady prices. The arrangement was in place until March 2020 when the first OPEC meeting heads… Read full story Maize Shortage Looms Over Coronavirus Lockdown Nigeria will experience maize shortage if the lockdown occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic continues. The Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) said it became necessary to alert the Federal Government as maize farmers are unable to access their farms due to the lockdown as well as unavailability of inputs… Read full story EDITORIAL: Akure Explosion: Matters Arising TWO weeks after the explosion that rocked Akure, the Ondo State capital, on Saturday March 28, Nigerians are still largely in the dark regarding the circumstances surrounding the incident. During the explosion which birthed series of conspiracy theories, including a possible attack by the terror group, Boko Haram… Read full story