Some armed men suspected to be herdsmen on Sunday night set five farm settlements in Ala area of Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State ablaze. The incident happened when the people of the farm settlements were sleeping, with the herdsmen destroying their farm houses and property. It was gathered that there was a disagreement between the herdsmen and farmers following the destruction of their farms. The herdsmen who were said to be angered by the confrontation from the farmers, allegedly set the houses on the farm settlements belonging to the farmers ablaze. Some of the communities torched included Adejubu, Adewole, Olotin, Olondan, Jojo, all in the Akure North Local Government Area of state. A resident of the community who spoke with Tribune Online confirmed that many farmers and their family members have been rendered homeless by the herdsmen. He said most of the residents escaped from being hurt or killed due to the alarm raised by some affected residents. According to the source, the herdsmen who invaded the settlements were on reprisal, adding that residents of the affected communities had earlier stopped the herdsmen from grazing on their farmland. The Ondo State Police Command’s Spokesman, Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, when contacted, said the command had not been briefed on the development.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article