Police in Niger State, have arrested three suspects, led by a 46 – year old woman, identified as Stella Idris, in connection with the abduction and attempted sale of a four-year-old boy, Abdulrahman Bello, at the sum of N300,000.00 in Suleja Local Governmentment Area of the state. Other suspects were identified as 16- year old Miracle Idris (male) and Ebuka Ebube, 18- year old (male), all of Gabadon and Osato area of Suleja Local Government Area of the state. Tribune Online gathered that the cover was blown off the criminal activities of the three suspects on April 6, 2020, at about 13:30hours, following a formal complaint by one Bello Umar, (male), of Gabadon area of Suleja at ‘A’ Division Police station Sulaja under the Niger state Police Command. The complainant was said to have reported at the ‘A’ Division, Suleja that he discovered that his Four- year Old son, Abdulrahman Bello, of the same address, was missing. It was further learnt that on the receipt of the complaint, a team of Policemen from ‘A’ Division, Suleja on reasonable suspicion, arrested the first suspect,, one Stella Idris, (female), aged 46 years, the second suspect, Miracle Idris, (male) aged 16 years and the third suspect, Ebube Ebuka, (male), aged 18 years. ALSO READ: Free electricity supply: Beneficiaries to be identified Further checks revealed that the three suspected abductors of the Minor, Abdulrahman Bello, were all residents at Gabadon and Osato areas of Suleja LGA. An insider Police source at the State’s Criminals Investigation and Intelligence Department( SCIID) Minna, who crave for anonymity in a brief chat with our reporter on Wednesday stated that the suspects were arrested while in an attempt to sell the victim at the sum of N300,000.00. The very reliable source added that the four-year-old Abdulrahaman Bello was rescued unhurt by the team of policemen from ‘A’Division, Suleja, saying that the alleged buyer of the minor escaped arrest by the police and is still on the run”. The suspects were also said to have confirmed to the offence during investigation by the police. Meanwhile, the Police Public Relations Officer,( PPRO) Niger State Police Command, Wasiu A. Abiodun, an Assistant Superintendent of Police( (ASP) confirmed the incidence in a brief interview with our reporter in his office at the State’s Police Command Headquarters on Thursday in Minna. He however assured that as soon as the police investigation was completed on the matter, that the suspects would be arraigned in court for prosecution. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story Ogun Discharges Three Coronavirus Patients Three coronavirus patients have been discharged by the Ogun State government from one of its isolation centres between Wednesday and Thursday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story 