Former Deputy National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olabode George, has made a donation worth N160million as direct aid to the needy in Lagos State in order to cushion the harsh effect of lockdown ordered by the Federal Government to halt the spread of Coronavirus pandemic in the country. The aid from George includes cash donation, cows, bags of rice, groundnut oils, bottled water, and beans were distributed at the weekend to the needy irrespective of their political party affiliations. George also donated N10million to the Lagos State Chapter of PDP to assist the party in providing relief to its members during this lockdown. ALSO READ: COVID-19: We made mistake by naming one Oyo case as Osun’s, total cases 209, not 210–NCDC The PDP chieftain, who is also the Atona Oodua of Yorubaland, commended the Federal and various state governments for their efforts in combating the dreaded Coronavirus, saying as a statesman, he provided relief to the needy in the state as he believed “that government cannot do it alone.” George, while noting that his direct aid to the needy “has nothing to do with politics and should not be given any political colouration,” promised to also reach out to the needy in the South- West, just as he called on Nigerians to cooperate with the Federal Government in its efforts to combat the spread of Coronavirus in the country. He, therefore, prayed that the Almighty God will guide aright President Muhammadu Buhari in his efforts at curtailing the deadly virus. Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE