An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports. One medic claimed people may be passing the deadly disease on to others through omitting bodily gasses, however, experts aren’t so sure. They say the chances of catching Covid-19 through farting is “tiny” and that Covid-19 is mainly transmitted between people through droplets spread from coughing and touching or shaking hands. The doctor cited tests that revealed the virus was present in the faeces of 55 per cent of patients with Covid-19. And medics have previously warned that farts contain tiny poo particles that can spread bacteria. Dr Tagg wrote: “Well, SARS-CoV-2 can be detected in faeces and has been detected in an asymptomatic individual up to 17 days post-exposure.” The doctor, Andy Tagg, added that previous tests have shown farts have the power to spray talcum powder long distances. He added: “Perhaps SARS-CoV-2 can be spread through the power of parping – we need more evidence. “So remember to wear appropriate PPE at all times and stay safe!” ALSO READ: Turning the covid-19 tragedy into an opportunity for a new Nigeria However, Dr Jarvis urged people to maintain good toilet hygiene – given the evidence showing coronavirus can be present in faeces. She added: “There have been some reports of coronavirus being present in poo, and of up to one in ten patients developing diarrhoea a day or two before they get other symptoms such as cough and fever. “This does underline the importance of being extra-careful about cleaning the bathroom if one person has symptoms of coronavirus.” Back in 2001, Aussie doctor, Karl Kruszelnicki, and microbiologist, Luke Tennent, carried out an experiment to see if farts could spread disease. Dr Tennent asked a colleague to pass wind directly into two Petri dishes from a distance of five centimetres – first while wearing pants, and then without. He discovered that the first Petri dish stayed clean, while the second one sprouted bacteria overnight – but added the bacteria found in the test was not harmful. Earlier this year China’s Center for Disease Control and Prevention announced that pants should be an effective barrier against farts that might carry coronavirus. The health body said that farts are unlikely to transmit the virus provided pants are worn. However, it warned that if the infected patient was not wearing pants, and they released a large amount of gas, then someone else – if they took a close sniff at the gas – could be at risk. And at the start of this month, scientists urged people to close the toilet before flushing as they say coronavirus can be spread through “aerosolized poo”. Due to what’s called a “toilet plume,” fecal or urine matter can be pushed from the toilet into the air and spread onto other surfaces, a study said. It comes as coronavirus cases in the UK yesterday neared 95,000, with more than 12,000 deaths. The best way to prevent catching any form of coronavirus is to practice good hygiene, health experts say. In order to reduce your risk of infection, you should wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, not touch your eyes, nose or mouth with unwashed hands and avoid close contact with people who are sick.