As the battle against the spread of Coronavirus disease intensifies across the globe, two of Nigeria’s leading Out-of-Home media agencies, Plural Media and Invent Media, have commenced massive awareness campaign on  the pandemic on their top-of-the-market digital billboards, across Nigeria. The OOH companies, which  have since been emulated by other corporate players, like Loatsad,  Promomedia, First Bank and several others, engaged on public awareness Campaign as a way of helping to mitigate the debilitating onslaught of the Coronavirus pandemic, which has infected over a million people, and resulting in  thousands of deaths across the globe. Justifying its Company’s lead campaign on the pandemic, Managing Director of Plural Media, Mr. Uduak Bassey said the decision was solely to save lives. “As a responsible corporate citizen, we have no choice than to live, operate and act responsibly,” he added. He stated further that being a responsible corporate citizen has become the hallmark of Plural Media modus operandi, adding that the company had always been consistent in fighting on the side of the people. In his own comments, the Group Managing Director of Invent Media, Mr. Kunle Adesina  explained that it had become imperative for individuals and corporate organisations to embark on proper and massive education of the general public, in order to curtail the pandemic, which had continued to ravage  countries and economies across the globe. Similarly, founder of Loatsad  Promomedia, Mr. Seyi Tinubu, said  the agency was teaming up with Noella Foundation to commence public information campaign on COVID-19. He disclosed that his group had reserved  the use of significant segment of its digital billboards to disseminate critical information and public education campaign to support efforts aimed at combating the spread of Coronavirus.  Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE