Staff of the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) who were recently exposed to patients with the dreaded coronavirus disease are presently being monitored closely according to current guidelines, the Chief Medical Director of UBTH, Prof Darlington Obaseki, has disclosed. Besides, three patients down with the dreaded coronavirus disease have so far been treated at the hospital while two surviving patients are currently being cared for at the hospital’s isolation ward with restricted access. The medical director who stated this during the weekend in Benin said that prior to confirmation of their COVID-19 status, some of the tertiary hospital’s healthcare staff were exposed to these patients while using only Personal Protection (surgical face-masks and gloves). ALSO READ: COVID-19: Ondo lawmaker donates food items to less privileged He added: “Currently all staff who were exposed to these patients are asymptomatic and they are being monitored closely according to current guidelines.” According to him, further measures have been put in place to ensure that the staff are not unduly exposed to risks of infection with COVID-19 in the course of their providing care for patients who come to the hospital for various reasons. Obaseki said: “Healthcare workers are on the front lines in this pandemic and therefore at a higher risk of being exposed than the general public. The management and staff of UBTH while ensuring standard precautions at all times to prevent the spread of this disease, crave the support and understanding of the general public as we fight this raging battle to contain and curb COVID-19.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article