VARIOUS markets in the ancient city of Kano were besieged by people engaged in panic buying of foodstuffs and essential items to stockpile them against the commencement of lockdown announced by the state government. It would be recalled that the state governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has announced that from the 10 pm on Thursday there will be a complete lockdown in the state as a measure to curtail the spread of COVID -19, which as at the time of this report, has claimed one life amidst 21 confirmed positive cases. Subsequently, prices of foodstuffs and essential items have increased sharply. A visit to major markets in the state capital revealed a lot of panic buying.  Interviews with a cross-section of people indicated that most people do not want to be caught without sufficient food at home during the lockdown which commences today At the popular Abubakar Rimi market, the price of rice has gone up from N1,000 per measure (mudu) to N1,200 while a measure of gari now costs N600 as against N400 it was earlier. Also, at Kasuwa Kurmi, a measure of rice is now N1,200 as against N900 it was earlier, while a measure of beans now attracts N600 as against N400 sold before. In an interview at the market, one Hajia Memuba Ibrahim, said: “We do not have any option than to buy at whatever prices they give us, else there will be no foodstuffs for our families.” Mr Solomon Duke said, “I was surprised to see that the prices of foodstuffs have gone up. But what can we do? We have to buy.” When Nigerian Tribune asked some food sellers on why prices of food were high in the markets, many of them blamed it on the closure of borders linking the state. They said as of now, it was not easy for trucks carrying foodstuffs to enter the state capital as they were been prevented from entering. Only a few that were available, hence the price increase. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Anal Sex Predisposes To Cancer, HIV Infection, Others —Experts Anal sex has been described as a prevalent practice, which consistently occurs between young couples and adolescents. According to the Centre for Disease Control “anal sex is primarily growing in popularity with couples under age 45.” Also, a national survey reportedly revealed that 36 per cent of women and 44 per cent of… Read full story Coronavirus Could Be Spreading Through Farts, Says Doctor • Experts still in doubts An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports… Read full story COVID-19: Gbajabiamila Leading A Divided House —Gbillah A former deputy chairman, House Committee on Petroleum Resources (Upstream) in the eighth National Assembly and a two-term member of the House, Honourable Mark Gbillah, in this by KEHINDE AKINTOLA, speaks on the leadership style of Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, among other issues… Read full story Covid-19: NPA Defines Port Charges Waiver, Issues Terms And Conditions FOLLOWING the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic and outcry by clearing agents that terminal operators are refusing to comply with demurrage and storage waivers as directed by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), the NPA in a second letter to the terminal operators, have defined the terms of reference as regards which port charges should be waived. EDITORIAL: NNPC Boss On Refineries LAST week, the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, declared that the corporation would soon relieve itself of the responsibility of managing the country’s refineries after the ongoing rehabilitation. According to the NNPC boss, the four refineries… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (4) IN the last few weeks, I have discussed how the British colonial Masters gradually increased their control and influence over what was later called Southern Protectorate and Northern protectorate by assaulting and destroying our traditional heritage. One of the strategies was the dethronement and banishing of… Read full story Coronavirus Fallout Affects Family Planning, Women’s Health Rights The global epidemic of COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on a wide array of health, economic, social and personal decisions. With many cities on lockdown and businesses and schools shutting their doors, the COVID-19 virus is dramatically changing everyday life for people across the country, including those seeking… Read full story Of Improved Medical Care, Palliatives OBVIOUSLY, Covid-19 pandemic will change the way the world does things. One can only hope Nigeria is not left behind in the mantra of catering for citizens beyond what successive governments had rendered in terms of prompt response to emergency situations and distribution of relief materials when it matters most… Read full story Coronavirus: What Heart Patients Need To Know? People with heart disease and other underlying health conditions are at high risk of becoming seriously ill if they develop COVID-19. Now, experts warn that COVID-19 could even worsen an underlying heart conditions… Read full story COVID-19: Use Only Herbs Approved By NAFDAC, Virologists Warn A virologist, Professor Sunday Omilabu, has said that although lots of local herbs are promising for treating COVID-19, Nigerians should still be cautious to take only local herbs and herbal products licensed by National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control… Read full story Are Finger Condoms Beneficial? Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl… Read full story Are The Detained Caverton Pilots Victims Of Power Tussle? LIKE joke, like joke, the two pilots of Caverton Helicopters have continued to be detained no thanks to the controversial order issued to effect their arrest and detention by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike… Read full story