The Teachers’ Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN) has described the current lockdown where normal academic activities are disrupted and all students and their teachers in the country are confined to their houses due to COVID-19 pandemic as a wake up call for the country to make its teachers digitally literate. Registrar of the council, Professor Josiah Ajiboye, said this on Monday, saying the reality on ground where teachers could no longer on their own impart knowledge and skills on their students without governments’ e-lessons intervention on TV and radio had really exposed the poor state at which majority of Nigerian teachers are as of today as regards digital literacy and equipment. According to him, there are still lots of Nigerian teachers, especially in the remote communities, who cannot operate computers let alone use the internet to reach their students. He said: “If majority of teachers are digitally literates and equipped with devices like their counterparts in the developed countries, they would have easily continued imparting knowledge and skills on their students from home. “That is why to us in TRCN, this current lockdown is a wake-up call for us as a country. This is because if teachers are digitally literate, it will revolutionise the teaching profession and change the all-time narrative of physical face-to-face classroom arrangement between teachers and their students in the country. It will no longer be mandatory for teachers to be physically present in class before they can reach out to their students. “That is the best global practice and the world will not wait for us on this nor any other as an individual and as a country.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story