Against disobedience to stay-at-home order of the Kwara State government, the state police command has threatened to arrest violators of the order occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin, on Sunday, during a joint press briefing organized by the State Technical Committee on COVID-19, the state Police commissioner, Kayode Egbetokun, said that focus of the command before now was to force compliance and not to arrest. Also in attendance at the briefing were Deputy Governor Kayode Alabi and service chiefs. “Before now our focus was to force compliance. The purpose was not to punish but to protect Kwarans. As it is now any violator of the lockdown will be arrested and handed over for prosecution. People are already taking advantage of our leniency. “I advise the people of the state to cooperate with the state and law enforcement agencies. It is about our state and our people,” he said. ALSO READ: COVID-19 lockdown: Ondo govt distributes palliatives in hospitals Earlier, the deputy governor had expressed the state government’s displeasure with flagrant violation of non-movement order. “Government is very displeased with the reckless violation of the no-movement directive. Going forward, punitive actions shall be taken against anyone who violates the regulations. All the security agencies have been briefed to arrest violators. “For the avoidance of doubt, all our markets remain open on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays between the hours of 8 a.m. and 12noon for people to restock food and other essentials. “But there shall be no vehicular movements of any kind except for those on essential duties and trucks conveying foods and drugs and associated services earlier exempted. For emphasis, Okada, Keke Napep, taxi, private vehicles and other vehicular movements are disallowed. “People are to patronise only markets nearer to their places of residence. Movements to the markets shall be by foot. “Anyone caught violating these regulations will be prosecuted in the mobile courts and sanctioned accordingly. People are to note that convictions at this mobile courts carries the same consequences as other judicial convictions. “Government is working with market leaders to urgently create more neighbourhood markets to further ease people’s access to essential commodities. “We admit that these measures are truly hard and extraordinary. But they are the only means to flattening the curve of transmission in our state and prevent avoidable deaths and sufferings. The only alternative is to let everyone go about their normal business and let everyone get infected. No responsible government should ever allow that to open. You have elected us to protect you. We urge you to give us all the support to make that happen.” He hailed the commitment, dedication and efforts of the health workers in the state, promising to stand by them. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE