IN a bid to encourage local food production to meet the needs of the teeming population and provide leverage for the repentant militants and their families, the General Overseer of Omega Power Ministries (OPM) Apostle Chibuzor Chinyere has directed the reopening of OPM farm in readiness for the new planting season. The farm land according to Apostle Chinyere is about 150 plots and was established in Rivers State to encourage local production of produce that usually comes from the northern part of the country such as tomatoes, yam, onions and so on. He explained that a consultant from Abia State had been engaged to train repentants militants on the use of mechanised method for easy farming. “Each of the boys will be giving one plot of land where the consultant will teach them how to cultivatye different farm produce. After planting and harvesting periods, they will have adequate food to eat and sell to assist their families instead of carrying guns to go and steal or attack people,” Apostle Chinyere said. The cleric added that: “About 500 repentant militants, kidnappers and armed robbers that have given their lives to Christ via OPM evangelism would benefit from this gesture as farm implements have already been acquired”. Apostle Chinyere’s  sole mandate is to win 2 billion souls across the globe and prepare them for rapture as well as lifting the poor and the less privileged out of poverty. Recall that the repentant militants and their families have been living in OPM free estate, while Apostle Chinyere took over their feeding which was funded from tithes and offerings from church members. Apart from being a farmer, some of the repentants have been enrolled in OPM free skills acquisition to learn various skills in oil and gas, welding and tailoring.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article