The Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos has donated some relief materials to Lagos State government in support of its efforts to provide assistance to the poor and contain the coronavirus pandemic. The relief materials included 500 bags of rice and beans and 4,000 hand sanitizers. This is contained in a statement issued by the Director of Social Communications, Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos, Rev. Fr Anthony Godonu. While presenting the materials to the wife of Lagos State Governor, Dr (Mrs) Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu, at the State House, Marina, the Chancellor of the Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos, Very Rev Anthony Obanla, who represented the Archbishop, Most Rev Alfred Adewale Martins, commended the governor and the government of Lagos State for the steps that have been taken since the first index case was identified in the state. The Archbishop said: “We commend the hardwork that has been done in ensuring that we are a model state in the efforts to stem the spread of the virus. We also commend the efforts that has been made to provide palliatives to support the most vulnerable among us. “However, we cannot but admit that providing for all the people in our state is a Herculean task and it must create its own nightmare for the government. So, as a Church, we hear the cry of the people as well as understand the challenges of government.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story