The Bible says in Isaiah 53 verse 6 that we  all like sheep have gone astray, we have turned, everyone to his own way and the Lord has laid on Him the iniquity of us all. We have sinned greatly against God as individuals, families, Church and nations of the world. We no longer revere and respect and do the will of God. Our sins are worse than the ones committed by the people of Sodom and Gomorrah that God destroyed by fire in the Bible. Government of all nations have set God aside making laws in favour of evil deeds: gay marriage, lesbianism, bestiality, rape, indiscriminate sex etc. We have even heard of the establishment of Church of Satan. What else can we do to annoy God and disrespect our Maker who will not want to share His glory with anyone? In Psalm 136, the last sentence is “for His mercies endure forever” Lamentation 3 verse 22 also says it is by His mercies that we are not consumed because his compassion never fails. But mercy also has its elastic limit, which has been reached by our deeds hence His anger against us. Covid-19 is the least God can use to warn us and show that He is God and there’s none greater than He. He is showing that He reigns over the affairs of man on earth. If we want Him to bring back peace to our land and heal our land, we need to forsake our sins, turn away from our wickedness, humble ourselves and pray. He will hear us and forgive our sins and heal our land. If we turn to him, he can put an end to Covid-19 and evils in our land. And as the Prince of Peace, he will give us peace like a river and heal our land.  Marcus Jadson, ajadij3@gmail.com  EDITORIAL: NNPC Boss On Refineries LAST week, the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, declared that the corporation would soon relieve itself of the responsibility of managing the country’s refineries after the ongoing rehabilitation. According to the NNPC boss, the four refineries… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (4) IN the last few weeks, I have discussed how the British colonial Masters gradually increased their control and influence over what was later called Southern Protectorate and Northern protectorate by assaulting and destroying our traditional heritage. One of the strategies was the dethronement and banishing of… Read full story Coronavirus Fallout Affects Family Planning, Women’s Health Rights The global epidemic of COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on a wide array of health, economic, social and personal decisions. With many cities on lockdown and businesses and schools shutting their doors, the COVID-19 virus is dramatically changing everyday life for people across the country, including those seeking… Read full story Of Improved Medical Care, Palliatives OBVIOUSLY, Covid-19 pandemic will change the way the world does things. One can only hope Nigeria is not left behind in the mantra of catering for citizens beyond what successive governments had rendered in terms of prompt response to emergency situations and distribution of relief materials when it matters most… Read full story Coronavirus: What Heart Patients Need To Know? People with heart disease and other underlying health conditions are at high risk of becoming seriously ill if they develop COVID-19. Now, experts warn that COVID-19 could even worsen an underlying heart conditions… Read full story COVID-19: Use Only Herbs Approved By NAFDAC, Virologists Warn A virologist, Professor Sunday Omilabu, has said that although lots of local herbs are promising for treating COVID-19, Nigerians should still be cautious to take only local herbs and herbal products licensed by National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control… Read full story Are Finger Condoms Beneficial? Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl… Read full story Are The Detained Caverton Pilots Victims Of Power Tussle? LIKE joke, like joke, the two pilots of Caverton Helicopters have continued to be detained no thanks to the controversial order issued to effect their arrest and detention by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE