The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has recorded a total Foreign Currency (FC) outflows during the month of March amounting to $3.5 billion (-3per cent MoM), as against   a meagre $335 million foreign inflows. In its recent monthly Economic insight, NOVA Merchant Bank observed that activities at Open Market Operation (OMO) auctions in March depicted limited foreign portfolio participation, just as local supplies of FC (ex-CBN) was only $819 million with the market recording a deficit of $2.7 billion. The Nova report observed that the apex bank recorded its highest monthly intervention sales at the Investors and Exporters Window (I&EW) of the foreign exchange (FX) market  in March, with the gross external reserve depleting by $1.0 billion to adjusted level of $34.0 billion. The apex bank’s net FX sales totalled $2.9 billion, compared to net sale of $1.7 billion in February. Over the first quarter (Q1) 2019, foreign inflows summed to $3.8 billion, outflows of $9.2 billion with the apex bank’s net sales of $4.3 billion (net purchase of $4.3 billion in Q1 19). “The lower foreign inflows amidst sizeable selloffs largely reflects the impact of the global risk-off sentiment and the dwindling reserves, both of which have limited the rate of portfolio inflows, even as more funds exit the economy,” it read in part. While the apex bank offered a total of N250 billion in response to maturing instruments of N671 billion (with foreign holdings of 50per cent), subscription came in at just N120 billion which largely suggest low FPI participation, the lender reiterated. Reflecting the mounting pressure on the exchange rate and gross reserve, the CBN initiated adjustments to the NAFEX and Bureau De Change (BDC) rates to synchronised level of N380/$, and upward revision of the official rate to N359.5/$ (from N307/$) to support higher oil revenue in Naira terms. Post the adjustment, the NAFEX rate has further depreciated, closing the month at N384.45/$. As mentioned above, the apex bank initiated upward adjustments to both the NAFEX and official rates to limit pressure on the reserves in March. But with limited inflows in sight and reduced avenues to control outflows, “we do not see the adjustments having any material impact on the reserves. As such, we believe the only option that will have any meaningful impact on the reserve is an outright floating of the exchange rate with intermittent intervention to avoid unnecessary speculative attacks,” the report read in part. That said, analysts at NOVA Merchant Bank believe current breakup in supply chains and the effect of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic across countries would have resulted in a sharp decline in import demands and even services In modelling the reserve position over the rest of the year, while they have adjusted expected oil inflows to reflect the depressed oil price and the absence FPI inflows, “we also note the impact the suspension of sales to BDCs will have on CBN FX sales.” For every month the apex bank defers sales to BDCs, about $1.1 billion is saved. Also, the minimal demand for services (especially business and personal travel allowances) and imports could also halve related FX demands. As such, the major pressure for the reserves are offshore holdings of maturing fixed income instruments, which is estimated at $10.6 billion between April and December, the analysts explained further.  Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE