The body of the late Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari, which was flown into Abuja from Lagos on Saturday morning, has been buried at the Muslim section of Gudu cemetery in Abuja. It was laid to rest after prayers in accordance with Islamic rites with many well-wishers on hand to bade him farewell. The body had been received at the Nnamdi International Airport, Abuja by senior officials of the President Muhammadu Buhari administration. Kyari died in a Lagos hospital Thursday from complications related to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). ALSO READ: Obasanjo, Jonathan commiserate with Buhari over Abba Kyari’s death The Senior Special Assistant to the president on media and publicity, Garba Shehu, who confirmed the story in a statement in Abuja, said that the body was handled according to the protocol put in place for the burial of Coronavirus victims by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). He affirmed that the burial would be private and that there would be no ceremonies of condolences visits. Shehu said: “We just received the body of Abba Kyari the deceased Chief of Staff the President in Abuja. In strict observation of the protocol put in place for the burial of Coronavirus victims by the @NCDCgov and the Federal Ministry of Health, the funeral prayer and burial will be private. “Thereafter,there will be no such ceremonies as condolence visits. Well meaning friends, family members and the general public are encouraged to pray for the repose of Abba Kyari’s soul. “May Allah grant the family and nation the fortitude to bear the loss.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story Nigeria Records 51 New Coronavirus Cases, Total Now 493 Fifty-one new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 32 in Lagos, 6 in Kano, 5 in Kwara, 2 in FCT, 2 in Oyo, 2 in Katsina, 1 in Ogun, 1 in Ekiti… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE