Osun State government has discharged six more COVID-19 patients after they all tested negative to the virus on two different occasions. Their release, it was learnt is in line with the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) protocol after their treatment at the Isolation Centre in Ejigbo. The state governor, Gboyega Oyetola, who made this known via his official Twitter handle, on Wednesday afternoon, said the six were among the remaining seven Ivory Coast returnees at the Ejigbo isolation centre. “Another good news from our Isolation Centre, as 6 more COVID-19 patients have tested negative twice, in line with @NCDCgovprotocol. The patients who are among the 127 Ivory Coast returnees have been discharged to join their families,” the governor tweeted. “A total of 17 out of the 127 returnees had tested positive for the virus. 10 of the 17 were discharged on Saturday, 11 April, 2020 after testing negative twice to the virus. “This brings to 17, the number of cases that have tested negative twice and have been discharged after treatment in our state. The remaining two patients at our facility are responding to treatment and it is our hope they will recover soon and be released to reconnect with their families,” Oyetola disclosed. While commending the people of the state for their cooperation and sacrifice during this challenging period, he said: “I also appreciate all our health workers who have been working so hard to ensure we’re all safe. You’re our heroes and we can’t appreciate your sacrifices enough. God bless you all.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story COVID-19: LASACO Gives N1 Billion Free Insurance Cover To Health Workers In Osun As part of its contributions to the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, LASACO Assurance Plc has provided N1 billion free insurance cover to health workers in Osun State. About 200 frontline health workers involved in the containment of the disease in the state will now enjoy insurance cover to the tune of… Read full story 