An unidentified young man was killed by an angry mob Tuesday night for alleged armed robbery at the Indomie borehole junction on the Umaru Musa Yar ‘Adua way Abuja. Tribune Online gathered that the mob action followed the robbery of a lady who was heard shouting ‘help me, help me’ was also stabbed by the robber who then took her phone and flew the scene when he saw help coming her way while they were dragging. An Eyewitness Almu Moses who spoke with Tribune Online at the site of the charred body this afternoon said the deceased was seen dragging with the lady by the side of the road leading to town while the lady was shouting for help. Her cry for help attracted a driver and himself a motorcycle rider who stopped to help the young woman. ALSO READ: COVID-19: CAN declares seven days prayer On sighting the help coming the lady’s way the suspected robber who was trying to snatch her bag, brought out a knife and stabbed the lady making away with her phone and leaving the bag to drop in the ground he took a flight across the road crossing the road median and made into the shrubs across. The eyewitnesses said,  he chased him into the bush across and was accompanied by a soldier who tried to take the robber to the police but was told by the angry mob that the police will release him. According to Moses: “I was riding on one way last night and I saw a girl and a guy they were dragging, I slowed down and heard the lady shouting help me help me “I turned back, as I was coming back I heard an on-coming car stopping, so the thief panicked and took off, by this time I had reached there so I parked my bike and chased him into the shrubs across caught him and dragged him. “There was an Army personnel who later join in the chase after hearing the shouting ‘thief, thief.’ He parked his car because he was coming from town and saw us running into the bush and people were shouting thief. “I held the thief, the soldier collected the man from me and wanted to take him to the police when we came out of the bush the whole place was packed full with people, demanding instant justice, we do not know where they come from because the road was lonely when I chased him into the bush. “Immediately, I took my bike and left because they use that excuse to destroy be it so I left them with the soldier,” he told Tribune. Another eye-witness Ibrahim Auta said the soldier tried to take the man to the police but was threatened by the mob who said they will burn his car, suspecting he was also endangered Overwhelmed by the mob’s agitation who called for an attack on the soldier and threatening to attack him and the suspect, the witness said the soldier left the thief to save his own life. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE