The presidency has announced the death of one of President Muhammadu Buhari’s personal bodyguards, Warrant Officer Lawal Mato. According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Tuesday, said he died after a three-year battle with diabetes. It revealed that the late bodyguard had worked for President Buhari for many years. The statement said: “After three years of struggling with diabetes, one of President Muhammadu Buhari’s bodyguards, Warrant Officer Lawal Mato, on Tuesday passed away. The President described the officer, who had been working with him for many years before he won the 2015 elections, as “very thorough, trustworthy and dependable soldier who carried out his duty with diligence and focus. “President Buhari prayed that Allah will ease his passage to paradise and grant his family, government and people of Jigawa State, the fortitude to bear the loss. “WO Mato was part of a team that former President Umaru Musa Yar’adua restored to President Buhari as personal security and he had been off full duty for three years, treating diabetes.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead
Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks
Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses
DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story COVID-19 Responses Must Be Built On Human Solidarity — ILO Tells World Bank, IMF
The Director-General of the International Labour Organization (ILO), Guy Ryder, has called for an immediate human-centred response through global solidarity to the COVID-19 pandemic. In his submissions to the Spring Meetings of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank (WB), the ILO Director-General… Read full story Abia Confirms Two Cases Of Coronavirus
Abia State Government has recorded two confirmed cases of coronavirus. This is the first index case the state is recording since the novel coronavirus was first confirmed in Nigeria. In a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, on Monday night, said both patients are advanced… Read full story