Segun Kasali | Lagos  An arm of Christ Embassy, Inner-City Mission for children, has donated food items and other palliatives to the Lagos State government in order to help cushion the effect of coronavirus pandemic in the state. The Inner-City Mission for children is a non-governmental organisation under the auspices of the Chris Oyakhilome Foundation International with a Consultative Status with the United Nations. Speaking during the donation, the director of the mission, Pastor Omo Alabi, said that the effect of the pandemic and its consequent lockdown approach of the state was far-reaching; hence, the need to support the Lagos State government in providing for the poor. Alabi added that the vulnerable are not only faced with the crisis of the pandemic but also the crisis of hunger. “The rapid spread of COVID-19 is a global crisis that cannot be ignored. Businesses have shut down. Livelihoods have been affected. Many have lost their jobs. However, for the poor and vulnerable who already face food insecurity and struggle to survive daily, this is a crisis within a crisis. “In Nigeria, Lagos State has recorded the highest number of confirmed COVID-19 cases. Although with good intentions, the compulsory lockdown mandated by the government has the potential to disproportionately hurt the vulnerable and disadvantaged in the society who already lack access to stable livelihood, food security, sanitary essentials, and other basic needs. “Most of these survive through their daily means of sustenance which has now been taken away by the lockdown. While the measures put in place by the government to curb the spread of the virus are commendable, we must remember that for the needy, even as they run from the invisible enemy outside, they have to face another enemy at home – hunger. “We recognize the efforts of the Lagos State government in providing for those most disadvantaged by the situation. However, with an estimated population of over 20 million people, we know that the government needs all the support they can get. “Already, there have been reports of a spate of robberies in different parts of the state with citizens having to defend themselves against those who say hunger has pushed them into crime. “This is why we are partnering with the Lagos State government to distribute the much needed food items contributing to the government’s response plan.” Pastor Alabi said. She explained that the Mission’s Emergency Food Response targets vulnerable children, households and communities to help them cushion the effects of the government’s stay-at-home directive. The Director described the mission’s Emergency relief packages as contained lifesaving food supplies and hygiene kits required to curb the spread of the Covid19 virus.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE