Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, Senator Shehu Sani, former Aviation Minister, Osun State governor and others on Saturday morning expressed their condolenced=s over the death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Alhaji Abba Kyari, whose death was announced on Saturday morning. According to Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, “Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raji’un. I am saddened by the death of Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari. May Allah comfort his family, forgive his sins and grant him AlJannah Firdaus. Ameen.” Shehu Sani said: “Abba Kyari;The President has lost a trusted and loyal friend. A man who took the bullets of his master with smiles,calmness and silence. We knew his cap and his colours but never his mind or his own side of his story. He will be missed as a Punchman. RIP AK.” Femi Fani-Kayode said: “I have lost a friend of 40 years. We were at Cambridge together. We worked in my father’s law firm together. We remained close throughout right up until the end even though we disagreed politically. Abba was a good man: a man of honour and a loyal friend. May his soul rest in peace.” Femi Adesina says Fani-Kayode called on phone: “Former Aviation Minister, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, phoned in to condole with Presidency on passage of Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari. A great lesson for those who rejoice in evil. Fani-Kayode is morbidly anti-Buhari, but human enough to express his condolence.” Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, said: “I commiserate with @Mbuhari over the demise of his Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari. May Allah forgive Kyari’s shortcomings and grant him Aljanah Firdaus. I pray Allah also grant Mr President and the bereaved family the fortitude to bear this great loss.” Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Mele Kyari, said: “May Allah forgive Mallam Abba Kyari and have mercy upon him. Was a truly good man, profoundly faithful and loyal to our country.” Former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, said: “I am deeply saddened by the news of the passing on of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari. It is a heavy loss to The Presidency and the nation, which he gave his all. My heartfelt condolences go to his family, the Presidency and the entire nation. May his soul rest in peace. Amen.” Ogun APC: The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State has expressed deep sadness over the news of the demise of Mallam Abba Kyari, who until his death was the Chief of Staff to the President Muhammadu Buhari. In a press statement released in Abeokuta on Saturday morning and signed by its publicity secretary, Tunde Oladunjoye, the party described Mallam Abba Kyari’s death as a painful loss to the nation.