The Delta State Government has commended the Nigerian Army for arresting two soldiers shown in an online video threatening the people of Warri over a rumoured killing of an army personnel. Allegation of the threat became rife after soldiers killed one 28 years old Pessu in the oil city for allegedly flouting the lockdown order of the state government. The state’s Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu, who gave the commendation in a statement, last weekend in Asaba, noted that the military was a special force known for its discipline and wondered where the errant soldiers got their training and orientation from. Aniagwu said that no soldier was killed in Warri and that government was concerned about where the soldiers got their information that warranted their using uncouth and uncivilized language in threatening the people of Warri in a video that had gone viral. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Pope urges courage as global death toll tops 65,000 The soldiers were reportedly arrested at the Nine Brigade Military Cantonment, Ikeja, Lagos, on Friday. The commissioner called on the people to remain peaceful and continue to obey government directives which, according to him, are designed to protect the people from the dreaded Coronavirus. He said, “You will recall that in our statement on Friday, we said the attitude of the soldiers did not represent the discipline and training associated with military personnel. “Let me on behalf of the Delta State Government thank the military high command for arresting the deviant soldiers who were bent on tarnishing the image of the army. “It is worrisome that soldiers who were supposed to be highly disciplined would indulge in such acts of brutality and threats to women. “The arrest of the soldiers in the viral video will no doubt restore the confidence of Nigerians in the military. “We call on the military to carry out a full investigation into the matter with a view to bringing the culprits to justice. “As a government, we will continue to partner security agencies to ensure the peace and economic development of our state.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE