The Military High Command on Sunday said that the Nigerian troops currently waging war against the insurgents in the North East region have successfully neutralized 10 terrorists with the recovery of several weapons and assorted hard drugs. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations  (DMO) of the military, Major General John Enenche. According to the statement, the military operation was executed by the troops of Sector 2 of “OPERATION LAFIYA DOLE” in a subsidiary operation named “OPERATION KANTANA JIMLAN during the weekend in a swift response to a Boko Haram/ISWAP attack on Buni Gari Village in Gujba Local Government Area of Yobe State. It revealed that during the decisive operation by the troops over 10 terrorists were neutralized while several weapons were captured The recovered weapons include one gun truck, One Duska Anti Aircraft gun, Three GPMG, one PKT gun, Three AK 47 rifles, Large cache of ammunition, ammunition links and assorted types of hard drugs. ALSO READ: ICPC accused of failure to investigate corruption in Kogi CCT It stated that there was no casualty and no loss of equipment on side of the troops during the firefight which was won by the gallant troops and assured that the Armed Forces of Nigeria, AFN, would remain resolute and highly committed to ending the Boko Haram insurgency. The Military appealed to the general public to continue to provide timely and credible information for the enhancement of the operations towards wiping out the insurgents’ activities in the region. Abba Kyari And Koronu People In COVID-19 Nigeria THE death of President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, last Friday, like the death of any mortal, calls for sober reflection. May God grant the repose of his soul. However, for all of us—politicians, those controlling the levers of political power, lowly-placed people and humanity in entirety—the major lesson therein… Read full story Will The Media Houses Survive COVID-19? THE people are the only censors of their governors: and even their errors will tend to keep these to the true principles of their institution. To punish these errors too severely would be to suppress the only safeguard of the public liberty. The way to preserve these irregular interpositions of the people is to give them full… Read full story COVID-19: Businesses Crumble, Owners Count Losses AT the beginning of the New Year, many Nigerian business owners had drawn well-calculated work-plan to achieve bigger results in 2020 than the previous year. Based on these plans, many of them had made financial projections of huge profits and dreamt of smiling to the bank on a daily basis… Read full story Covid-19:Time For Africa Health Organisation The pandemic of Covid -19 is by default redefining the term Global Village which is a modern definition of Planet Earth or Planet Water. Global tells us we are connected: 9the air in and around us and the waters lapping our continents and the trade networks from all these. ‘Village’ tells us how humbling this reality of oneness… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE