LEADING telecommunications services provider, Airtel Nigeria, has announced the donation of toll-free lines and free bulk SMS blasts to each of the 36 States and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in support of the fight against Coronavirus. Airtel said the donation would facilitate faster response to citizens across the States as well as help in deepening awareness about safe practices, personal hygiene and other precautionary measures during this critical time. Commenting on the donation, the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Airtel Nigeria, Segun Ogunsanya, said Airtel has been closely monitoring the situation around the COVID-19 and was committed to using its resources and technology to helping contain the spread of the deadly virus. “We are reaching out to governments at all levels as we are committed to leveraging our core competence, technical expertise and digital resources in putting a stop to the spread of the virus. We believe that Nigeria will triumph and surely win the battle against this virus if we all come together to offer our sincere support,” he said. Airtel recently announced a donation of mobile phones complete with a Closed User Group (CUG) to the Port Health Services, an arm of the Federal Ministry of Health, to support its effort to track and verify passenger information at the country’s local and international airports. Airtel further launched an awareness campaign to sensitize Nigerians on the importance of taking precautionary measures in preventing the spread of coronavirus through the use of traditional and social media, with simple and creative messages translated into Yoruba, Hausa and Igbo as well as broadcast across radio, billboard, press, phones/devices and digital media. The company also recently provided zero-rated visits to the websites of the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the Federal Ministry of Health (FMOH) and changed its network ID on customers’ handsets to read, “Be Safe”, so as to increase awareness level among Nigerians on the virus.  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE