THE Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) and the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) have agreed to extend the deadline for completing the final two implementation phases of the margin requirements for non-centrally cleared derivatives, by one year. The two bodies said in a joint statement that they will continue to monitor the impact of the rapid spread of the coronavirus disease on the global financial system. The BCBS and IOSCO took this decision in light of the significant challenges posed by COVID-19, including the displacement of staff and the need for firms to focus resources on managing risks associated with current market volatility. This extension will provide additional operational capacity for firms to respond to the immediate impact of Covid-19 and at the same time, facilitate covered entities to act diligently to comply with the requirements by the revised deadline, the statement clarified. With this extension, the final implementation phase will take place on 1 September 2022, at which point covered entities with an aggregate average notional amount (AANA) of non-centrally cleared derivatives greater than â‚¬8 billion will be subject to the requirements. As an intermediate step, from 1 September 2021 covered entities with an AANA of non-centrally cleared derivatives greater than â‚¬50 billion will be subject to the requirements. The Basel Committee and IOSCO said they have published a revised version of the margin requirements to reflect this revision on their websites. The revised publication features no other substantive changes to the margin requirements framework. The responsibility for developing and maintaining high quality standards resides with the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and IOSCO said it welcomes their recent educational materials that address the application of accounting for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments during the period of economic uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 outbreak. IOSCO notes that the related IASB release and educational materials do not change, remove nor add to the requirements in IFRS 9. It noted that high quality financial reporting requires the application of professional judgment to an issuer’s particular circumstances. “Proper application of professional judgment requires appropriate skills, experience and internal controls. In particular, IFRS 9 does not set bright lines and should not be applied in a mechanistic manner. “IFRS 9 provides a principles-based framework for applying professional judgment in evaluating forward-looking scenarios when estimating expected credit losses related to financial instruments measured at amortised costs or fair value through Other Comprehensive Income,” the statement read in part.  Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story We Did Not Put Ex-Presidential Aide Obono-Obla In Illegal Detention–ICPC The Independent Corrupt Practises and other related offences Commission (ICPC) has denied allegation that it put the Chairman of the defunct Special Presidential Investigation Panel, Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, in “malicious and illegal detention.” The agency said it was responding to the claim in a press statement issued on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Kaduna Govt Begins Distribution Of N500m Food Items Kaduna State government on Saturday began distribution of the N500 million worth of food items in the eight pilot local government areas of the state. The commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba disclosed this, while flagging off the distribution at Kaduna North local government which is… Read story UPDATE: Chronic Kidney Disease Killed Enugu Health Commissioner ― Family The Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, died of chronic kidney disease, the family of the late top government official has revealed. A statement signed by Dr. Kingsley Ugochukwu on-behalf of the deceased family which was made available to Tribune Online in Enugu on Saturday stating that the late… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Begins Markets Fumigation This Week Interim Chairman, Oyo State COVID-19 task force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said the state will this week decontaminate (fumigate) markets spread across the state. As contained in a statement by Chief Press Secretary to Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the decontamination would be carried out using experts… Read full stor COVID-19: Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed, Tests Negative Unconfirmed reports have it that Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has tested negative after completing the first round of treatment for COVID-19. Though the story is trending in the social media, as at the time of filing this report, no official statement from the government unlike in the past when such… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE