The Nigerian Veterinary Medical Association (NVMA) has called on government to allow poultry and livestock feed millers to have access to the National Strategic Grains Reserve as part of palliatives to support the industry. The NVMA also asked the government to consider providing stimulus packages and social safety net for animal sector value chain actors to cushion them against the impact of COVID-19 lockdown during this period. In a statement signed by the National President of NVMA, Professor Bello Agaie, the association commended the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) for bringing on board the BSL-3 Laboratory of the National Veterinary Research Institute (NVRI), Vom, Plateau State. NVMA said with the quality and quantity of manpower and state-of-the-art facilities at the NVRI, this engagement, is worthwhile and will save the nation scarce resources that are required at this critical moment for many other activities in support of curtailing this infection “Livestock must be fed 24/7, therefore special palliatives should also be extended to poultry and livestock feed millers by giving them access to grains in the National Strategic Grains Reserve to preserve our poultry and livestock resources at this difficult time. “In addition, Government should consider providing stimulus packages and social safety net for animal sector value chain actors to cushion them against the impact of COVID-19 lockdown during this period. “We commend the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and the NCDC for bringing on board the BSL-3 Laboratory of the National Veterinary Research Institute (NVRI), Vom, Plateau State as one of the network of laboratories to handle laboratory confirmation of suspected cases of this infection. “This indeed, is in line with Global best practices and spirit of “One Health” that have brought together health professionals and Veterinarians across the world to combat this Pandemic”, the statement said. As part of their recommendations, the NVMA urged “the Government to speed up the process of procuring adequate and sufficient WHO approved COVID- 19 test kits and reagents to enhance the work of the accredited laboratories across the country and bring on board if need be quickly additional Laboratories for testing. As these laboratories could serve as the foundation for laboratory diagnosis of other viral hemorrhagic fevers that have become intractable in the country for decades post COVID-19. “Government at all levels should continue to roll out paliatives efficiently and transparently to support citizens to stay at home as long as the lock-down last and work out modalities to get businesses back to work as soon as possible without much financial shock”. NVMA assured Government and Nigerians that Veterinarians in Nigeria remains committed to playing their roes in this circumstance and would continue to engage and support all stakeholders where their expertise is required.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus
Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627
Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy
WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit
THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises
Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article