Buhari Extends Restriction Of Movement In Lagos, Ogun, FCT By Another 14 Days President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday, announced the extension of the restriction of movement in Lagos, Ogun States as well as the Federal Capital Territory by another 14 days over the coronavirus pandemic. The president, in a nationwide broadcast on Monday night, said the extension became imperative following… Read full story (BUHARI’S SPEECH): Level Of Compliance By Nigerians Has Been Very Good, Kudos To Traditional Rulers, CAN, NSCIA President Muhammadu in his broadcast expressed satisfaction with the level of compliance by Nigerians with the guidelines on the coronavirus pandemic, He also acknowledged the support of traditional rulers, the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) and the Nigerian Supreme Council of Islamic Affairs (NSCIA)… Read full story (BUHARI’S SPEECH): We’ve Identified 92% Of COVID-19 Contacts, Doubled Number Of Testing Labs President Muhammadu Buhari in his broadcast disclosed that the government has identified 92 per cent of all identified contacts of COVID-19, adding that the government has doubled the number of testing… Read full story (BUHARI’S SPEECH): We Are Concerned About Increase In Number Of Confirmed COVID-19 Cases, Deaths President Muhammadu Buhari in his broadcast expressed government’s concern about the increase in number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in the country. According to Buhari: “However, we remain concerned about the increase in number of confirmed cases and deaths being reported across the world and in Nigeria specifically… Read full story (BUHARI’S SPEECH): Large Number Of COVID-19 Infections Now Occurring In Communities Through Person-To-Person Contacts President Muhammadu Buhai in his broadcast announced that the National Centre for Disease Control has informed him that a large proportion of new infections are occurring through person-to-person contacts in communities. According to the president, “The National Centre for Disease Control has informed me… Read full story (BUHARI’S SPEECH): Why We Are Extending Lockdown By 14 Days In Lagos, Ogun, FCT Preisdent Muhammadu Buhari in his broadcast said there was the need to extend the restriction of movement in Lagos, Ogun states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) based on the briefings and reports from the Presidential Task Force and the various option offered… Read full story (BUHARI’S SPEECH): I Have Directed That Social Investment Programme Be Expanded From 2.6 Million Households To 3.6 Million President Muhammadu Buhari, in his nationwide broadcast, announced that he had directed the register for the social investment programme be expanded from 2.6 million households to 3.6 million households so that more households will enjoy from the palliative… Read full story (BUHARI’S SPEECH): I’ve Directed Ministers To Work On How COVID-19 Will Have Minimal Effect On Economy, Farming Season President Muhammadu Buhari, in his broadcast, said he had directed some ministers to work on ways of ensuring that the economy functions well during the coronavirus while also ensuring that its effect on this year’s farming season is minimised… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE