A three-day-old baby born on March 26 has tested positive for coronavirus along with his 26-year-old mother. They allegedly caught the virus after they were kept on a bed vacated by a COVID-19 patient, IndiaToday reports. The baby and his mother were shifted to Kurla Babha Hospital on Tuesday and were later again shifted to Kasturba Hospital the nodal centre for all coronavirus cases in Mumbai. The family has alleged that they got to know about the lapse when a doctor called and asked them to get tested for coronavirus. The family has claimed that no staff from the Chembur Hospital came to check on them while they were admitted. They were later shifted to another room. The father of the newborn who works as a manager at a restaurant has also been kept in quarantine at the Kasturba Hospital, which is treating over 120 COVID-19 patients. Experts suggested that the possibility of the mother being infected while she gave birth cannot be ruled out. The family was at home for 10 days during the lockdown before coming to the hospital. The Chembur Hospital has been shut for sanitisation of all surfaces. ALSO READ: COVID-19: India places total ban on chloroquine export The number of coronavirus cases in Maharashtra has increased by 33 to 335 on Wednesday while six patients died, taking the death toll to 16. Thirty of the new cases were found in Mumbai alone, two in Pune and one in Buldhana, said an official. The state had reported 302 COVID-19 cases on Tuesday. Health Minister Rajesh Tope had said earlier in the day that the number of cases would increase further because there were around 5,000 persons in the “high-risk” category. COVID-19: Kaduna Govt Begins Distribution Of N500m Food Items Kaduna State government on Saturday began distribution of the N500 million worth of food items in the eight pilot local government areas of the state. The commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba disclosed this, while flagging off the distribution at Kaduna North local government which is… Read story UPDATE: Chronic Kidney Disease Killed Enugu Health Commissioner ― Family The Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, died of chronic kidney disease, the family of the late top government official has revealed. A statement signed by Dr. Kingsley Ugochukwu on-behalf of the deceased family which was made available to Tribune Online in Enugu on Saturday stating that the late… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Begins Markets Fumigation This Week Interim Chairman, Oyo State COVID-19 task force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said the state will this week decontaminate (fumigate) markets spread across the state. As contained in a statement by Chief Press Secretary to Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the decontamination would be carried out using experts… Read full stor COVID-19: Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed, Tests Negative Unconfirmed reports have it that Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has tested negative after completing the first round of treatment for COVID-19. Though the story is trending in the social media, as at the time of filing this report, no official statement from the government unlike in the past when such… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE