A Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), Doyin and Susan Foundation, on Monday, gave cash donation worth N1 million to the less privileged widows and women in some rural communities in Isanlu, Yagba East Local Government Area of Kogi State. The communities include; Itedo-oba, Itedo-Irunda and Irunda-Ile communities in isanlu, Yagba East Local Governments Area of Kogi State, where each beneficiary received N2000 in the first phase. Speaking at the distribution of the cash gifts to vulnerable widows and women venue in Isanlu, the Founder of the NGO, Mrs Doyin Ibikunle Eshanumi, said the gesture was part of the NGO’s humanitarian activities to cushion the effect of the ‘stay at home order’ by the government in containing the outbreak and spread of the novel coronavirus. According to Eshanumi, the N1 million is targeted to reach out to about 500 beneficiaries in Isanlu communities; N500, 000 in the first phase and another N500, 000 in the second phase. “This is meant to cushion the effect of coronavirus preventive measures on the vulnerable women in the area. “This humanitarian gesture is part of the vision of our foundation to reaching out to the less privilege and the vulnerable in order to alleviate their suffering in the time of need. ALSO READ: Manchester City manager, Pep Guardiola, loses mother to coronavirus “This is not the first time we are carrying out such humanitarian activities aimed at reaching out to the less privilege in our nation as a way of improving their wellbeing,” she said. Eshanumi commended the governments and private sector for the steps they had taken so far in addressing the pandemic while calling on other NGOs to emulate the gesture and lend help to the indigent citizens. She assured the people of the State Government’s commitment under the leadership of Gov Yahaya Bello, to continue to prioritise the well being of the people and ensure their access to quality healthcare delivery. She advised the people to obey and abide by the government’s guidelines in its effort to contain the outbreak and spread of the dreaded coronavirus. She noted that the foundation did not distribute food or material items in order to maintain the social distancing directive by the government to avoid congestion and overcrowding. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE