The Anambra State Government has commenced the distribution of food to the elderly in the 179 communities to cushion the harsh impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state. Nigerian Tribune learnt that in the first phase, 15 communities across the three senatorial zones will take delivery of 200 bags of rice, five bags of salt and eight cartons of tin tomatoes each. Distributing the items on Tuesday at Aguleri community in Anambra East Local Government Area, the state Commissioner for Local Governments and Chieftaincy Matters, Chief Greg Obi explained that the state government had mapped out modalities in accordance with Governor’s directives to ensure transparency. According to him, the distribution will be done in every community in the presence of Project Monitoring and Management Office (PMMO) team, the House Member representing the area, presidents-generals, women leaders and other personalities designated for the purpose. “It will be distributed from the elders in the community to the least that will complete the number to 200. “This is one of the packages initiated by Governor Willie Obiano to cushion the effects of the sit-at-home policy. “Already, all the presidents-generals presented their lists and we have them at hand,” Obi said. Obi urged the public to maintain social distancing and observe every necessary measure directed by the government geared towards fighting the deadly Coronavirus. Also speaking, the Director-General of PMMO, Mr Obumneme Akuyili assured the people of high level of transparency and proper accountability in the distribution. The President-General, Anambra State Association of Town Unions, (ASATU), Mr Alex Onukwue expressed delighted over the gesture, saying the item would go a long way in solving the effects of the present situation. While praying for God’s intervention in the world, Onunkwe promised to maintain transparency and efficiency in the distribution of the items. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story No Going Back On Inviting Chinese Doctors, But They Won’t Have Contacts With Patients, Says FG Despite opposing the idea by many Nigerians, including the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and the Nigerian Association of Resident… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Ready To Accept Chinese Molecular Biologists, Logisticians, Not Doctors — Prof. Abayomi Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus pandemic, disclosing that… Read full story COVID-19: Chinese Doctors Must Be Quarantined For 14 Days, Follow Immigration Laws ? Gbajabiamila The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday said that Chinese doctors coming to Nigeria to assist in… Read full story FG, States, Councils To Share $150m From Stabilisation Fund • As states get debt, interest moratorium FG, CBN loans With monthly federation account receipts projected to fall below N400 billion because of coronavirus pandemic and fallen price of crude oil… Read full story Inside 56-Year-Old Ogbomoso Waterworks Begging For Government Attention On October 10, 1964, almost 56 years ago, the then Premier of the old Western Region, Chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola, inaugurated the Ogbomoso Waterworks Project on Yaku land in Ogbomoso North Local Government Area of Oyo State. The project, as one of the legacies of the old Western Region, greatly served… Read full article African Development Bank Gets Acting Director Of Communication And External Relations The African Development Bank Group has announced the appointment of Mrs. Nafissatou N’diaye Diouf as the acting Director for Communications and External Relations effective 1 April 2020… Read full story