A member of the National Assembly representing Oyo South senatorial district, Senator Kola Balogun has called on the Federal Government to accord Oyo State the special consideration it accorded Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States in view of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Senator Balogun said Oyo State is closer to Lagos in terms of proximity and commerce and wondered why Ogun State was given preference over Oyo. The lawmaker was said this during a radio interview programme in Abuja which was monitored by Tribune Online. While expressing reservation over the Federal Government’s condition that Oyo State must lockdown before it could be accorded special status, the Senator said this is not necessary especially in Oyo State. He said he was working in collaboration with his colleagues in the House of Representatives to write a protest letter on the matter. “When the letter is ready, I am going to follow it up personally. I will also take up the matter with the Senate President. ALSO READ: FG’s conditional cash transfer scheme commences in Oyo “Oyo State should be the place to be given special attention. For instance, the University College Hospital (UCH) which was the fourth-best in the commonwealth of nations has problems. “The facilities have run down. For me, the situation is a wake-up call to the Federal Government to address these problems. The pandemic will go away but we should use this opportunity to prepare for the future. We are not praying for the outbreak of the epidemic but at least we should also have health facilities that are inviting. “Why don’t we take advantage of the various interventions and let established and tertiary hospitals like UCH access such interventionist fund that can be used to upgrade their facilities and not wait until coronavirus or any other virus breaks out before we begin to act.” The senator on behalf of himself, his family and members of his senatorial district wish the state governor, Engr. Seyi Makinde speedy recovery saying their thoughts and prayers are with him. He commended the state governor for his efforts in fighting the pandemic in terms of the support for the UCH diagnostic centre and for opening isolation centres in some parts of the state. Meanwhile, the lawmaker, last week distributed food items and protective kits including hand sanitisers, face masks, hand gloves among others to members of his senatorial district.