The Joint Health Sector Unions, JOHESU and Assembly of Healthcare Professionals(AHPA) have called on its members to support the Federal and State governments’ efforts to contain the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. In a statement signed on Wednesday in Abuja by the JOHESU National Chairman, Mr Joy Josiah and its National Secretary, Mrs Florence Ekpebo, the unions commended members for their courageous efforts so far. The union particularly mentioned members at borders, entry points, emergency units, ICU and in various Isolation Centres for their resilience and commitment to combat the dreaded COVID-19 menace. “JOHESU observes that in spite of agitations among health workers over unkept commitment and promises from federal and states government, health workers have stood tall in the forefront as first responders in stemming the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. “Leadership greatly salutes the commitment and patriotism shown by members and call for both federal and state governments to provide the needed Personal Protective Equipment, other necessary gadgets, etc, for the protection of members at this very trying time of our Nation,” it said. The union also commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his instructive broadcast on COVID-19. ALSO READ: Unizik debunks rumour it’s VC tested positive to coronavirus JOHESU demanded strong inclusion of its members in the implementation of the various economic stimulus measures, interventions and palliatives mentioned in the speech to motivate health professionals and staff. JOHESU further charged members to actively participate in all Taskforce and Committees, while calling for the inclusion of members in the various COVID-19 taskforce and committees by both federal and state governments in combatting the pandemic. “We appeal to Nigerians to adhere to all instructions and regulations, including the stay at home order and work from home directives to guide against further spread of the virus. ” We are strongly appealing to citizens to maintain good hygiene, by washing hands with soap frequently or use appropriate alcohol-based hand sanitizers and reminds all, the importance of strict observance of social distancing and stay safe,” the union said. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story COVID-19: FG To Reach 11m Nigerians With Palliatives About 11 million Nigerians are to benefit from the Federal Government’s palliatives to help them to mitigate the adverse effects of the measures imposed to curb the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. A member of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Minister of Humanitarian Affairs… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Gives NCDC Two Weeks To Locate 5,000 Contacts President Muhammadu Buhari has given the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) two weeks to effectively locate about 5,000 contacts of COVID-19 across the country.  The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 also revealed on Tuesday that Nigeria is very short of ventilators required for the treatment and handling… Read full story COVID-19: How We Have Been Coping With Lockdown, Nigerian Women Speak Dupe Ajisegbede, CEO Dimples Fasion Et al: My strategy is to work from home. My husband had decided that the kids were not going out at all in this season, but because we are aware that children have a short attention span, we agreed to take them out shopping with us for food items, on the condition that they won’t come out… Read full story Can Your Marriage Survive The Coronavirus? CNN recently disclose few ways married people could survive this period of social distancing. While speaking with several Licensed Marriage and Family Therapists, clinical psychologists and married people about how to make sure marriage isn’t a casualty of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story Europe’s COVID-19 Crisis And IMF’s Response COVID-19 has struck Europe with stunning ferocity. While we do not know how long the crisis will last, we know that the economic impact will be severe. In Europe’s major economies, nonessential services closed by government decree account for about one-third of output. This means that each month these sectors remain… Read full article  The APC Unending Cold War Former Lagos State governor and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Bola Tinubu, in his metaphorical allusion to the leadership tussle rocking his party, likened it to a virus. In an open letter on the eve of the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting which was eventually aborted… Read full article 