THE Aare Musulumi of Yorubaland, Alhaji Dawud Akinola, has donated the sum of N25 million to the Federal Government as a contribution towards the containment of coronavirus in the country. The renowned merchant made the donation to the government’s COVID-19 Pandemic Support Account with the Central Bank of Nigeria through his company, De-Damak Nigeria Limited. Akinola had earlier supported the Oyo State government’s efforts to contain the spread of the virus with a donation of N20 million to the state’s COVID-19 containment fund, also through his company. The latest donation to the Federal Government was announced via a letter which he wrote to intimate President Muhammadu Buhari of the gesture. According to Alhaji Akinola, the donation was based on one of the teachings of Islam which enjoins charity and compassion towards others, especially in times like this which are characterised by severe, desperate circumstances. In the letter, the Muslim leader also commended the president for ensuring security of lives and property of Nigerians in the midst of the various challenges thrown up by the COVID-19. The letter, dated 9 April, 2020, reads: “I respectfully write to inform Your Excellency that a transfer of the sum of N25,000,000.00 (twenty-five million naira only) was made to the COVID-19 Pandemic Support Account with the Central Bank of Nigeria, being my little contribution towards the containment of coronavirus in the country. “This is based on the teachings of my faith as stated in the Holy Qur’an, Chapter five Verse 32 that ‘Whoever saves a life it is as if he has saved the whole of mankind’. It is, therefore, my conviction that that my token will go a long way in saving lives. “I also join other good-spirited people of Nigeria to wish all those who have tested positive for the pandemic virus speedy and permanent recovery. And I pray Allah to free the world in general and Nigeria in particular of the pandemic. “Sir, kindly permit me to use this medium to praise Almighty Allah for Your Excellency’s proactiveness in ensuring security of lives and property across the nation despite the various challenges. I pray that Allah will continue to guard and guide you aright. “Kindly accept the best wishes of my office as the Chairman and Chief Executive of De-Damak Nigeria Limited.”  EDITORIAL: NNPC Boss On Refineries LAST week, the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, declared that the corporation would soon relieve itself of the responsibility of managing the country’s refineries after the ongoing rehabilitation. According to the NNPC boss, the four refineries… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (4) IN the last few weeks, I have discussed how the British colonial Masters gradually increased their control and influence over what was later called Southern Protectorate and Northern protectorate by assaulting and destroying our traditional heritage. One of the strategies was the dethronement and banishing of… Read full story Coronavirus Fallout Affects Family Planning, Women’s Health Rights The global epidemic of COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on a wide array of health, economic, social and personal decisions. With many cities on lockdown and businesses and schools shutting their doors, the COVID-19 virus is dramatically changing everyday life for people across the country, including those seeking… Read full story Of Improved Medical Care, Palliatives OBVIOUSLY, Covid-19 pandemic will change the way the world does things. One can only hope Nigeria is not left behind in the mantra of catering for citizens beyond what successive governments had rendered in terms of prompt response to emergency situations and distribution of relief materials when it matters most… Read full story Coronavirus: What Heart Patients Need To Know? People with heart disease and other underlying health conditions are at high risk of becoming seriously ill if they develop COVID-19. Now, experts warn that COVID-19 could even worsen an underlying heart conditions… Read full story COVID-19: Use Only Herbs Approved By NAFDAC, Virologists Warn A virologist, Professor Sunday Omilabu, has said that although lots of local herbs are promising for treating COVID-19, Nigerians should still be cautious to take only local herbs and herbal products licensed by National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control… Read full story Are Finger Condoms Beneficial? Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl… Read full story Are The Detained Caverton Pilots Victims Of Power Tussle? LIKE joke, like joke, the two pilots of Caverton Helicopters have continued to be detained no thanks to the controversial order issued to effect their arrest and detention by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE