A 15-year-old teenager has been killed by his abductors in Bauchi despite the payment of N5.5 million ransom by his parents after promising to release him, his father disclosed on Sunday, April 12. The kidnappers abducted the teenager, Abubakar Sadiq Suleiman, collected a ransom of N5.5 million from his parents but rather than release him, they went ahead to kill him and buried his body at a place where his parents and policemen found it. Narrating the incident in Bauchi on Sunday, April 12 shortly after the funeral prayers of the boy, the father, Malam Mohammed Auwal Suleiman, said that on Thursday, April 2, he was called on his mobile phone and was asked if he was the father of Sadiq to which he said yes. The caller then told him that they have abducted his son and will need the sum of N10 million or else they will kill him if he didn’t bring the money as soon as possible. According to the father, “when they dropped the phone, I called my wife and asked her where was Sadiq and she searched the house and told me that he was not around. I told her I was coming because I was among those selected to be part of the task force on coronavirus. “I drove back home, and after two days they called me again and asked me to give them N7 million. They collected some amount of money and sent me three different account numbers and asked me to deposit money in them and I complied. They then told me that after the evening prayers, I should go and take my son in Inkil village. I paid a total of N5.5 million. “Later they called and asked me to go to Kangere near a church and that I will see my son. We went there with my brothers and searched for the boy but we didn’t see him.” He also said that “we came back and after that, I received a phone call from the police because the matter was reported to them. They told me that they have arrested three suspects in connection with the incident and that I should come and see them because they confessed that they are responsible for the kidnapping of my son. “Last Friday, police told us that the suspects said that the boy had been killed and they took us and the police to a place where they buried the remains of Sadiq. We dug the grave and found his body, so we took the body to a mortuary.” When contacted on the incident, Bauchi State Police Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Kamal Datti Abubakar, confirmed the incident and said that the police has since commenced investigations into the matter.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story