After Tribune Online published a report that one Inspector Okosun allegedly extorted N120,000 from one Mrs Nwabuabo Obiajulu for violating the lockdown order in Delta State, the victim has said that the money has been returned. Mrs Obiajulu made the disclosure on Sunday night, saying Inspector Okosun approached her at about 5:00 p.m around Post Office area of Ogwashi-Uku and “threw” the money at her, warning her not to honour any invitation. “Those people (Inspector Okosun and his team) just drove to my place around Post Office and threw the money at me and said if anybody called me to anywhere, I should not go,” she said. Tribune Online had, on Sunday afternoon, published the alleged act of the police officer as gathered from Mrs Obiajulu. The Delta State Commissioner of Police, Mr Muhammed Inuwa, who got a hint of the incident had, on Sunday, promised to deal with officers who were bringing the name of his command to disrepute. Inuwa, who reacted via a text message because his line was busy, promised to investigate the matter, but had requested the presence of the woman and her son in her office at Asaba. “Honestly, I am just hearing about it. But please could you help by bringing her and her son to my office so that I can immediately act on the matter? “I will be very happy to see you all so that I can deal decisively with such bad eggs within our midst, pls,” he pleaded. But before Mrs Obiajulu and her son could reach Inuwa, Inspector Okosun, with his team at about 5:00 p.m, met the woman at Post Office area of Ogwashi-Uku and “threw” the N120,000 at her. It will be recalled that Inspector Okosun had allegedly extorted N120,000 from Mrs Nwabuabo Obiajulu on Friday, April 17 at about 12 noon at Asagba Police Station near Ogwashi-Uku. Mrs Obiajulu had told our correspondent that she had sent her son with her ash colour Lexus Ex300 with registration number ABJ306JY to buy petrol from a filling station to power their generating set. Chukwuweiki was said to be on his way when a team of police patrol team, led by Mr Okosun in a blue Toyota Hilux and a Range Rover, blocked him at NEPA junction and because he wasn’t sure of their identity, he manoeuvred his way back home while the police team trailed behind. Mrs Obiajulu was later reportedly arrested with her car taken to Asagba Police Station where she was forced to cough up N300,000 at first before her pleas to pay N120,000 was accepted.