Kwara State government has commenced dredging of Asa river in Ilorin to prevent annual flood disaster in the Ilorin metropolis. Speaking with the state Commissioner for Environment, Architect Aliyu Muhammad Saifudeen, in Ilorin, on Monday, he said that Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq has approved the contract for the dredging of the river. He said dredging which covers over four kilometres of the river is expected to get rid of all obstacles hampering the smooth flow of the river. ALSO READ: Lockdown has slowed down spread of coronavirus in Nigeria, says presidential task force “Accordingly, the notorious annual flood at various points, especially at the bridges, will certainly be a thing of the past,” he said. He also said that contractor has been given four weeks to complete the project, adding that he had assured the contractor of the cooperation of his ministry in achieving this. Saifuddeen said henceforth, the river will enjoy regular maintenance to add beauty to the aesthetic value of the state capital. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story China Imposes Restrictions On Research Into Origins Of Coronavirus China has imposed restrictions on the publication of academic research on the origins of the novel coronavirus, according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities, that have since been removed from the web, CNN reports… Read full story MONDAY LINES: The Sleaze Of COVID-19 IT is not only the antiseptic smell of hospitals that should worry you in these times of coronavirus. You should also be bothered about doctors who infect you with drunken unawareness and wicked greed. They are many in Abuja, from the Villa to the ministries and agencies where COVID-19 has become big business… Read full story