An explanation on the Wednesday morning fire outbreak that affected the fourth floor of Treasury House, the headquarters of Office of Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF), where documents on capital projects and capital releases to ministries, departments and parastatals are kept and processed, has emerged. Although details on how the fire was ignited were still sketchy, Minister of State for Budget and National Planning, Prince Clem Agba, who briefed journalists said it started when a staff switched on an air-conditioner (AC) which sparked. He, however, said a full-scale investigation involving forensic experts may be eventually instituted to ascertain the real cause of the inferno. Agba, who was accompanied on the visit to the scene by Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), Mr Ahmed Idris, also said there were neither human casualties nor destruction to sensitive data and records by the fire, which raged for over 30 minutes before it was eventually put out by a 25 firefighting trucks from Central Bank of Nigeria, Federal Fire Service, FCT Fire Service and Julius Berger firefighters. Explaining, he said, “An officer came to the office. He put on the air conditioner and there was a spark. He noticed smoke and he immediately put it off, but it was still smouldering and he had to rush out to get some help. “The only thing that has happened to the data centre is the exterior where we have the cooling units at the back. The data centre always has to be cool. “One of the things we’ve done is to shut down the data centre since the cooling units are not functioning optimally. “We’ve directed that those cooling units should be immediately put in order so that we do not lose anything in that data centre.” In his remarks, the AGF, Mr Idris Ahmed there was no need to link the fire incident to sabotage and urged the public to wait for the outcome of the investigation. “I can’t point to sabotage. We should allow the investigation to be carried out. I myself can be a suspect.” On why such a sensitive office had no fire tenders, Ahmed said fire truck acquisition and the establishment of a sub-station were part of the reforms for the office of the AGF. “We know the initial arrangement did not make adequate provision for fighting fire. We’re putting up a sub-station for firefighting and acquiring some more gadgets. Some are in the store; just that they’ve not been commissioned. It’s unfortunate that fire happened. “The property is insured and we insisted on insurance for the treasury building. I’m glad the government agreed and provided funds,” he added.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article Lagos Govt Wants Completion Of Primary Six Policy For JSS1 Admission Enforced The Lagos State government has indicated it willingness to start enforcing the completion of six years primary education policy for all pupils who want to gain admission into junior secondary schools (JSS1) in both the public and private schools in the state. It said that had been a national policy on education for… Read full story Kwara Locks Down Offa To Contain COVID-19 Kwara State government has ordered a total lockdown of the ancient town of Offa in the Offa local government area of the state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Wednesday evening, the state deputy governor, who is also the chairman of the technical committee on COVID-19 in the state, Mr Kayode Alabi, said that the… Read full story COVID-19: We Have Repatriated Over 44,000 Citizens From 78 Countries, Says US State Dept The United States has announced that over 44,000 of its citizens have been repatriated from 78 countries over the pandemic coronavirus. The United States Department of State therefore stated that there was no greater priority than the safety and security of US citizens overseas… Read full story BREAKING: Kidnapped Elder Brother Of Bauchi Gov, Alh Adamu Duguri, Regains Freedom Yaya Adamu Duguri, the kidnapped elder brother of Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed has regained his freedom. Reports gathered by Tribune Online revealed that Yaya Adamu Duguri who was kidnapped about two weeks ago by armed men was released on Tuesday evening… Read full story BREAKING: Four Feared Killed In Kaduna For Flouting Stay-At-Home Order Four people have been reportedly killed by policemen who came to quell a fight between some youths and members of the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) at Tirkaniya market in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Trouble started when some youths came to buy food items at the market but were told to… Read full story  