The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) has put on hold its proposed industrial action, scheduled to take place this week over the government inability to keep to agreements entered into with the union in 2010; and shortcomings with the payment of February 2020 salaries in Federal Polytechnics. The union said it was putting on hold the proposed strike in deference to overriding national interest and humanity, and to resume at a more auspicious period. In a statement signed by the President of ASUP, Com Anderson Ezeibe, the union said it was concerned at the prevailing but unacceptable rate of the spread of the dreaded COVID 19 pandemic across the nation and its debilitating consequences on the national life and indeed humanity Com. Ezeibe said: “Moved by the overriding need to collectively focus on and arrest the growing spread of this scourge in our nation, the union has resolved to put on hold its proposed industrial action in deference to overriding national interest and humanity to resume at a more auspicious period.” He encouraged their members nationwide to play complementary roles and deploy their professional competencies as well as participating in safe community action efforts in the fight against the COVIC 19 pandemic. ALSO READ: Relief packages meant for poor, vulnerable people only ― Ogun govt The ASUP President also called on his members to observe the requisite safety protocols as prescribed within this challenging period and beyond. “While our union has decided on this path of patriotism, it is expected that the government will provide the enabling environment to ensure an all-encompassing and sustainable victory against not only the COVIC 19 pandemic but also against other similar diseases ravaging our nation,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article