The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Thursday, has debunked the news that it has spent over a billion naira on sending short message service to people. Recall that a graphical image has been making rounds, claiming that the NCDC spent 1billion naira on sending SMS to educate Nigerians. However, NCDC has said that the SMSM, which is a key part of the COVID-19 response strategy, has been sponsored by Airtel, MTN and GLO. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NAFDAC grants approval for antibody, antigen test kits usage NCDC, in a tweet on its verified Twitter page, said: “The headline claiming that NCDC has spent N1 billion on SMS to Nigerians is FALSE “While communication through SMS is a key part of our #COVID19 response strategy, this has been largely provided as in-kind support by AirtelNigeria, MTNNG, GloWorld “#TakeResponsibility” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article