The Bishop of Egba Diocese (Anglican Communion), Right Reverend Emmanuel Adekunle, has advised residents of Ogun State to abide by the Federal Government stay-at-home order as part of measures to contain the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Adekunle, while speaking with Tribune Online on Friday, said the pandemic could only be checked if all citizenry adhered to social distancing and personal hygiene. The cleric said the diocese had directed all parishes to provide palliatives to their members, including the aged, vulnerable and widows, in order to mitigate the effects of the sit-at-home. ALSO READ: [BREAKING] COVID-19: Osun reports six new cases as number totals 190 He added that the diocese itself would be distributing 1,500 relief packages, comprising food items and sachet waters in the first phase, to complement the efforts of the parishes. The bishop said two committees, the Aged and Vulnerable Ministry and the Egba Diocesan Medical Advisory Board, were coopted for the exercise. “It is imperative that we all abide by the order of both the Federal and State Governments to stay at home for the next 14 days to combat this disease. “The disease is not a respecter of any age or status. We must maintain social distancing and improve on our personal hygiene to stay alive,” he added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story