The Defence Headquarters on Tuesday said that the Nigerian Navy has located two illegal refineries around Opumami in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, Defence Headquarters, Brigadier-General Benard Onyeuko. It stated that the sites were located by the Nigerian Navy Ship DELTA patrol teams which conducted anti-Crude Oil Theft (COT)/anti-illegal bunkering operations in its Area of Operation during the week. According to it, “the site had 30 ovens, 40 receivers and 16 dugout pits cumulatively laden with about 120,000 litres of product suspected to be stolen crude oil and 40,000 litres of suspected illegally refined AGO.” The statement further added that on the same day, the team discovered another illegal refinery site at around Opumami general area. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lateef Fagbemi gives N20,000 each to 250 young lawyers in Ibadan as palliative This, according to the statement had two ovens, one receiver, eight 250 litres metal drums and one dugout pit cumulatively laden with about 30,000 litres of suspected stolen crude oil and 25,000 litres of product suspected to be illegally refined AGO. It, however, stated that no arrest was made during the operations as the miscreants fled on sighting NNS DELTA patrol team and assured that due process was being followed to clear the site. In the same vein, Nigerian Navy Ship DORINA has arrested a fishing trawler, HAJIYA BINTA for operating in Nigerian waters without its Automatic Identification System (AIS). The statement said that the arrest was effected at about five nautical miles off the ESCRAVOS breakwaters and that upon interrogation, the captain of the vessel, affirmed that the AIS of the vessel was not operational as at the time of her arrest due to a fault it developed while at sea. It stated that the fishing trawler was consequently handed over to Nigerian Maritime Safety Administration, NIMASA officials for necessary action.