Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Wednesday, has announced 22 more new cases of coronavirus  (COVID-19), making the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria rise to 276. “Twenty-two new cases of #COVID19 have been reported in Nigeria: 15 in Lagos, 4 in the FCT, 2 in Bauchi, 1 in Edo,” NCDC tweeted. “As at 09:00 pm 8th April there are 276 confirmed cases of #COVID19 reported in Nigeria. Fourty-four have been discharged with six deaths. “As at 09:00 pm 8th April, there are 276 confirmed cases, 44 discharged, 6 deaths. For more info- http://covid19.ncdc.gov.ng. Currently “Lagos- 145 FCT- 54 Osun- 20 Oyo- 11 Edo- 12 Bauchi- 8 Akwa Ibom- 5 Kaduna- 5 Ogun- 4Enugu- 2 Ekiti- 2 Rivers-2 Benue- 1 Ondo- 1 Kwara- 2 Delta- 1 Katsina-1”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City
The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response
First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines
THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article Lagos Govt Wants Completion Of Primary Six Policy For JSS1 Admission Enforced
The Lagos State government has indicated it willingness to start enforcing the completion of six years primary education policy for all pupils who want to gain admission into junior secondary schools (JSS1) in both the public and private schools in the state. It said that had been a national policy on education for… Read full story Kwara Locks Down Offa To Contain COVID-19
Kwara State government has ordered a total lockdown of the ancient town of Offa in the Offa local government area of the state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Wednesday evening, the state deputy governor, who is also the chairman of the technical committee on COVID-19 in the state, Mr Kayode Alabi, said that the… Read full story COVID-19: We Have Repatriated Over 44,000 Citizens From 78 Countries, Says US State Dept
The United States has announced that over 44,000 of its citizens have been repatriated from 78 countries over the pandemic coronavirus. The United States Department of State therefore stated that there was no greater priority than the safety and security of US citizens overseas… Read full story BREAKING: Kidnapped Elder Brother Of Bauchi Gov, Alh Adamu Duguri, Regains Freedom
Yaya Adamu Duguri, the kidnapped elder brother of Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed has regained his freedom. Reports gathered by Tribune Online revealed that Yaya Adamu Duguri who was kidnapped about two weeks ago by armed men was released on Tuesday evening… Read full story BREAKING: Four Feared Killed In Kaduna For Flouting Stay-At-Home Order
Four people have been reportedly killed by policemen who came to quell a fight between some youths and members of the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) at Tirkaniya market in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State.
Trouble started when some youths came to buy food items at the market but were told to… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE