Over 9,000 persons suspected to have come in contact with COVID-19 patients have so far been traced by the Nigerian Center for Disease Control, (NCDC). The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire revealed this at the daily briefing by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 in Abuja. According to Dr Ehanire, about 99 per cent of the persons have exceeded the 14 days observation period. ALSO READ: Pastor who defied social distancing dies after contracting COVID-19, Church says The Minister, however, said the increase in cases was due to more testing of suspected persons, adding that Nigeria currently has the capacity to test about 1,500 persons each day for COVID-19 with its 12 testing laboratories across the six geo-political zones. Ehanire urged persons with symptoms of the Virus to submit themselves for testing and subsequent treatment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story