Lagos State has recorded another COVID-19 related death in the state bringing the number of deaths to 14 with 309 confirmed cases and 94 discharged. The State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, disclosed this via his Twitter handle on Sunday. According to him, the deceased, an 83-year-old woman, had underlying health issues before contracting the virus. He tweeted, “23 new COVID-19 cases confirmed in Lagos. The total number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Lagos is now 309. “4 COVID-19 patients were discharged as of 18th of April bringing the total discharged cases to 94. “Lagos recorded one death, bringing the total number of COVID-19 related deaths in Lagos to 14. The deceased is a female, aged 83 with underlying health issues. “Let’s observe social distancing and stay home to stop the transmission of COVID-19 infection.” ALSO READ: Kyari’s burial: Why we were asked to self-isolate ― Garba Shehu We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story Mother Infects 17 Of Her 18 Biological, Adopted Children With Coronavirus Before Finding Out She Was Positive A woman in New York, United States, unknowingly infected 17 of her 18 children, including some who were adopted, because she showed no symptoms after contracting the coronavirus and Brittany Jencik of Penfield, near Rochester, said she infected her kids while asymptomatic about five weeks ago… Read full story Abba Kyari And Koronu People In COVID-19 Nigeria THE death of President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, last Friday, like the death of any mortal, calls for sober reflection. May God grant the repose of his soul. However, for all of us—politicians, those controlling the levers of political power, lowly-placed people and humanity in entirety—the major lesson therein… Read full story Will The Media Houses Survive COVID-19? THE people are the only censors of their governors: and even their errors will tend to keep these to the true principles of their institution. To punish these errors too severely would be to suppress the only safeguard of the public liberty. The way to preserve these irregular interpositions of the people is to give them full… Read full story COVID-19: Businesses Crumble, Owners Count Losses AT the beginning of the New Year, many Nigerian business owners had drawn well-calculated work-plan to achieve bigger results in 2020 than the previous year. Based on these plans, many of them had made financial projections of huge profits and dreamt of smiling to the bank on a daily basis… Read full story Covid-19:Time For Africa Health Organisation The pandemic of Covid -19 is by default redefining the term Global Village which is a modern definition of Planet Earth or Planet Water. Global tells us we are connected: 9the air in and around us and the waters lapping our continents and the trade networks from all these. ‘Village’ tells us how humbling this reality of oneness… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE