The Ogun State Government has deployed 900 personnel to disinfect all markets, schools, police stations, religious centres and other public places across the state, as part of steps to contain the coronavirus disease. Stating this was the Secretary to the State Government, Mr Olatokunbo Talabi, on Tuesday, at the official flag-off of the fumigation exercise, held at the popular Kuto Market, in Abeokuta. Talabi flanked by top government functionaries said various equipment has been acquired by the government to carry out the exercise. The SSG explained that chemicals used in fumigating the places were non-toxic but very effective for bacteria and viruses. “We are starting with the biggest high traffic areas which include the markets, high street where you have shops. “We are taking this opportunity of the lockdown to also disinfect the schools before our children go back there, we want to disinfect the police station, we want to disinfect the churches, mosques, all gathering places. Every public visitation,” he added. Talabi enjoined residents to disinfect their homes as well, asking them to approach the state government for items that could be used in carrying out the fumigation exercise. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story