NIGERIA’s Covid-19 response has put in bold relief the need to develop and utilise the research capacities of Nigerians to address problems. So far, the response to the Covid-19 pandemic has been to import testing kits and equipment to manage the unfolding crisis. Although there have been records of isolated individual development of equipment such as ventilators and other innovations in addressing the pandemic, there has been no visible, remarkable connection with the country’s research institutions. While in many countries the search for a solution has demonstrated the organic relations between public and private research institutions and governmental actions to arrest the pandemic, these institutions have been less visible in Nigeria. For instance, Oxford University has commenced human trials for the vaccine against Covid-19. A number of laboratories in universities across the globe have developed and improved a number of testing kits for Covid-19 even as they tried to understand the nature of the virus. The absence of similar research and development initiatives from universities and research institutions, with the possible exception of the Federal University of Jigawa which has commenced the clinical trial of a plant-based Covid-19 medicine, marks the response to the pandemic in Nigeria. This Covid-19 experience compels attention to the development of research potentials in medicine, social sciences and related fields. Addressing Covid-19 and other challenges must go beyond brick and mortar approaches such as building isolation and testing centres; there must be a revamping of the workings of Nigeria’s health system and research infrastructure. The government continues to invest resources in the country’s educational and research institutions without regard to the use of the output of such institutions. There are lots of research activities in these institutions, but the findings are not utilised.  The universities are filled with shelved theses and dissertations, reports and documents that are not translated into use. This situation must not continue. As there are increasing pressures for government funding of these institutions, there must be a corresponding demand on them to solve collective problems. They are centres of innovation and problem solving. But they cannot deliver on these scores if they are not connected to the government and the private sector for problem solving and development. Their research and innovation must be harnessed by government and industry. Today, both the government and industry rely largely on foreign sources to solve problems. Covid-19 has demonstrated that each country must learn to take care of itself even as it collaborates internationally. The state governments have diverse challenges and run universities and research institutions. They should also invest in research and development. They should reach out to these institutions to address problems. They do not have to wait for the Federal Government.  Admittedly, research involves substantial investment and there may be problems of accountability. But these can be addressed by proper audit and accounting structures. Clearly defined processes of moving research from inception to utilisation of findings must become the norm. The National Universities Commission (NUC), the Ministry Of Education and the industrial sector must collaborate to ensure that this happens. With few exceptions, the wealthy have neglected local research and innovation institutions because they believe that they can access services and facilities in foreign lands. Medical tourism has been the rule. Those in government have acted as if the effective working of the country’s institutions did not matter since they could meet their needs for health and education abroad. This tendency evolved from the taste for expensive foreign goods as a mark of class, as if excellent and quality goods and services cannot be produced here in Nigeria. Covid-19 has simply made medical tourism impossible while it lasts. It has become clear that it is in the interest of both the poor and the wealthy to establish systems that work in health, education and research as backbones of development in Nigeria. Although wealthy individuals and companies have invested in research, they are reputed more for funding sports and entertainment activities. It is time for them to pay more attention to scientific research and innovation. They must invest their resources in Nigerian research and development institutions. That is how advanced countries have development legacy institutions. The Nigerian government and private sector organisations must transform the challenge of Covid-19 into an opportunity to build and utilise capacity for research and development in diverse fields.    NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING FG Launches Free E-Learning Portals For Primary, Secondary School Students
THE Federal Government has launched free e-learning portals for all students in primary and secondary schools following the closure of schools nationwide to prevent the spread of COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story PHOTOS: Man Who Had 281 Children From 47 Wives Dies At 73 In Angola
About a thousand mourners and sympathisers flouted Angolan president João Lourenço’s directive banning large gatherings – as a measure to curtail the spread of coronavirus – to pay their last respects to Francisco Tchikuteny Sabalo, the man who fathered 281 children from 47 wives at Mungongo Island in Angola on April 19… Read full story UK To Start Trials On Whether Plasma Could Help COVID-19 Patients
Britain is to start trials to see whether plasma collected from donors who have recovered from COVID-19 could be an effective treatment for patients who are severely unwell with the disease. Up to 5,000 severely ill patients with COVID-19 could soon be treated each week with plasma as part of a new approach to treating the virus… Read full story Four Docked In Ondo Over Murder Of Fasoranti’s Daughter
Four persons were on Friday arraigned before an Akure Chief Magistrate’s court for the murder of daughter of Afenifere leader, Mrs. Funke Olakunri. The four accused persons, Muhammed Shehu, 26; Mazaje Lawal, 40; Adamu Adamu, 60 and Awalu Abubakar, 25, were arraigned on a three-count charge of conspiracy… Read full story WHO Appoints Okonjo-Iweala As COVID-19 Special Envoy
United a Nations, April 25, 2020 (NAN) The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Friday named former Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, as a Special Envoy for the newly inaugurated Access to COVID-19 Tools (ACT) Accelerator… Read full story Identical Twin Sisters Die Of Coronavirus In Same Hospital Three Days Apart
An identical twin sisters have died within three days of each other after testing positive for coronavirus in Britain, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported. Children’s nurse Katy Davis, 37, died at Southampton General Hospital on Tuesday. Her sister, Emma, herself a former nurse, died at the same hospital early on Friday… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING