It may take three years for African economies to recover from the slowdown brought by the coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic, according to the continent’s finance ministers. Bloomberg reported that Development partners should consider debt relief because of this possibility, African finance ministers are asking for special consideration by development partners. ALSO READ: COVID-19 shutdown: Youths flood Warri street with football skills According to them, the negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic could linger for two- to three-year period for all African nations, they said in a statement following a meeting with the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa. They also want a special purpose vehicle created to deal with all sovereign debt obligations, according to the statement. Last month, the ministers agreed that the continent needs a stimulus package of $100 billion to face the economic crisis wrought by the virus. The package amount includes $44 billion in debt-servicing waivers. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story COVID-19: FG To Reach 11m Nigerians With Palliatives About 11 million Nigerians are to benefit from the Federal Government’s palliatives to help them to mitigate the adverse effects of the measures imposed to curb the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. A member of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Minister of Humanitarian Affairs… Read full story