Osun State government on Saturday said it has found the only COVID-19 patient who reportedly absconded from the isolation centre in Ejigbo earlier. The state Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Mrs Funke Egbemode, who made this disclosure in a statement said the woman has been returned to the isolation centre. She said that government was still in the process of tracing individuals she might have come in contact with, noting that security within and around the Isolation centre had been beefed up. Egbemode assured that the government would continue to enhance measures to prevent further spread of COVID-19 in the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Betting outfit, Bet9ja, donates N200m to FG, Lagos, Ogun govts, promises to double amount Father, Mother, All 11 Children Catch Coronavirus In Spain An entire Spanish family of the father, mother and eleven children have contracted coronavirus and are under strict isolation in their home, the Daily Mail of UK reported. The Cebrian Gervas family have been forced to lock themselves away in Valladolid in north-west Spain after every single one of them was diagnosed with the virus… Read full story COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: We Can’t Be Caged For Nothing, Adamawa Residents Cry Out On the second day of the 14 days lockdown of Adamawa announced by the state government to curtail the spread of COVID-19  in the state, the people of the state have started to complain about the stay at home order without palliatives to ease the problems associated with it… Read full story As The World Battles COVID-19, Nigerians Confront COVIK 4-1-9 Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden… Read full article Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE