AS the restriction ordered by government as a result of the outbreak of coronavirus continues, the National Council of Muslim Youth Organisations (NACOMYO) has asked Nigerians to prepare for “a sacrifice that will not be short.” The organisation also urged the government to implement the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommendations of refocusing the whole of government attention on suppressing and controlling the virus as lockdown alone cannot stop the spread of the virus. NACOMYO made the appeals in a statement signed by the national president and secretary-general, Malam Sani Suleiman Maigoro, and Alhaji Mas’ud Akintola. The organisation said the imposition of the restriction was for “our collective good,” noting that experiences around the globe were a pointer to that fact. “So far, Italy has recorded 11,000 deaths, while the death toll in Spain is now over 7,000. The United States is leading the world in the number of confirmed cases. However, with the imposition of lockdown in these respective countries, the spread of the disease has been significantly curtailed,” it said. The organisation called on government and private individuals to not only constantly review the progress recorded but come up with more palliatives.  ALSO READ: Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation The apex Islamic youth body commended those who have donated towards combating the scourge but solicited for continued practice of good neighbourliness while the lockdown subsists. Meanwhile, NACOMYO southern zone has suspended its upcoming da’wah retreat and other major activities in compliance with government directive. In a statement, the zonal chairman who doubles as the national vice president 1, Abdul Mojeed Momoh, and the zonal secretary, Abdul Azeez Babalola, said as a critical stakeholder in the religious circles, NACOMYO had since suspended its major activities, including its forthcoming eighth Southern Zonal Da’wah Retreat scheduled to hold in Ogun State. The body commended the federal and state governments, particularly the governments of Lagos, Ogun, Osun and Edo states, for their proactive steps in containing the spread of the coronavirus pandemic, while appreciating the efforts of other stakeholders who are not in government. It also commended President Muhammadu Buhari for ordering lockdowns in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States for 14 days, describing this as a right step to stop the spread of the virus to other states in the country. NACOMYO also commended members of the organised private sector for their donations to the fight against the pandemic, saying other well-to-do individuals should toe the same path. “We urge them and other well-meaning individuals and public sector players to focus on the provision of basic nutritional needs of citizens whose livelihood has been impacted negatively by the drastic measures taken by the government. “They should provide food items at both the state and local government levels. We at NACOMYO Southern Zone are also ready to work with different state and local governments in the South-West, South-South and South-East, particularly in the areas of enlightenment and provision of stimulus packages to the needy so no one is left to suffer as a result,” the statement said. The organisation urged its members across the states to take the precautionary measures prescribed by public health experts seriously. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE