A major boost has come on the way of Lagos State government as Naija FM 102.7 and South Saharan Social Development Organisation have partnered with her to provide daily free radio lessons programme for students in junior secondary schools in the state. The gesture, which is the social responsibility initiative of the two media outlets on education, is to cushion the effects of interrupted academic activities of students following the closure schools due to COVID-19 pandemic in the country. The state’s Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, made this announcement in a statement made available by the head of public affairs unit of the ministry, Mr Kayode Abayomi, on Friday. She said the radio lessons would cover four subjects which are English Studies, Mathematics, Basic Science and Civic Education, noting that the teachings would commence from Monday, 6th of April, and run for one hour beginning from 12 noon daily. While disclosing that the aim of the radio teaching programme is to keep the students productively engaged now that they are at home, she urged parents and guardians to ensure they encourage their children and wards to key into the programme. She, however, noted that a similar programme is already ongoing for senior secondary school students on Wazobia radio and television stations and that all is for the advantage of the students as well as the education sector of the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story Nigeria Likely To Record More Cases Of Coronavirus, NCDC Says Nigeria is likely to record more cases of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), infections, as the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) progressively expands its testing capacity. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General of NCDC, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) while giving an update on COVID-19 in the country… Read full story After 14 Days In Isolation, Buhari’s Daughter Reunites With Family Nigeria’s First Lady, Aisha Buhari, has expressed joy as she reunites with her daughter who has been on self-isolation since she returned to Nigeria. In a tweet via her handle, @aishambuhari, Mrs Buhari said, “It is a thing of joy & gratitude to Almighty God to reunite with my daughter after she had been in isolation for 14 days… Read full story Two Nigerians, Anthony Onasanya, Patricia Imobhio, Die Of Coronavirus In UK, Italy Two Nigerian citizens have died of the coronavirus both in the United Kingdom and Italy. While a Nigerian living in Britain, Anthony Deola Onasanya, on Wednesday died of the disease, 60-year-old Mrs Patricia Imohibo died on March 28 from complications from the disease… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE