The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) disclosed on Friday its readiness to assist the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on combating COVID-19 in the country. Festus Okoye, National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, said about 100 pick-up vans would be released to the PTF by the electoral body to complemeng its efforts in six states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in the first instance. The vehicles would be used for contact tracing, surveillance/laboratory and infection prevention/control in Lagos, Osun, Oyo, Kano, Rivers and the Federal Capital Territory. Aside the deployment of vehicles, Okoye further revealed that the commission has opened discussion with the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on the possibility of the relief agency to use INEC electoral registration areas (wards) and polling units nationwide as locations for the distribution of palliative and other relief materials to citizens. “The 8,809 wards and 119,973 polling units are located in various communities in the country and citizens are familiar with their locations,” the statement noted. INEC further revealed that it “is working with the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and Telecommunication service providers to assist in raising public awareness of the pandemic by sending bulk messages (sms) to registered voters similar to what we do for voter mobilisation. Short messages were adopted from the flyers/leaflets issued by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). This follows the suspension of the Do Not Disturb (DND) policy on sending unsolicited messages to telephone subscribers by NCC. “The Commission wishes to assure the public that it will join hands with all agencies and stakeholders to combat COVID-19 in Nigeria. “We urge all (save for those on essential duties) to stay at home, maintain recommended social distancing and remain safe by obeying all guidelines issued by the relevant authorities.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story