THERE is panic in Kogi State over the death of a private medical doctor, Dr Aliyu Yakubu, who died from contracting COVID-19. Dr Aliyu Yakubu, who was running a private clinic, travelled to Lagos recently and upon his return, reportedly stopped at Okene for some days before arriving Daura in Katsina State. It was stated that he took himself to Air Force Hospital in Daura where two hours later, he died. His blood sample was taken to Abuja where it was confirmed that he had contracted COVID-19, along with hepatitis and hypertension. However, the Kogi State Commissioner for Health, Dr Saka Haruna Audu, has debunked the rumour that he passed through Kogi State, saying the deceased returned to Katsina from Lagos by air without stopping in Kogi. In a press statement issued on Wednesday by the commissioner, he said that: “There is a rumour making the rounds that one of our brothers from Kogi Central (a doctor) who died in Katsina State and was later confirmed to be positive for COVID-19 had visited Kogi State en route Katsina (24/03/2020) from Lagos. “Our independent investigation has revealed that this isn’t true. According to the deceased’s wife, brother and two other close family members, the deceased returned to Katsina from Lagos by air and did not pass through Kogi State. “He last visited Kogi State in February 2020. We advise the general public to remain calm as we remain on high alert and on top of every development in the state as it concerns COVID-19. “We pray that God grants the family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss and admit our dearly loved brother into Aljannah Firdaus. “We also wish to assure the government and good people of Katsina State that we stand with them in this trying time. “The Commissioner for Health, Katsina State is a friend and a thorough professional, and we have no doubt in his ability to stem the tide. On our own, we will offer every assistance to the state by liaising with the deceased family to help in tracing all known contacts.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article Lagos Govt Wants Completion Of Primary Six Policy For JSS1 Admission Enforced The Lagos State government has indicated it willingness to start enforcing the completion of six years primary education policy for all pupils who want to gain admission into junior secondary schools (JSS1) in both the public and private schools in the state. It said that had been a national policy on education for… Read full story Kwara Locks Down Offa To Contain COVID-19 Kwara State government has ordered a total lockdown of the ancient town of Offa in the Offa local government area of the state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Wednesday evening, the state deputy governor, who is also the chairman of the technical committee on COVID-19 in the state, Mr Kayode Alabi, said that the… Read full story COVID-19: We Have Repatriated Over 44,000 Citizens From 78 Countries, Says US State Dept The United States has announced that over 44,000 of its citizens have been repatriated from 78 countries over the pandemic coronavirus. The United States Department of State therefore stated that there was no greater priority than the safety and security of US citizens overseas… Read full story BREAKING: Kidnapped Elder Brother Of Bauchi Gov, Alh Adamu Duguri, Regains Freedom Yaya Adamu Duguri, the kidnapped elder brother of Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed has regained his freedom. Reports gathered by Tribune Online revealed that Yaya Adamu Duguri who was kidnapped about two weeks ago by armed men was released on Tuesday evening… Read full story BREAKING: Four Feared Killed In Kaduna For Flouting Stay-At-Home Order Four people have been reportedly killed by policemen who came to quell a fight between some youths and members of the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) at Tirkaniya market in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Trouble started when some youths came to buy food items at the market but were told to… Read full story  