The National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) has pledged its water buses, patrol boats and other watercraft for use by relevant agencies in the fight against the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. In a statement made available to Tribune Online, on Tuesday, by the new Spokesman of NIWA, Mr Jibril Dard’au, this gesture is in furtherance to the donation of N10m by the agency towards the fight against the Coronavirus pandemic. According to the statement, “Further to our earlier financial contributions, the Managing Director, National Inland Waterways Authority, Chief Dr George Moghalu, has authorised the release of the Authority’s water-buses, security patrol boats and other craft for use by relevant states and Federal agencies in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. “These crafts are useful for moving personnel and materials to and from the riverine communities, as well as maintaining security on our inland waterways. “Dr Moghalu further urges all waterways users to observe safety precautions, social distancing and other guidelines as given by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19, in order to stay safe in these trying times.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story