Lagos State government on Tuesday announced increase in hazard allowance to be paid to its health officers from its present N5,000 to Ñ25,000 for the month of April. The state Head of Service (HoS), Mr. Hakeem Muri-Okunola, announced this through a circular No: 045 with Ref.No:CIR/HOS/20/Vol./O45, dated 21st April 2020, and titled: ‘Increment of Hazard Alliance for All Health Officers in Lagos State Public Service.’ Okunola, who noted that the state governor gave his approval to the increment, said it was in appreciation of all the health officers in the state to the flight against the coronavirus pandemic as well as the daily hazardous exposure to the disease. “It is hereby notified for your information that the governor has approved the increment of hazard allowance for all health officers in Lagos State from N5,000 to N25,000 for the month of April, 2020. “The gesture is an incentive to all health officers in the state, as front line responders in the fight against the pandemic. It is believed that the officers would reciprocate same with more doggedness and enthusiasm towards duty in all Health facilities statewide,” the circular stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story