Following the discovery of another coronavirus (COVID-19) case in Akure, Ondo State capital, on Friday, the state government, on Saturday, announced the reversal of its order on the partial relax on the ban on religious activities. The state government has cancelled all the special concessions granted to churches and Christians in the state to hold Easter Sunday service. The statement issued and signed by the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Donald Ojogo, said the decision became necessary to prevent the spread of coronavirus after recording another case of COVID -19 in the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kogi’s gov candidate donates three ventilators Ojogo explained that the decision was taken after due consultations with the leadership of the Christain Association of Nigeria(CAN) in the state. The statement reads: “The State Government notes with deep concern the second index case. “This development has once again, reinforced the need to deepen our collective efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic. “The Ondo State COVID-19 Response Team has reported that the second index case having travelled from Lagos to Ondo State must give the government greater concern to avoid community transmission. “Against the backdrop of the above, the Ondo State government has directed the cancellation of the special concession granted Churches across the State to celebrate the Easter Sunday/Service. “This decision was taken after due consultations with the leadership of the Christain Association of Nigeria(CAN). “All measures and steps taken in respect of COVID-19 still remain in force. In particular, government has taken further steps to effectively man the boundaries in the light of reported cases of compromise and breach of the directive to close all inter-state entry points into Ondo State.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Falana Explodes: We Are Ruled By Incompetent, Ignorant, Lawless Individuals In an interview electronically-conducted, LANRE ADEWOLE engaged leading lawyer and senior advocate of Nigeria, Mr. Femi Falana, on the state of the nation, coronavirus epidemic controversies and the quality of leadership; handling the attendant socio-economic crises… Read full article Let’s Be Fervent In Our Prayer For Divine Intervention —Lawan THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history… Read full article Be Transparent In Identifying The Poor For Palliatives —CAN Charges Govt THE Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has charged the state and Federal Government to apply transparency and inclusiveness in identifying the poor, whom relief materials had been made available for amid the present pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Why I Believe Nigerians, Others In Malaria Belt, Have Little To Fear —Abu, US Based Clinical Cardiologist Dr Rasaq Olanrewaju Abu has been in medical practice since 1984 and currently runs a clinical cardiology practice in College Park, Maryland, USA. In this interview conducted online by SAHEED SALAWU, Dr Abu speaks on why the huge number of deaths being experienced in Europe due to COVID-19 pandemic and America may not … Read full interview COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 17 New Cases, Toll Rises To 305 Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Friday, has announced 17 more new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), making the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria rise to 305… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE