Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has vowed that his administration would deal ruthlessly with criminally minded people in the state. This governor’s submission was coming on the heels of the arrest of 150 people over incidences of robbery and cultism activities in Sango-Ota and Ifo axis. Governor Abiodun in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, said the state government would avail all other security outfits, including the Department of State Service and the Armed Forces, with the necessary material and logistic support to end the reign of terror unleashed by armed robbers on the State. “It has become expedient that we do not spare the rod and spoil the child. Anybody, no matter whose child he or she is, if found guilty of armed robbery, would be visited with the full weight of the law, including capital punishment. “I will not hesitate to confirm sentences, even of capital punishment, if that will deter these social misfits. Ogun has zero-tolerance for criminals and we will deal with them with venomous measures. Enough is enough,” the governor said. ALSO READ: FG terrorising our members with hunger, intimidation over IPPIS – ASUU He urged the police to intensify efforts at curbing the nefarious activities of criminals, asking them to smoke out their hideouts and promptly investigate those involved in the nightmarish activities, not only in Ifo and Ado-Odo local governments but across the state. Governor Abiodun commended the State Police Command for its swiftness and prompt adherence to the directive of the State Government to flush out those turning the sit-at-home order to a criminal enterprise. He further enjoined all other relevant agencies to immediately up the ante of their intelligence gathering mechanisms, to ensure that there’s no reoccurrence of the criminal acts, especially as the State continues to battle the COVID-19 pandemic. The Ogun State government restated its commitment to ensuring that the state is conducive for living and businesses, without fear of criminals and other unscrupulous elements. He assured the people that he would not joke with the security of lives and property of citizens and residents alike. The governor added that he would continue to give all necessary support to security agencies, as he has done by providing mobility and other working equipment for effective service delivery. The government enjoined all law-abiding citizens and residents to remain calm and continue to comply with the stay-at-home directive, as the situation is now fully under control. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE