Chief Judge of Kwara State, Justice Sulyman Kawu, has designated magistrate courts in the state to hear and determine breaches of the lockdown regulation and other related extant laws in the state. In a statement signed by the Chief Registrar of the state High Court, Serifat Bola Olanipekun, in Ilorin, Kwara State on Monday, the development followed the signing of the Kwara State Infectious Diseases (Emergency Prevention) Regulations 2020 and the issuance of restriction of both human and vehicular movements order by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq. The statement, which said that the courts in Kwara would commence sitting on Wednesday, April 15, 2020, added that commencement of the trial would help to protect lives of the citizenry against the ravaging coronavirus pandemic. ALSO READ: Assailants stab woman to death inside her home in Ekiti “For the information of relevant stakeholders and members of the public, the admittance of offenders/defendants, legal practitioners, prosecutors and others into the courtrooms shall be strictly on a case by case basis and only after they have been subjected to temperature checks, handwashing and other sanitary measures put in place at the court premises. “In addition, sitting arrangements in the courtrooms shall be in strict compliance with the social distancing guidelines issued by the relevant bodies. “His Lordship urges members of the public to strictly comply with the restriction order of the government by staying at home and to avoid gathering in crowds for protection of all and sundry”, the statement said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story China Imposes Restrictions On Research Into Origins Of Coronavirus China has imposed restrictions on the publication of academic research on the origins of the novel coronavirus, according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities, that have since been removed from the web, CNN reports… Read full story