The leadership of Living Faith Chapel aka (Winners Chapel), has handed over an ambulance and other medical consumables to the Ogun State Government, towards the fight against the spread of coronavirus in the state. The medical equipment was handed over to the State Deputy Governor, Noimot Salako-Oyedele, by Pastor David Oyedepo (Jnr), who led other leaders of the church to the Governor’s Office, Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta, on Wednesday. Oyedepo said the donation was a demonstration of the church’s solidarity with the state government in combating the disease. “We have come here today just for the purpose of demonstrating our solidarity with the state government for the battle against COVID-19 which has been a global pandemic. ” We are all in the same fight together in driving towards victory and we trust God that at the end of the day, we’ll have the song of victory in the name of Jesus Christ. “So, we have come today with a number of our leaders represented here and also to present some items to help in this fight against this pandemic. We rest assured that as we take steps medically, professionally and spiritually that the victory will be secured. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lalong orders closure of Plateau borders ” We have come with that purpose at heart and we trust God that very soon, we’ll have a different story. We have an ambulance here for the purpose of dealing with victims of this pandemic. Oyedepo, who read a letter addressed to Governor Dapo Abiodun, on behalf of the church, assured that the prayers of the saints across the globe and Nigerians, in particular, would bring a sudden end to the plague ravaging the world. The letter reads in parts, “Your Excellency, it gives me great pleasure to convey my sincere commendation to you and your team for the great work being done to manage the global menace of COVID-19 plaguing the entire world today. “I’m confident with the prayers of the saints across the nations of the earth and particularly in Nigerians that God will bring a sudden end to the scourge of the coronavirus as a dream of the night in the name of Jesus Christ. “As a mission, we remain committed to partnering with the government in this fight to bring an end to this threat to humanity.” Other items donated were 10 cartons of two latex hand gloves; five cartons of disposable face masks; 20 units of infrared thermometers; 250 units of Personal Protective devices; 10 units of Oximeter; 10 units blood pressure monitors; two units of multi-parameter and 850 hand sanitisers. Receiving the donation on behalf of the government, Salako-Oyedele, appreciated the church for its generosity towards the state in containing the disease. She said, “We thank you for this generous donation toward the state. COVID-19 management team. “His Excellency has said that he’s welcome to well-meaning members of the public to come and support the unprecedented efforts that we’re putting in here and we’re very glad that a socially responsible organization like yours has yielded the call and has very quickly come to the fore to support us with these ambulance and other consumables that are here.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story COVID-19: FG To Reach 11m Nigerians With Palliatives About 11 million Nigerians are to benefit from the Federal Government’s palliatives to help them to mitigate the adverse effects of the measures imposed to curb the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. A member of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Minister of Humanitarian Affairs… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Gives NCDC Two Weeks To Locate 5,000 Contacts President Muhammadu Buhari has given the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) two weeks to effectively locate about 5,000 contacts of COVID-19 across the country.  The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 also revealed on Tuesday that Nigeria is very short of ventilators required for the treatment and handling… Read full story COVID-19: How We Have Been Coping With Lockdown, Nigerian Women Speak Dupe Ajisegbede, CEO Dimples Fasion Et al: My strategy is to work from home. My husband had decided that the kids were not going out at all in this season, but because we are aware that children have a short attention span, we agreed to take them out shopping with us for food items, on the condition that they won’t come out… Read full story Can Your Marriage Survive The Coronavirus? CNN recently disclose few ways married people could survive this period of social distancing. While speaking with several Licensed Marriage and Family Therapists, clinical psychologists and married people about how to make sure marriage isn’t a casualty of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story Europe’s COVID-19 Crisis And IMF’s Response COVID-19 has struck Europe with stunning ferocity. While we do not know how long the crisis will last, we know that the economic impact will be severe. In Europe’s major economies, nonessential services closed by government decree account for about one-third of output. This means that each month these sectors remain… Read full article  The APC Unending Cold War Former Lagos State governor and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Bola Tinubu, in his metaphorical allusion to the leadership tussle rocking his party, likened it to a virus. In an open letter on the eve of the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting which was eventually aborted… Read full article 