Governors under the aegis of Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) on Tuesday solicited for the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari through provision of additional economic stimulus packages with the view to keep the subnational governments properly afloat. Governor Kayode Fayemi who made the appeal during the first teleconference meeting with President Buhari argued that States are going through rough times, hence tasked Mr. President on the need to take certain decisive decisions to ameliorate the sufferings of the Nigerian people. While thanking Mr President for the approval of the release of $150 million to augment projected FAAC shortfall in June, the NGF Chairman alluded to the revenues from the Liquified Natural Gas (LNG), which he said could help in assuaging some issues related to revenue shortfalls as enunciated during the 4th NGF teleconference meeting, where the Governors called for the suspension of all deductions by the Federal Government so that States can address the Covid-19 challenge from a position of economic strength. Dr Fayemi also hinted the President that there was the need to streamline all multilateral and bilateral interventions and funding so that States are also integrated and considered because of the difficulties that they are going through. Governor Fayemi commended Mr. President for the manner in which he has always rescued the States through Presidential approvals for bailouts, budget support facility, London Paris Club refund, among others. He assured Mr President that if established FGN debts to States like the outstanding PAYE are defrayed, the poor and vulnerable in the country and the citizens would be better-taken care of. “I know your penchant for caring for the poor and the downtrodden in the country, Mr President, and I am telling you that allocations from FAAC have dropped significantly so if you turn your magnanimity towards Governors and their States into looking at other debts that continue to linger in the system and prioritise their payments, poor people will be the happier,” the Ekiti State Governor emphasized. ALSO READ: COVID-19 lockdown: Court convicts 120 out of 183 violators The NGF Chairman informed the President that all the 36 States’ Governments are currently reviewing their budgets downwards to conform with the prevailing realities. While commending the Presidential Task Force on Covid-19 for doing a great job considering the huge challenges that the Coronavirus has thrown at them, argued that “Hunger-vid is equally as lethal,” that puts Governors at the receiving end of the hardships, all Governors would be happier if their requests were met. Governor Fayemi stated that the Forum members align themselves with the efforts of the Federal Government, he urged President Buhari to also encourage the evolution of a national strategic plan that would encompass the subnational level so that the country will find a fast and easy way out of the woods. Dr Fayemi ended his conversation with the President on the plight of informal sector workers who are daily paid in the country whom he said, have not been captured in the national register and were therefore exempted from the conditional cash transfer, saying that their plight needs to be quickly addressed before our situation crumbles into the ‘Ecuadorian Alternative’ where the poor and vulnerable people of Ecuador flocked into the streets in violation of the stay at home order in their country. Dr Fayemi who observed that the President’s nationwide address held on Monday night, succinctly captured the mood of the nation, argued that his administration is in touch with the plight of the man on the street. He Fayemi told the President that the two weeks extension of the lockdown in the FCT, Lagos and Ogun states even though tough, was “the right way to go”. The NGF Chairman also told the President that the targeted testing strategy adopted by the country has done a lot, however, the Ekiti State Governor stated that there was the need for more testing. The NGF Chairman added that the Governors were desirous of having some more testing facilities so as to deepen the gains already made by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Governor Fayemi who briefed Mr President on the distribution of palliatives, urged the President to instruct the relevant authorities to use the machineries of the state governments so that the palliatives would penetrate all nooks and crannies of the country. The NGF Chairman disclosed that Governors would be having their next and 5th Teleconference meeting tomorrow, 15th April, 2020 to review the strategies so far put in place in their various States and apply peer learning mechanism to share experiences and collectively adopt areas of successes for the good of their citizens. According to a statement issued by NGF’s Head, Media and Public Affairs, Mr Abdulrazaque Bello-Barkindo, some of the dignitaries expected to interface with the Governors are: Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha; Coordinator of Presidential Task Force, Dr Sani Aliyu; Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele, Alhaji Aliko Dangote and Herbert Wigwe. In previous meetings top government functionaries including the Finance Minister, Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management & Social Development, and the Minister for Communications & Digital Economy have all addressed Governors at different times. Responding, President Muhammadu Buhari commended Dr Fayemi for providing decent leadership at the Forum and keeping all Governors on course which he said has helped the Federal Government to find easy access to the subnational level. The President then asked the NGF Chairman to formalise all the requests of the Governors and forward them to him and promised that they would be promptly addressed. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE