TRAGEDY was averted in Enugu, the Enugu State capital on Sunday when a three-storey building collapsed leaving all occupants of the building escaped unhurt. The three-storey building was under construction at Ezeluike Street, Olympic Layout, off One-Day, Agbani Road, Awkunanaw, Enugu South Local Government Area of the state, before it suddenly went down. Irked by the unfortunate incident, the Enugu Capital Territory Development Authority (ECTDA) on Monday announced its decision to commence evaluation of the structural integrity and stability of all buildings within the state capital territory, beginning from April 10, 2020. The Executive Chairman of ECTDA, Dr Josef Umunnakwe Onoh, disclosed that the exercise would be jointly conducted by a technical team from the agency and the Nigerian Society of Engineers, Enugu State branch. Dr Onoh further said, “ECTDA shall comply with the recommendations to be made at the end of the exercise. Where any structure(s) fails the integrity test the developer/owner shall be given a reasonable time not exceeding 60 days to commence reconstruction and ensure that the structure is fit and stable for human habitation.” The ECTDA boss added, “In a case where no option is available such building(s) shall be demolished rather than put the lives of the occupants in danger.” On the collapsed three-storey building, Dr Onoh said that rescue teams from ECTDA, State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), State Fire Service and Red Cross, among others, were on ground at the site for emergency operations, noting that no life was lost. According to him, “the collapsed three-storey building had no building approval from ECTDA and was consequently marked for demolition in July and November 2019. Unfortunately, the developer continued construction in defiance of the stop-work order issued by our agency.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview 5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article