The equities market commenced trading week on a positive note after three-day consecutive gains last week as All Share Index gained 2.32 per cent at the close of trading on Tuesday to settle at 21,879.95 basis points. Trading commenced for the week on Tuesday at the Nigerian Stock Exchange after two days public holiday declared by the Federal Government of Nigeria on Friday, April 10, 2020 (Good Friday) and Monday, April 13, 2020 (Easter Monday) to mark the Easter celebrations. Equities investors gained N258.5 billion as the market capitalisation increased by 2.32 per cent to record a close mark of N11.403 trillion. APT Securities analysts believed the regaining sign showed by the equities market may not be unconnected to the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) steps to ensure financial stability at this time coupled with global oil supply cut agreed upon by OPEC and allies to prop up oil prices amid the coronavirus pandemic. Market breadth also closed positive as 12 losers were recorded against 29 gainers, an improved performance when compared with previous outlook. Oando led the gainers chart having gained N0.24kobo or 10 per cent in value to close at N2.64kobo per stock, Nigerian Breweries followed with 9.91 per cent appreciation in its share value to close at N24.40kobo. Conoil also gained N1.30kobo, having appreciated by 9.89 per cent to close at N14.45kobo per share by the end of the day trading; Stanbic IBTC Holdings’ share value appreciated by 9.62 per cent to close at N28.50kobo; while Chams added N0.02kobo or 9.52 per cent to close at 23kobo per share. All sectoral indices likewise augmented the All Share Index as all sectors closed positive save for NSE Insurance and NSE Industry leaving NSE ASEM flat. Market turnover closed positive as volume moved up by 77.14 per cent to 557 million units, valued at N2.62 billion and exchanged in 5,310 deals. The total volume of trades increased by 77.14 per cent as Omo Mortgage Bank was the most traded stock by volume, while value depreciated by 47.85 per cent with Zenith Bank led in terms of total value traded. Stock watchers, however, expect more positive reactions towards dwindled stock price at this time even though full market recovery is not expected until post-coronavirus recovery. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Not On IMF’s Debt Service Relief List The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday announced debt service relief to 25 countries most of them in Africa to cushion the effects of COVID-19. Nigeria is not on the list. A statement issued by Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which contained… Read full story I Made Bombs, Detonated Them As Student —Olunloyo One feels sad that the nation should be in this situation. There are three stages in the life of a man. When he is born, he is there but he doesn’t know anything that is going on. When he is dead, he is there probably he doesn’t know what is going on. And then, in the middle period, it may be in the marriage, in the school… Read full story Centuries After Jalumi War, Osun’s River Otin Still Seeking Government Attention Whether a visitor is entering Inisa in Osun State from Kwara State or Osogbo, accessing River Otin, from which the local government council name is conspicuous, and commercial motorcycle operators are stationed at the entrance of the town on the highway, always ready to guide visitors’ movement… Read full story Claims Of Laying 5G Fibre Optic Cables In Lagos, Others Misleading —DEMS Volunteers Digital Economy Media Support Volunteers’ (DEMS Volunteers’), a non-governmental advocacy group of media and telecoms practitioners creating awareness on digital economy, has described it as strange, the recent social media onslaught on the telecommunications infrastructure deployment in parts of Lagos… Read full story The Corona Laws (III) Against all odds, the COVID 19 lockdown now seems to have been extended indefinitely by the President, without first codifying the process of its enforcement, from the many suggestions proffered from various quarters. The truth is that when a policy is impracticable, even though it may be desirable and expedient… Read full story Impact Of COVID-19 On Nigerian Oil, Gas Sector BY December 31, 2019, Brent crude averaged $60 per barrel; members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries with allies (OPEC+) were on 2.1 million barrels per day (mbpd) cut to help steady prices. The arrangement was in place until March 2020 when the first OPEC meeting heads… Read full story Maize Shortage Looms Over Coronavirus Lockdown Nigeria will experience maize shortage if the lockdown occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic continues. The Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) said it became necessary to alert the Federal Government as maize farmers are unable to access their farms due to the lockdown as well as unavailability of inputs… Read full story EDITORIAL: Akure Explosion: Matters Arising TWO weeks after the explosion that rocked Akure, the Ondo State capital, on Saturday March 28, Nigerians are still largely in the dark regarding the circumstances surrounding the incident. During the explosion which birthed series of conspiracy theories, including a possible attack by the terror group, Boko Haram… Read full story