As part of efforts geared towards cushioning the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown in Delta State, the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu has concluded arrangements for the distribution of food items worth over N45 million to the people of Aniocha/Oshimili Federal Constituency of Delta State. The food items are to be distributed among the people across the four local government areas namely: Aniocha North, Aniocha South, Oshimili North and Oshimili South irrespective of political parties. According to a statement, the food items to be distributed include 600 bags of rice, 750 bags of beans, 500 bags of Garri (yellow and white), 600 bags of onions, 500 cartons of tin tomatoes, and 500 cartons of groundnut oil. A high powered committee of responsible and apolitical persons picked from the four local government areas has been constituted to ensure proper and effective coordination of the distribution of the items across the Aniocha/Oshimili Federal Constituency. The distribution of the food items is to commence on Tuesday at the various local government areas in the federal constituency Hon. Elumelu who commended ongoing efforts toward containing the spread of COVID-19 across the country reiterated the need for the people to continue to adhere to the Delta State Government’s directives on the lockdown occasioned by COVID-19. While commending the people for complying with the state and federal government directives, Hon. Elumelu appealed to them to continue to observe the guidelines of the NCDC and the health authorities, stressing that they are all critical towards the containment of the spread of the virus that is ravaging the world. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story