Security personnel enforcing the mandate of the president on the restriction of movement order, following the lockdown in Lagos, Ogun and Federal Capital Territory (FCT) have been enjoined to exempt the Petroleum Product tankers. The exemption follows an appeal by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to security agencies to allow fuel tankers to freely move and deliver petroleum products to their various destination. The corporation in a release said “Law enforcement agencies across the Country should allow petroleum products tanker drivers free movement during the lockdown ordered in parts of the country by President Muhammadu Buhari and some state governments. ALSO READ: FG reduces price of petrol by N1.50, now sells at N123.50 The release issued last night and signed by the NNPC Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr Kennie Obateru, said the exemption granted by Mr President to certain categories of essential workers covers the operations of petroleum products tanker drivers. It further stated that the “Federal Government counts on the support of the law enforcement agencies across the country to ensure smooth distribution of petroleum products across the nook and cranny of the country during the period of the restriction. “The corporation said that NNPC holds over 2.6billion litres of petrol enough to last the period of the lockdown and beyond, advising that motorists should not engage in panic buying.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story Photos Of Buhari Washing His Hands In Restroom With Gold-Plated Tap, Mirror Go Viral The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures