Katsina State has commenced the house-to-house search for its residents that returned from Lagos and Abuja as well as other states that have recorded an outbreak of COVID-19. This was disclosed by the Chairman of Katsina COVID-19 Sub Committee and Commissioner for Information, Haddi Mohammed Sirika, in an interview with newsmen in Katsina. He said the measure became necessary considering most of the returnees followed bush paths and evaded medical screening at the inter-state borders. According to him, there is growing apprehension in the state as there is a likelihood of an outbreak of the COVID-19 among the communities. ALSO READ: Over 9,000 contacts of COVID-19 patients traced ― Health Minister It was on this that the committee felt the need to embark on the search for people who have returned to the state especially those who came from Lagos and Abuja. ‘Our fear based on the recent survey conducted we might come after Lagos in terms of people who are tested positive. So we want to arrest this. It would be recalled that following the death of a medical doctor, Aliyu Yakubu, the number of people that have been tested positive is gradually increasing in the state. It was as a result of this, that the state government took the decision to lockdown Daura where the late Yakubu visited and also Mashi local government which is very closed to Daura. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor
Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp
No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story