The remains of slain Moshood Ekugbemi, leader of a gang in Ibadan, were laid to rest on Sunday. Ekugbemi died from fatal machete cuts received when he and his boys were attacked by the Biola Ebila gang at Olunde area of Ibadan, on Saturday. Some of the boys of the late Ekugbemi were also reported to have sustained varying degrees of injuries in the attack. Last Saturday’s clash between the Ekugbemi and Ebila gangs stemmed from a battle to collect “owo omo onile” (land royalty) from one Babatunde Oladapo who was roofing his building under construction. Initial reports, on Saturday, had held that Ekugbemi was brought to his family house at Born Photo with the optimism that he will survive the attack. The clash was only another in a series of battles for supremacy that has been ongoing in the area between the two rival groups, Ebila and Ekugbemi boys. Prior to Saturday, there has been series of altercations between “boys” of the two groups while bonfires dotting the pavements and areas around Idi-Arere to Beere axis, since last Wednesday, pointing to the crisis situation in the area. The Oyo police command, through its Public Relations Officer, Gbenga Fadeyi, had on Sunday, affirmed the arrest of Babatunde Oladapo, whose house was being roofed, and one Ibrahim Abisoye described as a social miscreant trying to cause a civil disturbance at Idi-Arere area of Ibadan. Aside from the death of Ekugbemi, Fadeyi said the police did not have the report of any other casualty from last Saturday’s clash. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Despite lockdown, Churches hold Easter services in Kano Fadeyi, however, noted that the state Commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu, had ordered massive deployment of security agencies to the notorious areas to prevent reprisal from any of the groups. Doing an on-the-spot assessment of areas like Olunde, Idi-Arere, Born Photo, on Sunday, state Commissioner of Police, Olukolu, said Ekugbemi had been a notorious hoodlum wanted by the police. He decried reports that there was chaos all over Ibadan, noting that the police had made arrests in connection with Saturday’s incident. “A man at Sokenu area in Olunde wanted to roof his house and hoodlums came to demand money from him before the carpenters would commence work. “However, a notorious hoodlum who was being wanted by the police, Moshood Ekugbemi, was living in a rented apartment just beside the house that was to be roofed and one thing led to the other, and he was attacked by the other hoodlums with machetes. “His people then took his body to his family house at Born Photo area and some people, out of anger, began to protest, which is normal, but the police were able to calm the situation. “So when news started flying around that there was chaos in Ibadan, I decided to take a tour of the city, and as you can see, everywhere is calm. Two people have been arrested in connection with the clash at Olunde,” Olukolu said. Addressing people at the areas visited, Olukolu gave out police control room numbers, while urging members of the public to keep the police abreast of happenings in their area. Speaking with Tribune on Ekugbemi’s identity, a community leader in Olunde, Wasiu Agunnofiu, said he was unaware that Ekugbemi was on the wanted list of the police. “We didn’t know the police were looking for him. What happened on Saturday is that some people came to the area to collect money from a man who was about to roof his house. “I think Ekugbemi intervened in the case and he was attacked. After his death, his people took him to his community at Born Photo area,” Agunnofiu said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE