The National President of the College of Nigerian Pathologists (CNP), Professor Phillips Olatunji, on Wednesday, alleged that political and commercial experts have hijacked the duties of pathologists, in the fight against the spread of coronavirus in the country. Olatunji disclosed this during a press conference held in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, saying “political and commercial experts are being imported by internal collaborators to take this place of technical and professional experts. What manner of intervention can this be? ALSO READ: COVID-19 lockdown: IGP worried over night journeys by transporters “Sadly, the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), the apex body of medical doctors and Medical and Dental Consultants Association, a body of specialist doctors are complaining of being sidelined, while the Pathologists are left out of the laboratories.” “Equally sad is the fact that our policymakers would appear to be deliberately sidelining our well-trained professionals and experts and making bogus announcements over the television and radio. “Those of us who they are forced to accommodate are working under harsh conditions, without insurance, in spite of the danger to which they are exposed.” He accused the Federal and State governments of deliberate neglect of medical practitioners in the country. The CNP President queried the Federal government’s insistence on bringing the Chinese doctors into the country, against public outcry and stakeholders in the health sector. He insisted that there was no need for bringing the Chinese doctors to Nigeria, arguing that the number of patients in Nigeria has not expanded the number of available doctors in the country. He also alleged that health workers working in the frontline are being exposed to risk without adequate provision of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). “The CNP called on government at all levels to take advantage of the COVID-19 opportunity to prioritise healthcare system. “No country can be truly developed if its healthcare system is underdeveloped. This will not be the last pandemic, another will come. We must be prepared, our public health infrastructure, our laboratories and our healthcare workforce must be rebuilt so that the weakest among us would have access to good healthcare,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story COVID-19: LASACO Gives N1 Billion Free Insurance Cover To Health Workers In Osun As part of its contributions to the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, LASACO Assurance Plc has provided N1 billion free insurance cover to health workers in Osun State. About 200 frontline health workers involved in the containment of the disease in the state will now enjoy insurance cover to the tune of… Read full story Kano Governor Declares One Week Lockdown As State Records Fourth Coronavirus Case Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has declared a lockdown from Thursday for one week in an effort to curb spread of coronavirus which on Tuesday recorded its fourth case. During the period, there will be no movement in the state and the security agencies have been ordered to arrest anyone violating this order… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Fire In AGF’s Office LAST Wednesday’s fire outbreak at the Treasury House, a building housing the office of the Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), has understandably triggered controversy. The office is home to the records of revenue generation and disbursements among the three tiers of governments. It archives the government’s fiscal… Read full article Nigeria, Others Consider Clean Energy As Nuclear Interest Rises NIGERIA alongside other African nations are considering a shift to an unexpected power source especially nuclear energy as many face power shortfalls while demands for greener energy and drought threaten hydropower. South Africa has the continent’s only commercial nuclear power plant, but according to the… Read full article Today’s Woman And Feminism In this millennium, there has been an increase in the campaign and advocacy for enforcement of women’s rights and a reorientation that women’s rights are human rights. Indeed, more women across the world are running campaigns, organising and working together or individually to advocate and ensure an improvement… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE