FCMB Group Plc has announced its financial results for the year ended December 31, 2019. The audited results showed that the Group’s gross revenue increased to N188 billion compared to N177.2 billion in 2018. The strong performance also manifested in profit before tax, which rose by nine per cent to N20.1 billion. Following this, the financial institution has declared a dividend of 14 kobo per share to shareholders. The financial results also showed that net interest income increased by five per cent to N76 billion for the twelve months of 2019 from N72.6 billion within the same period in 2018. FCMB’s deposits grew to N943.1 billion in December 2019, as against N863.4 billion in September 2019. Loans and advances disbursed by the Group as at the end of December 2019 stood at N715.9 billion, representing a rise of 12 per cent (Quarter-on-Quarter, QoQ), compared to N638.1 billion in September 2019. Moreover, total assets of the Group went up by 10 per cent Q-o-Q to N1.67 trillion in December 2019 from N1.52 trillion in September 2019, just as capital adequacy ratio stood at 17.17 per cent, which is above the benchmark set by the Central Bank of Nigeria. Commenting on the overall performance, FCMB Group stated that, “Post-tax profits increased by 16 per cent to N17.3 billion, this translates to a return on average equity (RoAE) of nine per cent and earnings per share of 87.2 kobo, an improvement on 8.1 per cent and 75.2 kobo, respectively, in 2018”. It added that, “Our businesses continue to improve with growth in other key indicators, such as loans and advances, deposits and assets under management (AUM), which grew by 13.1 per cent, 14.8 per cent and 28.3 per cent, respectively. Our customer base also grew by 27.7 per cent across the Group from 5.3 million to 6.8 million. “Overall, customer satisfaction has shown positive trends, with a net promoter score of 31 in banking and 23 in asset management. Asset quality has continued to improve, with the Group-wide NPL ratio coming down to 3.7 per cent from 5.9 per cent. Similarly, capital adequacy ratio has remained stable at 17.2 per cent for our Commercial and Retail Banking Group”. Meanwhile, FCMB Group Plc said it would go ahead with its already scheduled Annual General Meeting (AGM), albeit by proxy. In a public disclosure that was sent to the Nigerian Stock Exchange, yesterday, FCMB Group explained its decision. According to the company, a proxy AGM became necessary due to the Coronavirus pandemic, and the ongoing efforts to contain its spread through social distancing and lockdowns. The statement further noted that the company’s decision was informed by the important corporate actions that are “predicated on the AGM.” The AGM will hold on the 28th of April, 2020, as previously scheduled, following approval by the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC). Part of the statement by the company said: “We are also mindful of the legal framework and corporate actions predicated on the AGM, such as payment of dividend to shareholders, approval of audited accounts and filing of the Company’s annual returns, ratification of the retirement of and appointment of Directors as well as the appointment of new Auditors in line with the Central Bank of Nigeria requirements. “Therefore, towards ensuring that these actions do not remain stalled as would be the case if the AGM is postponed or cancelled, we engaged the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) and have obtained their approval to hold the AGM WITH ATTENDANCE BY PROXIES.” FCMB Group, a holding company divided along three business groups; Commercial and Retail Banking (First City Monument Bank Limited, Credit Direct Limited, FCMB (UK) Limited and FCMB Microfinance Bank Limited); Others are Investment Banking (FCMB Capital Markets Limited and CSL Stockbrokers Limited) as well as Asset & Wealth Management (FCMB Pensions Limited, FCMB Asset Management Limited and CSL Trustees Limited), also reported appreciable growth in key operating areas going by the audited results.  Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20
In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre
Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation
The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story We Did Not Put Ex-Presidential Aide Obono-Obla In Illegal Detention–ICPC
The Independent Corrupt Practises and other related offences Commission (ICPC) has denied allegation that it put the Chairman of the defunct Special Presidential Investigation Panel, Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, in “malicious and illegal detention.” The agency said it was responding to the claim in a press statement issued on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Kaduna Govt Begins Distribution Of N500m Food Items
Kaduna State government on Saturday began distribution of the N500 million worth of food items in the eight pilot local government areas of the state. The commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba disclosed this, while flagging off the distribution at Kaduna North local government which is… Read story UPDATE: Chronic Kidney Disease Killed Enugu Health Commissioner ― Family
The Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, died of chronic kidney disease, the family of the late top government official has revealed. A statement signed by Dr. Kingsley Ugochukwu on-behalf of the deceased family which was made available to Tribune Online in Enugu on Saturday stating that the late… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Begins Markets Fumigation This Week
Interim Chairman, Oyo State COVID-19 task force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said the state will this week decontaminate (fumigate) markets spread across the state. As contained in a statement by Chief Press Secretary to Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the decontamination would be carried out using experts… Read full stor COVID-19: Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed, Tests Negative
Unconfirmed reports have it that Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has tested negative after completing the first round of treatment for COVID-19. Though the story is trending in the social media, as at the time of filing this report, no official statement from the government unlike in the past when such… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE