Property worth millions of Naira were destroyed by a rainstorm on Tuesday night in Ikare Akoko, in Akoko Northwest Local Government Area of Ondo State. The torrential rain which lasted for about 45 minutes was accompanied with a dangerous wind which wreaked havoc and destroyed many buildings in the town and its environs. The rainstorm, apart from destroying residential buildings, also destroyed churches, mosques, shops while electrical poles were uprooted, throwing the community into darkness.Tribune Online reports that the rain affected a health center in the town, removing the roof of the hospital while the fence of the hospital also collapsed. Some of the areas affected by the storm include Ugbe, Jubilee area of Ikare, Semu Semu area, Olokun Agbaluku, Arigidi Akoko and many other areas. Recounting their loss, a shop owner, Adenike Faleke, lamented that the effect of the rainstorm was devastating, describing it as unfortunate. She called for the government’s assistance in repairing the buildings destroyed by the storm, noting that most of the shops in the town had been closed due to coronavirus outbreak. According to her, the few who agreed to open their shops to sell are charging exorbitant prices to fix the buildings. She, however, appealed to the state government to come to their aid by providing palliative measures. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story