Over 300 Nigerians mostly businessmen and women with valid return tickets to Nigeria have been stranded in China. Making this known to reporters in Enugu on Tuesday was the Executive Director of Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) Comrade Ibuchukwu Ohabuenyi Ezike. Ezike told journalists that the affected Nigerians who travelled to China before the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic are currently locked down in China, adding that they have cried out to his human rights group for help. According to Ezike, they called from China appealing to the Federal Government through the human rights organization for immediate intervention so that they are evacuated to Nigeria. “We demand immediate and unconditional positive response by the Nigerian authorities,” they told the CLO boss. The CLO leader stated, “Over 300 Nigerians who travelled to China for business activities before the coronavirus pandemic shut down the World have cried out to the Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) from China to help them appeal to President Muhammad Buhari to use his office to send an urgent diplomatic request to the Chinese Government.” He said that after “several distress phone communications to the CLO on Monday night, the Nigerians said that they have been disallowed to return to Nigeria after they had completed their business activities in China. “They have been subjected to various inhuman and degrading treatments including repeated tests, being quarantined in hotels, denial of access to Nigerian food and serial taking away of their colleagues from their hotel rooms to unknown places. “They said that the Nigerian Embassy in China had failed woefully to intervene in their interest. “CLO findings indicate that other countries of the world are sending chartered flights to evacuate their nationals from China. “The countries include but not limited to Canada which has evacuated 137 citizens, and the United States of America which had evacuated 392 of their people in that country. “Similarly, smaller African countries like Ghana, Benin Republic and Togo have sent aircraft to take away their citizens from China to their respective countries. “The stranded Nigerians complain that the worst scenario is that while other countries of the world have not closed their borders against their returning citizens, Nigeria has blocked her borders against Nigerian returnees to their country. “They said that they have been tested severally and their results prove that they were negative to the dreaded disease. “In view of the foregoing, CLO appeals to the Nigerian authorities to, as soon as practicable, take very emergency steps to ensure that these Nigerians who are trapped in China and any other part of the world are peacefully evacuated from those countries to Nigeria. “While we take sides with most of the preventive measures being taken by our government to secure our country and her citizens from contacting the disease, we frown at the act of locking out our citizens who are returning from other countries of the world. “Rather, we request that these nationals be flown from China to Abuja or Lagos where necessary medical examinations would be made on them before they are allowed to mix with their families.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story No Going Back On Inviting Chinese Doctors, But They Won’t Have Contacts With Patients, Says FG Despite opposing the idea by many Nigerians, including the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and the Nigerian Association of Resident… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Ready To Accept Chinese Molecular Biologists, Logisticians, Not Doctors — Prof. Abayomi Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus pandemic, disclosing that… Read full story COVID-19: Chinese Doctors Must Be Quarantined For 14 Days, Follow Immigration Laws ? Gbajabiamila The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday said that Chinese doctors coming to Nigeria to assist in… Read full story FG, States, Councils To Share $150m From Stabilisation Fund • As states get debt, interest moratorium FG, CBN loans With monthly federation account receipts projected to fall below N400 billion because of coronavirus pandemic and fallen price of crude oil… Read full story Inside 56-Year-Old Ogbomoso Waterworks Begging For Government Attention On October 10, 1964, almost 56 years ago, the then Premier of the old Western Region, Chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola, inaugurated the Ogbomoso Waterworks Project on Yaku land in Ogbomoso North Local Government Area of Oyo State. The project, as one of the legacies of the old Western Region, greatly served… Read full article African Development Bank Gets Acting Director Of Communication And External Relations The African Development Bank Group has announced the appointment of Mrs. Nafissatou N’diaye Diouf as the acting Director for Communications and External Relations effective 1 April 2020… Read full story