Osun State House of Assembly on Wednesday resumed legislative activities in spite of the ravaging coronavirus (COVID-19). The Speaker of the Assembly, Hon. Timothy Owoeye stated that the resumption was borne out of the need to support the state government in the fight against COVID-19 pandemic. Owoeye noted that the leadership agenda of the 7th Assembly is quality legislation that will impact the lives of Osun people. He admitted that the state is in a dire situation and can only achieve more with a functional House of Assembly, saying the assembly was ready to rise up to the challenge by supporting the state government to contain the spread of COVID-19. Owoeye also at plenary summoned the Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Hon. Yemi Lawal to appear before the House on Thursday. ALSO READ: Nigerians who have more than N5,000 account balance won’t get palliatives, says FG He said, “We are aware of plans by the state government to disburse cash palliatives to residents of the State. It is important for the Honourable Commissioner for Youths and Sports to appear before the house tomorrow and intimate us on the beneficiaries and the modalities for disbursement.” It would be recalled that Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, had recently ordered the payment of stipends due to 25,907 vulnerable citizens in the state as part of palliative measures to cushion impacts of the state-wide lockdown. The first is the set of people living with disabilities and the aged. They are 15,289 and captured under the Special Grant Transfer (SGT). Also, there is Public Work Fare (PWF) which is designed for the youths and the beneficiaries under this are 10,618. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story COVID-19: LASACO Gives N1 Billion Free Insurance Cover To Health Workers In Osun As part of its contributions to the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, LASACO Assurance Plc has provided N1 billion free insurance cover to health workers in Osun State. About 200 frontline health workers involved in the containment of the disease in the state will now enjoy insurance cover to the tune of… Read full story Kano Governor Declares One Week Lockdown As State Records Fourth Coronavirus Case Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has declared a lockdown from Thursday for one week in an effort to curb spread of coronavirus which on Tuesday recorded its fourth case. During the period, there will be no movement in the state and the security agencies have been ordered to arrest anyone violating this order… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE