WE started considering the impacts of mental health on enjoying a great marriage last week. This week, I want us to analyse the signs that  shows thatone’s spouse may need help in the area of mental health. Let me make it clear that it does not mean madness. Rather, it is a way of helping one or one’s spouse to stay out of madness. With the early detection of these symptoms, a state of madness is highly preventable. When we notice these signs about oneself or one’s spouse, it means it is time to seek for help, or offer supportive help to the spouse involved What are mental health disorders? As stated by Dr. Victor Lasebikan, in his book, Women’s Mental Health Problems, “According to World Health Organisation (WHO), mental illnesses, also called mental health disorders, refer to a wide range of mental health conditions that affect a person’s mood, thinking, and behaviour, “such as social anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder, drug addiction, and personality disorders. These can be categorised as follows: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD): People with (OCD) are enslaved by constant thoughts or fears that cause them to perform certain rituals or routines. Such disturbing thoughts are called obsessions, and the rituals are called compulsions. A person with an unreasonable fear of germs, who constantly washes his or her hands, falls into this category. ALSO READ: UPDATE: UCH CMD, College Of Medicine Provost, Deputy Test Negative For COVID-19 Dissociative disorders: People with these disorders suffer severe disturbances or changes in memory, consciousness, identity. Common indices of mental health disorders. All these are clear indications that one or one’s spouse needs help in the area of mental health. Prompt action will save the marriage from serious crisis. At this point, “a stitch in time saves” should be the slogan. References: Women’s Mental Health Problems by Dr. Victor O. Lasebikan. www.Facebook.com/foreverandevershow For my book, enjoying great sex life, call 08112658560 for details.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE