An Ilorin magistrate court, Kwara State has sentenced eight violators of lockdown order of the state government to one-week community service. The convicts are; Bukola Popoola, Sharradeen Balogun, Dr Moses Issac, Ibrahim Salami, Saheed Ayuba, Samuel Fadare, Taofeeq Muritala and Alli Abubakar. The lockdown violators were divided into two groups. The first group, according to the judgement delivered by Chief Magistrate Bio Saliu, the violators, who were divided into two groups, had the first group asked to sweep from Tipper Garage to Central Bank of Nigeria headquarters, a distance of about five kilometres, in Ilorin. Others in the second group are to sweep the street beginning from Maraba to Government Secondary School Roundabout, Ilorin. Meanwhile, residents of the state have continued to remain indoor as people of Isale-Aluko, Isale-Maliki, Opo-Malu, Okelele, Isale-bani, Ita-Amo, Ita-Kure, Sanni-Okin among others, were seen in their various homes. Some of them who spoke on condition of anonymity told journalists that the state government should improve on the distribution of palliatives to them so as to cushion the effect of the stay at home order. They also called on the government to continue to embark more on sensitisation on the pandemic disease in order to curb the spread of the pandemic, especially in rural communities of the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead
Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks
Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story