The Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) has once again given back to the society by donating 100 bags of rice and 50 bags of beans to people as the lockdown against the spread of the  coronavirus pandemic is extended by another two weeks. The feeding project, according to the church was another in the series of feeding projects carried out and that about 4000 people benefited from it. Since the pandemic outbreak the church has upgraded its daily feeding project through its centres in Lagos to catering for more people as a result of the COVID-19 lockdown. Following the development, the church extended its hand of fellowship to people, especially the needy and underprivileged with the distribution of food items at the national headquarters of the church, Ebute Metta, Lagos. Speaking on the donation, the representative of the General Overseer of the church, Pastor Enoch Adeboye; Assistant General Overseer on Admin/Personnel, Pastor J. F. Odesola, said: “We know that love isn’t merely expressed through words but in acts. At RCCG, we are even more determined to relieve many of the hardship brought on by COVID-19 through our feeding projects in Nigeria and other countries.” In the same vein, RCCG Region 12, Sagamu, Ogun State, also donated various food items including cartons of noodles, bags of rice and garri, running into millions of naira to communities across  the state. The Pastor-in-Charge of RCCG, Region 12, Sagamu, Ogun State, Pastor Julius Olalekan, on behalf of  Pastor Adeboye, made the presentation of the food items last Monday at the regional headquarters in Sagamu. Pastor Olalekan said that the gesture was in line with the directive of the RCCG General Overseer who has also been playing very prominent roles both physically and spiritually to ensure Nigerians and the government were supported amidst the fight against  the coronavirus pandemic. According to him, “our father in the Lord and General Overseer of RCCG, Daddy Adeboye has directed that it doesn’t matter what is happening, the people must be fed, we must not allow our people to go hungry due to the lockdown order to combat COVID-19. “This is coming at a time we are celebrating our Lord Jesus who gave Himself for mankind on the cross of calvary. So, there is nothing too big to give in support of one another at this period. This is really our third outing and we will still do more to ensure that our people do not go hungry.” Pastor Olalekan explained that just as he was handing over the food items to be distributed in all the communities in Remoland to the leadership of two provinces of RCCG Ogun 5, Sagamu and RCCG Ogun 11 and Ikenne Remo, similar gesture was ongoing at other designated zones in Abeokuta, Ijebu Ode, Ota and Mowe to ensure that many people benefited from the humanitarian act. He charged the pastors-in-charge of the 23 provinces of RCCG across the state to ensure that the palliatives were only given to the people that really needed them in their various communities so as not to defeat the purpose of the humanitarian exercise. He also appealed to Nigerians to continue to maintain personal hygiene, social distancing, wash their hands with soap and water and abide by all the rules and regulations as laid down by the government and health workers to flatten the curve of the virus as this trying time would soon become history by the mercy of the Lord.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE