Abimbola Majekodunmi-Onakoya is an American trained nurse and politician who contested a Senatorial seat in Ogun State on the platform of Green Party of Nigeria, but now an All Progressives Congress (APC) member. In this interview, with BAYO ALADE she affirmed that the healthcare system in Nigeria is in comatose while shedding light on what needs to be done particularly in this crucial period of fighting the coronavirus pandemic. Excerpt:  BEING a trained nurse, how would you describe the coronavirus disease? The World Health Organisation has described coronavirus as a pandemic. Pandemic simply means an epidemic or disease that spreads over different continents while affecting large number of people. Currently, there is no vaccine that can prevent coronavirus disease. The virus is thought to spread mainly from person-to-person; between people who are in close contact with one another. Through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes, these droplets can find their way into the mouths or noses of people close by or possibly be inhaled into the lungs. It can spread from contact with contaminated surfaces or objects and then the contacts touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads. Thus, it is of great importance for people to adhere to set guidelines in order to combat it. The guidelines include avoiding crowded places, staying at home and washing hands after every 30 minutes and always keeping social distance. We are all aware that Nigerian healthcare system is not at par with world standards.  Therefore, if we people don’t combat the spread of this pandemic then it will soon overwhelm our hospitals. For instance, it has happened in Italy where the healthcare services have been overwhelmed and even the President had to agree that despite their advanced healthcare system, they are unable to solve the solution. It is a deadly disease. The statistics should make Nigerians rethink their living patterns, despite that we live communal lifestyle In addition, we can have a total lock down if the spread isn’t controlled. Though the disease started in Wuhan, China, it has been able to recover as there was a lockdown for two months. The lockdown was lifted after people recovered and new cases were no longer being experienced.  Are you satisfied with the percentage allocated for health in our budget? Today, about 70 per cent of the country’s population still spends out-of-pocket for health services, according to Budgit, a platform analysing Nigerian budgets and public data. I have seen some state governments trying to refurbish the old hospitals that are not where the world currently is health care-wise. Good qualitative health care is not cheap; it is not a joke anywhere in the world. The underprivileged needs affordable health insurance, but my question is, do they know about health insurance? Is it affordable for them? Is there awareness campaigns? These statistics are best indicators that much needed to be done. Firstly, a programme like Universal Health care funded by World Bank should help in fast-tracking levels of healthcare. We can then have world class hospitals in different parts of Nigeria. We can do it, we are the best black doctors in America, and 70 per cent of black doctors in the US are Nigerians. We also have well-trained Nigerian nursing practitioners and registered nurses in the US. We have the logistics, the national assembly, state governors and the presidency need to come together and think about building world class hospitals in partnership with private sectors. For a start in every state in Nigeria we need at least two world class hospitals. Such moves will help in generating more revenue as people will not travel to other countries in search of better healthcare services. In addition, there should be better remuneration of healthcare workers so as to avoid brain drain. Most Nigerians working in other developed countries will recognize better opportunities and come back home. Lastly, we need to advance our specialization in healthcare schools in order to cater for different healthcare needs.  Are you hopeful of a better health sector in Nigeria? Yes I do. That is better healthcare system to cater for all citizens regardless of class. My dream for healthcare in Nigeria is for us to have the best health care system in the whole of Africa, or at least in West Africa. Let’s turn Nigeria into a Mecca of healthcare. World class healthcare system has to do with expertise, equipment as well as staffing of hospitals. I am hoping that so much attention will be centred on healthcare now that coronavirus has hit the entire world and no one can escape from Nigeria to London, Dubai, India or America. A Kenyan politician is reported to have said that ‘coronavirus is somehow good as it will bring equality. We as leaders are used to getting treatment overseas at the expense of the poor, but now we can’t go anywhere.’ We need to reflect on our health care system.” In Nigeria, we need to get our priorities right. The cost of running government is too high, why do we need to buy Toyota Camry for Senators or give them housing allowances in a country that is struggling to pay minimum monthly wage of N30,000. Most United States Senators and Representatives make an annual salary of $174,000. Those in leadership make a bit more. For example, the Speaker of the US House of Reps makes $223,500 and majority and minority leaders in the House and Senate make $193,400. Why do we pay so much money to our Senators and Reps in Nigeria? I hope at the end of this pandemic, Nigeria will take a serious look at its healthcare and educational systems. Doctors, nurses and teachers/lecturers must be well paid without owing them monthly salaries. They need their rewards on earth just like the politicians. I hope this corona virus has taught us many lessons. Such lessons should bring a meaningful change to health care system in Nigeria.  What should be done at this crucial period to overcome coronavirus? I don’t think we have enough testing kits in Nigeria, I can say categorically that we are not testing enough people as it is. Nigeria government needs to get more testing kits that can give results within 8 hours. Can you believe we only have seven labs in the entire country? Total closure is what we need just as Chinese locked down Wuhan for weeks but with the level of poverty in Nigeria, many people may die from the hunger, poverty, even before the virus, so it may be very hard to lockdown Nigeria. I am sure government is looking into how to go about food distribution before embarking on complete shutdown. But how do we go about social distancing and self-isolation with people living in slums, or with a family living in one room apartment. Finally, I strongly believe Nigerians also deserve stimulus package even if it’s between N50,000 and N100,000 depending on number of adults with registered BVN. I believe it’s the right thing to do to save people from hunger and financial problems since they are under movement restrictions caused by this pandemic. In addition to stimulus package, Central Bank of Nigeria need to lower interest rates on loans, cut off VAT, ensure easy access to different loans/grants, lower taxes etc. Small scale businesses should not be left out. My advice for the political establishments in Nigeria is to encourage those in the Diasporas that are reaching out with helping hands. Most of them get frustrated when told to go and queue from the back despite the vast knowledge they are bringing into the country.  How would you describe the leadership style of Nigerian government? I’m sorry but honestly Nigerian leadership has failed. It has been a challenge to prioritise projects. Nigerian leaders are not focusing on meaningful projects; it is dawning on everyone now with this crisis. Inflation has hit most economies due to COVID-19. If the situation persists can the common man in Nigeria survive? We need to wake up.  Be Transparent In Identifying The Poor For Palliatives —CAN Charges Govt THE Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has charged the state and Federal Government to apply transparency and inclusiveness in identifying the poor, whom relief materials had been made available for amid the present pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Why I Believe Nigerians, Others In Malaria Belt, Have Little To Fear —Abu, US Based Clinical Cardiologist Dr Rasaq Olanrewaju Abu has been in medical practice since 1984 and currently runs a clinical cardiology practice in College Park, Maryland, USA. In this interview conducted online by SAHEED SALAWU, Dr Abu speaks on why the huge number of deaths being experienced in Europe due to COVID-19 pandemic and America may not … Read full interview COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 17 New Cases, Toll Rises To 305 Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Friday, has announced 17 more new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), making the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria rise to 305… Read full story Can I Have Prostate Cancer? I am a 60-year-old man. My father died from Prostate cancer many years ago. Kindly let me know my chances of also having the cancer… Read full story Outsmarting Covid-19 It is no longer news that COVID-19, a strain of coronavirus, has held the whole world to ransom. When the disease broke out in China some months back, it gave the whole world a chance to prepare ahead. It is however conspicuous that the preparation was and it is still not sufficient, looking at the severe effect of the outbreak… Read full story Coronavirus Came From Bat, But How Did It Get To Man? A vacuum of knowledge about the origins of the new coronavirus ravaging the world has provided fertile ground for all manner of theories — from the fantastic, to the dubious to the believable… Read full story Eti-Osa Is Leading In Coronavirus Cases, Yet Flouting Stay-At-Home Order Despite recording the highest number of coronavirus cases, residents of Eti-Osa Local Government Area of the state have continued to flout the stay-at-home and social distancing orders imposed on the state to contain the spread of the deadly virus, Saturday Tribune was told by one of the community leaders… Read full article Help For Couples With Mental Health Disorders IDENTIFYING problems without proffering solutions will amount to a wasted exercise. Every mental health disorder is treatable. Couples facing such a challenge should know that help is available to them. So, there is no reason to lose hope, and resign to fate. Once they embrace this truth, they will be able to seek for the available help… Read full article I Was Under Some Pressure On What It Would Take To Be Olori —Olori Adeyanju Save for beads, which she sparsely adorns at public functions, there is scarcely anything which announces her as the wife of a traditional ruler. Ask her about her preference for anonymous disposition, Olori Iswat Oluwakemi Adeyanju, wife of the Olororuwo of Ororuwo, Osun State, Oba Qamarudeen Adeyemi Adeyanju… Read full interview Preventing Skin Damage Due To Face Masks With many frontline healthcare workers wearing face masks for much of the day, some are experiencing uncomfortable skin damage. One of the authors of a recent article on the topic offers advice… Read full article Manicure At Home Like An Expert Getting a quality nail art in the comfort of your home is very easy and now is the best time as going to the salon is not an easy option because of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE