Policemen from the Lagos State Police Command on Saturday night arrested the owner of a drinking bar and the customers for eating and drinking at the bar in the night in violation of the lockdown imposed by the Federal Government on Lagos State. Operatives of the Rapid Response Squad (RRS) of the state police command went to the popular drinking bar, Jude’s Place at Odozie Road along Isheri/Berger axis of the state and saw the owner operating the bar and serving his customers, both men and women, Nkwobi, Isi Ewu and assorted drinks. The operatives promptly arrested both the owner of the bar and the customers and when questioned, the owner said he was not aware that he was not supposed to operate his drinking joint, adding that his customers who he claimed lived in the area said they wanted to enjoy themselves. Some of the customers who were also arrested while they were drinking and eating said since they lived in the area, they thought they could walk into the bar and have one or two bottles of drinks along with Nkwobi and Isi Ewu. However, after some beggings both from the customers and some residents in the area, both the owner of the bar and the customers were released late in the night while the policemen warned the owner to henceforth obey the lockdown order. According to a statement by the RRS on its twitter handle, “Commander RRS while on routine patrol last night along Isheri/Berger axis noticed a bar open and operating fully despite the lockdown order. He immediately ordered the arrest of the owner who claimed he was only preparing Nkwobi. “The customers present were also arrested .but were allowed to go with a warning. Please stay at home to prevent the spread of the virus.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story