The Kano State Fire Service has confirmed that four members of a family died in a collapsed building at Saberi area in Gwale Local Government Area, on Monday. Spokesman of the service, Saidu Mohammed, who confirmed the incident in a statement on Tuesday in Kano, said that three other victims were rescued from the debris. Mohammed said that the incident occurred when the occupants of the house were sleeping. “Seven persons were trapped in the collapsed building, four of them died later at Murtala Muhammad Specialist Hospital, Kano while the remaining three victims were receiving treatment at the hospital. Among those rescued was a one-year-old boy. “We received a distress call from one Sadi Gora, who lives in the neighbourhood, at about 11:45 p.m. that a building collapsed in the area. “On receiving the information, we quickly deployed our rescue team to the scene at about 11:55 p.m.,” he said. According to him, the cause of the incident is still under investigation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story