Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) has donated two truckloads of food items worth millions of naira to the Lagos State government as its contribution to the state government relief efforts to citizens during the ongoing lockdown. Speaking during the presentation of the food and other households items to the Managing Director/CEO, EKEDC PLC, Mr Adeoye Fadeyibi, expressed gratitude to the Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and his team for regular and detailed updates. “All we have to do is stock up and stay at home. This, of course, comes with a number of concerns which brings us on the same page with the Lagos state government. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bauchi govt to spend N10m to fumigate major towns “What happens to the indigent population of our state? How do we care for the low-income earners and the underprivileged amongst us? “I’m talking about those who can’t afford three square meals on a regular basis. So for them, stocking up for the period is not really a practical option. This question has been on my mind since I heard the announcement. ”One of the many anonymous posts flowing across social media captured these concerns quite well. It started and I’ll paraphrase a bit,” he said. He said EKEDC’s corporate strategies included looking out for these low-income earners and the underprivileged among its customers and the general public. Accepting the trucks with food items on behalf of the state, Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr Gbolahan Lawal, commended EKEDC for the gesture and called on other corporate organisations to emulate the DisCo by supporting the government’s relief efforts. Lawal assured the donors that the items would be utilised judiciously to ensure that they bring succour to the people of the state, especially those worst hit by the lockdown. He also debunked the claim that only members of the ruling party were benefiting from the relief support, stressing that they were being distributed through Community Development Associations, councillors, religious bodies and traditional rulers. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE