THE Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) has appointed Mr. Philip Kyanet as the agency’s spokesman and Head of Public Relations. The appointment is part of the ongoing restructuring of the agency by the newly appointed management of NIMASA led by Dr. Bashir Jamoh. Mr. Kyanet replaces Mr. Isichei Osamgbi who has been deployed to the Special Duties (External Relations and Technical Cooperation) Unit in the Office of the Director-General. Kyanet who is a member of several professional bodies including the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR) and the Chartered Institute of Transport Administration Nigeria (CIoTA) comes on board with over 15 years work experience in NIMASA, out of which nine have been in the Public Relations Unit. A graduate of History from the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) Zaria, Kyanet also holds a Post Graduate Diploma in Public Administration from the Administrative Staff College of Nigeria (ASCON) Badagry, Lagos. He has attended many professional courses locally and internationally.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article Lagos Govt Wants Completion Of Primary Six Policy For JSS1 Admission Enforced The Lagos State government has indicated it willingness to start enforcing the completion of six years primary education policy for all pupils who want to gain admission into junior secondary schools (JSS1) in both the public and private schools in the state. It said that had been a national policy on education for… Read full story