The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Kaduna Command said it arrested 18 vehicles for violating the restriction of movement and social distance ordered by the Federal and Kaduna State governments to curtail the COVID-19 pandemic. The state’s Sector Commander, Mr. Hafiz Mohammed, said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Kaduna. Mohammed said the operation was carried out by the Corps personnel from April 13 to April 16, adding that the areas affected included Western Bye-pass, Mando and Dutsinma Junction within the Kaduna metropolis, linking to the major highway. He said the command arrested 10 overloaded vehicles along the Western Bye-pass and Mando area on April 13. The sector commander said the team also carried out “Operation Social Distance” on April 16 at the Dutsinma Junction, where it arrested eight vehicles. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Military threatens to use minimum force over enforcement for stay-at-home orders “They were booked for overloading passengers, which is contrary to the Social Distance Order against the spread of COVID-19,” Mohammed said. He also said the command was involved in operation YAKI Joint Task Force that enforced the closure of markets in Kakuri, Trikania, Tudun Wada, Kabala West, and Kurmin Mashi, among others. Mohammed urged motorists to comply with the restriction of movement and social distance in order to curtail the spread of COVID- 19. NAN Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE