Concerning free electricity supply, the House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector, on Thursday, unanimously resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians, as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. This was reached during a meeting held at the instance of the House leadership with the Minister of Power, Mr Mamman Saleh; Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), James Momoh; Group Managing Director, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mr Mele Kyari; Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Nigeria Bulk Electricity Trading Plc (NBET), Mrs Marilyn Amobi, as well as representatives of Distribution Companies (DisCos), who underscored the need to identify who will bear the burden of cost of electricity for the period. In his remarks, Speaker, House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila, said the panel’s mandate was to work out modalities for the proposed two-month bill waiver for the most vulnerable people in the country. He said the panel is also expected to identify the group of Nigerians to benefit from the free power supply, the number of households connected to the national grid, as well as find the way forward for regular power supply to Nigerians after the COVID-19 crisis. Gbajabiamila said the essence of the meeting was to proffer means of alleviating the socio-economic effects of COVID-19 on Nigerians during and after the crisis period through the supply of power. He said: “We are here to find out how we go about it. I’m happy that in my previous engagements with the NNPC GMD, he was very interested. “Whatever the issues are within the power supply chain, they have to be dealt with and set aside, but how we deal with the issue at stake is why we are here today. “This is not about technicalities or blaming any part of the power supply value chain; it is just about how we find a solution. “The objective is very simple: we are asking people to stay at home for several days or weeks, so we need to make their stay at home comfortable. We need to help the poorest of the poor at this time in Nigeria. “So, the mandate is very simple with all the stakeholders here. I believe that the best stimulus that we can give our people right now is the supply of electricity to the very vulnerable households. “Even if we agree that this proposal as an investment scheme according to the power sector stakeholders, I think we need to keep our eyes on the ball. What is that ball? Get to the end-user, who is the beneficiary of that investment scheme. “I wouldn’t want to look at it as the DisCos or GenCos or even the Transmission Company as the beneficiaries. For me, the ultimate beneficiary is the Nigerian people.” Gbajabiamila expressed his disappointment over the failure of NERC to ensure the establishment of the Power Consumer Assistance Fund as provided in the Act. He said the Fund would have served the purpose it was meant for, if it were in existence at this time. After being informed that the fund had not been set up, Gbajabiamila, citing Section 83 of the Electricity Power Sector Act, said: “We have broken the law because the law mandated it; it is not optional. It is the Act that mandated its establishment.” In his remarks, Saleh said the executive arm was ready to contribute its part to the success of the proposal, saying: “We will give all the support as well as technical advice towards the realisation of this objective. We are ready whenever our input is needed.” Kyari, who observed that the issue of gas supply to the GenCos is critical to power supply in the country, said the proposal is workable if the issue of who is to carry the burden of cost and margins in the supply value chain is settled and agreed on by all the parties. He said note had to be taken of the actual beneficiaries of the two-month free supply palliative, because not every Nigerian falls into the category of the poorest, adding that the existence of the industrial sector should be of concern at the end of the crisis period. The NNPC boss said though 100 per cent uninterrupted power supply is impossible because not enough power is generated due to the COVID-19 crisis, he assured that gas supply would not be an issue, as 100 per cent supply is guaranteed once the debt issue is addressed. Also at the meeting were the Leader of the House, Honourable Ado Doguwa; Chief Whip, Honourable Mohammed Tahir Monguno; Deputy Leader, Honourable Peter Akpatason; Deputy Chief Whip, Honourable Nkeiruka Onyejeocha; Minority Leader, Honourable Ndudi Elumelu and the Chairman, House Committee on Power, Honourable Magaji Aliyu, among others. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story Ogun Discharges Three Coronavirus Patients Three coronavirus patients have been discharged by the Ogun State government from one of its isolation centres between Wednesday and Thursday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story 