The Kano State government has said it will investigate the reports of the alleged mass deaths. It was reported on national television that a large number of people were buried across various cemeteries in the state recently. However, the Kano State Ministry of Health has commenced an investigation into the matter. According to a statement issued on Monday by Hadiza Namadi, the image-maker of the ministry, the state Commissioner for Health, Aminu Tsanyawa, assured that investigation into the matter is ongoing to verify the claim and possible causes of the deaths. The statement, however, assured that the public will be informed on the outcome of the investigation in due course. It would be recalled that the trending increasing death in the ancient city of Kano is creating tension as many residents are scared and relating it to the COVID-19 pandemic as most of the deceased are middle age and old people. Professor Isa Abubakar, of Public Health and Community Medicine, however, said that the reports on mass deaths could be attributed to one of three issues. According to him, it could be attributed to COVID-19 patients who were not tested, though this is insignificant because even in the countries with COVID-19, the percentage of deaths among infected persons is low. He also disclosed that there are some people who need treatment for different health challenges, besides COVID-19. However, the attention of major hospitals has been shifted to COVID-19 and some patients may not even have access to the hospitals due to the traffic restrictions. Professor Abubakar noted that the third reason was that most people are now idle at home and therefore are free to take note of the number of deaths around them. “That is why people assume there is an increasing death rate while probably there is none at all,” he said. The state government said it has asked an investigation committee to unravel the circumstances leading to alleged mass deaths and has promised to furnish members of public on the findings of the committee. Conflicting reports trail the mass deaths said to have occurred in the state, even as there is no authoritative source that keeps track of deaths in Kano. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story COVID-19 Responses Must Be Built On Human Solidarity — ILO Tells World Bank, IMF The Director-General of the International Labour Organization (ILO), Guy Ryder, has called for an immediate human-centred response through global solidarity to the COVID-19 pandemic. In his submissions to the Spring Meetings of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank (WB), the ILO Director-General… Read full story Abia Confirms Two Cases Of Coronavirus Abia State Government has recorded two confirmed cases of coronavirus. This is the first index case the state is recording since the novel coronavirus was first confirmed in Nigeria. In a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, on Monday night, said both patients are advanced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Lockdown: FG/Rivers Tango Over Caverton Helicopters Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, recently ordered the arrest of two pilots of Caverton Helicopters and 10 passengers. The arrest was made because Caverton Helicopters had on more than one occasion allegedly violated the governor’s executive order on the ongoing coronavirus lockdown in the state… Read full story Covid-19 And Challenges Of Virtual Learning THE global world woke up to a pandemic, Corona Virus, popularly labeled as COVID-19, late December, 2019 in a community of Chinese people in Wuhan. While there are different narratives as regards the emergence and causes of the pandemic, the loss in human fatality, economic recession, socio-psychological… Read full story UNICEF, IHS Towers Join Forces To Support Nigeria’s COVID-19 Response UNICEF, the United Nations Children’s Fund, has accepted a $170,000 contribution from IHS Nigeria, the largest subsidiary of IHS Towers. This contribution, according to a statement, is to directly support the provision of medical essentials such as test kits and personal protective equipment (PPEs), which will… Read full story Young Workers Will Be Hit Hard By COVID-19’S Economic Fallout — ILO The International Labour Organization (ILO), said young people will be hit very hard by the economic fallout of the COVID-19 crisis; and gave reasons why the pandemic will particularly have severe impact on the youth. “The COVID-19 emergency is affecting almost everyone in the world, regardless of age, income or country… Read full story 5G Tech Has Great Potentials, No Health Hazard —NIEEE THE Nigerian Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (NIEEE), has said that the 5G technology has potentials to accelerate global industrial and environmental advancement without health implications.Mr Kings Adeyemi, NIEEE’s National Chairman, said in a statement in Lagos, recently, that the evolution of every stage from… Read full story Renewed Herdsmen Killings: Ortom Directs Recruitment Of More Livestock Guards Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has directed the 23 Local Government Council Chairmen in the state to commence the recruitment of new members for the state Livestock Guards to shore up the enforcement of the state’s open grazing prohibition law… Read full story Atiku, The Oxygen In PDP Lung THE Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has no better option than former Vice President and the Waziri Adamawa, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, as its presidential flag-bearer in 2023. As oxygen is needed to burn the fuel (sugars and fatty acids) in our cells to produce energy, Atiku is also the only political juggernaut who can crush the… Read full story COVID-19: Farmers Express Worry Over Looming Food Crisis With the growing frustrations occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic and the lockdown in various states within the south-west region, farmers are registering their fear of a looming food crisis. In Lagos State, farmers have warned that unless appropriate steps are taken by the states and Federal Government… Read full story Why We Must Encourage Our Subjects To Adhere To Govt’s Directives —Oba Makama An important festival which all sons and daughters of Kuta in Ayedire Local Government Council of Osun State yearly look forward to is Anlugbua during which they reunite in remembrance of the progenitor of their town. Despite the unpredictable wave of the Coronavirus, the Olowu of Kuta, Oba Adekunle Oyelude… Read full story