Many people name it in-play, while others brand it in-running. However, here we would be using live betting to explain it. This has a very simple explanation. It is the act of staking money on some actions in an event that is ongoing. If you are talking about football, then it entails betting on some markets while the game is on. Now, one thing this does is to take you straight into the arena and reduce the need for statistics and history. For instance, when you wager on a team to defeat the other in a football match, the odds are set based on form, record, head to head, and many other things. The favorite team gets the least odd, while the underdog gets way higher. Now, if in the same game, the underdog manages to score against the favorite team first, the odds on majority of the markets will change, and the major odd will change. While the favorite are still tipped to win, the odd will become higher, while that of the underdog that is winning will get an increase. The change of odds encountered in live games could be the result of any action. Injury to key players, red card to a team or other events can affect odds. You can check betting bookmakers review to know which operators offer in-play betting. Types of Live Betting There are many types of bets on the live system. But they vary based on the place you are staking and the type of sports involved. This bet system seems to be the most demanding for sportsbooks because everything must be up and running till the event is over. Traditional live bets This involves those traditional markets that we’ve known in the past. Here, you will have the same options of win, loose, draw, and others. But the important thing is that there would be serious changes in the odds. The odd of the winning team or the team that has the upper hand in the game will reduce, while that of the team that is losing or the one that is not performing well will go up. If the event is looking like a tie, then the odds may not change much. Props live bet During the in-play staking, you will also discover that the hitherto available prop bets will still be there. Capable sportsbooks will keep both the skill and fun based props in the live bets. If they include how many saves a keeper will make or how many interceptions a defender will come up with, you will see them in the prop live bets. Parlay Live Bets In some of the sportsbooks, the punters will be given the chance to transform their single bets into parlays. This is a system where bettors will have the chance to add more money to their already winning stakes. For instance, if you predicted an event and it is coming to pass, you can add more bets on it. Strategy to Succeed In Live Betting There are things you must bear in mind if you wish to succeed in live betting in any reputable site.