The management of the Federal Medical Centre, Lokoja, Kogi State, is to deny any patients not wearing face mask services. In a press statement issued on Monday and made available to Tribune Online, the management noted that the law would take effect from April 22. According to the statement: “In view of the evidence made available by the National Center for Disease Control (NCDC), we are already into community spread phase of person-to-person transmission of COVID-19 and there could be asymptomatic carriers who can potentially infect others. ALSO READ: Abia govt condemns shooting of Abians, says soldier who killed resident dismissed, now in prison custody “The hospital management has decided that all persons coming into the hospital for whatever reason, patients inclusive, must wear at least fabric made face mask to cover their mouth and nose before they can have access to any of our services. “To this effect, our staff reserve the right to deny you services if you are without a face mask with effect from 22nd April 2020. This is for personal and community protection, please. “Only one caregiver per patient who wears the authorised pass will be allowed within the hospital premises.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article