A member of Nigeria’s House of Representatives, Hon. Sam Onuigbo, on Thursday, urged Abia State citizens to adopt all precautionary measures outlined by Federal Government and health professionals in the effort to prevent the world ravaging coronavirus. Hon. Onuigbo gave the charge during the distribution of some hygiene and protective aids including face masks, hand gloves, tap-buckets, hand sanitizers, literature to his constituents including: workers, market and transport unions and other select groups. Hon. Onuigbo who represents Ikwuano/Umuahia North/South Federal Constituency during the outreach expressed concern over the spiral effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the world economy and other human and social activities. ALSO READ: SUBEB distributes motorcycles to enhance quality control in Bauchi Hon. Onuigbo who explained that the gesture will assist the beneficiaries which include the health workers, the media and the populace to protect themselves, also commended the Federal Government for the proactive steps so far taken in combating the spread of the virus. While responding on behalf of the beneficiaries, the Chief Medical Director Federal Medical Centre Umuahia, Dr Azubuike Onyebuchi who was represented by Mr Onyemachi Orji, lauded Chief Sam Onuigbo for his thoughtfulness and prompt intervention which he said will go a long way to assist the people in this critical time in the life of the entire world and urged others in the society to emulate him. Also speaking, the Director-General, Broadcasting Corporation of Abia State, Sir Anyaso Anyaso represented by the Director, News & Current Affairs, Hyacinth Okoli described the gesture as unique especially with the inclusion of Journalists and media practitioners who are always on duty to cover and inform the public of events on the issue as they unfold. He assured that the media will continue to discharge its duties in ensuring that the country and the world overcome the current challenge of coronavirus. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:*