An Osun State Magistrate Court, sitting in Osogbo on Tuesday remanded a 32-year-old man, identified as Akinloye Saheed, for allegedly posting false information on the Facebook page against Osun State government. Akinloye, who is one of the leaders of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun was docked on four-count charges bothering on defamation, false information, instill fear and an inciteful statement against the government. The prosecution team lead by Acting Solicitor General, Mr. Dapo Adeniji, appeared alongside Moses Faremi, Biodun Badiora, Kemi Bello and Oyedele Akintayo. According to the charge sheet presented before the court by the Acting Solicitor General, Mr. Dapo Adeniji Akinloye was said to have committed the offences on April 11th, 2020 in Osogbo. The charge reads: “That you Akinloye Saheed ‘m’ on 11th day of April 2020 at 11:05 pm at Osogbo did interfere with an executive order of the Osun State government when you published on your Facebook page that “When I accused Osun Government of importing COVID-19 patients into the state just to access fund from the FG, many didn’t believe. The said imported patients are now negative. APC, you are not doing well.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: FG urged to establish training institute to upgrade health practitioners “The information you know to be false and an intent to incite members of the public against the Osun State government. He contended that offence committed by Akinloye contravened section 61, 374, 59(1) of the Criminal code Cap 34 Vol. II Laws of Osun State of Nigeria, 2002 and section 24 of the [Cyber Crime Prohibition Prevention, etc] Act, 2015. However, Akinloye pleaded not guilty to the four-count charges preferred against him. Counsel to the defendant, Barrister Bamidele Ajibade made an oral application for bail on behalf of his client, saying that he won’t jump bail if granted. He said, “Akinloye Saheed was arrested by police and had been granted administrative bail in Police Station. He had been going police station ever since then. This is an attestation that if he is granted bail, he won’t jump bail. “I urge the court to admit my client to bail on the most liberal term. He has reliable sureties to stand for him and he won’t jump bail. But, the prosecutor, Mr. Dapo Adeniji opposed the bail application by the defence counsel, just as he urged the court to remand the accused person in Correctional Centre. He argued that ” I urged the court to remand the accused person in prison custody for 30 days. The Chief Magistrate, Mr. Olusegun Ayilara, ordered that the accused person be remanded in Correctional Facility pending the time that the defence counsel will file the formal application for his client’s bail. He adjourned the case to 13th May 2020. The offences, said the prosecutor, were contrary to Sections 61, 374, 59 (1) of the Criminal Code and punishable under Section 24 of the Cybercrime Law. Claims Of Laying 5G Fibre Optic Cables In Lagos, Others Misleading —DEMS Volunteers Digital Economy Media Support Volunteers’ (DEMS Volunteers’), a non-governmental advocacy group of media and telecoms practitioners creating awareness on digital economy, has described it as strange, the recent social media onslaught on the telecommunications infrastructure deployment in parts of Lagos… Read full story The Corona Laws (III) Against all odds, the COVID 19 lockdown now seems to have been extended indefinitely by the President, without first codifying the process of its enforcement, from the many suggestions proffered from various quarters. The truth is that when a policy is impracticable, even though it may be desirable and expedient… Read full story Impact Of COVID-19 On Nigerian Oil, Gas Sector BY December 31, 2019, Brent crude averaged $60 per barrel; members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries with allies (OPEC+) were on 2.1 million barrels per day (mbpd) cut to help steady prices. The arrangement was in place until March 2020 when the first OPEC meeting heads… Read full story Maize Shortage Looms Over Coronavirus Lockdown Nigeria will experience maize shortage if the lockdown occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic continues. The Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) said it became necessary to alert the Federal Government as maize farmers are unable to access their farms due to the lockdown as well as unavailability of inputs… Read full story EDITORIAL: Akure Explosion: Matters Arising TWO weeks after the explosion that rocked Akure, the Ondo State capital, on Saturday March 28, Nigerians are still largely in the dark regarding the circumstances surrounding the incident. During the explosion which birthed series of conspiracy theories, including a possible attack by the terror group, Boko Haram… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE