The was panic on Tuesday morning when the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) Headquarters in Abuja caught fire, affecting the sixth floor of the building, where the Registrar-General’s office is. The entire building however was not consumed due to the prompt response of men of the Nigerian Fire Service (NFS). Confirming the incident, the Registrar-General of CAC, Alhaji Garba Abubakar, told newsmen that “at about 10.20 hours today one of the outer units of the split air conditioners on the sixth floor in the main building exploded due to power surge. “The sound attracted the attention of the few personnel within the premises and they immediately mobilised to quench the fire using fire extinguishers and fire hose reels within the building. The fire had descended through the outer AC ducts to the fifth and fourth floors which necessitated a call to FCT Fire Service, and they promptly responded. “The fire has since been contained. Only one unit of 2hp split air conditioner and the electric cabling leading to it were affected.  There was no casualty arising from the incident. Furthermore, the Commission’s main building and all records and other vital information have not been affected by the incident.” Abubakar explained further that, “in the office of the registrar-general, we have a section where when certificates are approved. There is an annex in the office of the registrar-general that houses the certificate generating point. “Command is sent by staffs from their houses, and through that command, the certificate comes out through the tray in that office. So, the cooling systems in that place and the server room have to be available and that was the area that was affected. “The annex office is in the office of the RG, but like I said, this thing happened through the outer door, it did not affect the office. It didn’t affect any of our equipment and it didn’t affect any of our documents and all the infrastructure has been restored and we are restarting the service.” He also explained further that even though the city was on lockdown, the Commission was still rendering registration services online. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story COVID-19: LASACO Gives N1 Billion Free Insurance Cover To Health Workers In Osun As part of its contributions to the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, LASACO Assurance Plc has provided N1 billion free insurance cover to health workers in Osun State. About 200 frontline health workers involved in the containment of the disease in the state will now enjoy insurance cover to the tune of… Read full story Kano Governor Declares One Week Lockdown As State Records Fourth Coronavirus Case Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has declared a lockdown from Thursday for one week in an effort to curb spread of coronavirus which on Tuesday recorded its fourth case. During the period, there will be no movement in the state and the security agencies have been ordered to arrest anyone violating this order… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Fire In AGF’s Office LAST Wednesday’s fire outbreak at the Treasury House, a building housing the office of the Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), has understandably triggered controversy. The office is home to the records of revenue generation and disbursements among the three tiers of governments. It archives the government’s fiscal… Read full article Nigeria, Others Consider Clean Energy As Nuclear Interest Rises NIGERIA alongside other African nations are considering a shift to an unexpected power source especially nuclear energy as many face power shortfalls while demands for greener energy and drought threaten hydropower. South Africa has the continent’s only commercial nuclear power plant, but according to the… Read full article Today’s Woman And Feminism In this millennium, there has been an increase in the campaign and advocacy for enforcement of women’s rights and a reorientation that women’s rights are human rights. Indeed, more women across the world are running campaigns, organising and working together or individually to advocate and ensure an improvement… Read full article Keeping Fit During Lockdown The world is currently ravaged by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) and the disease it causes. The virus, which originated in Wuhan, China in January, has rapidly spread across the globe, including Nigeria… Read full article 