Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has pledged to provide immediate palliative to the victims of the fire disaster that burnt down part of Muda Lawal market in Bauchi. The governor made the pledge when he led security heads and other top government officials on a sympathy visit to the victims of the fire disaster on Thursday evening urging them to take it as an act of Allah. Bala Mohammed also said that the immediate palliative to be provided through the State Emergency Management Agency is to cushion the effects of the loses and enable them to start all over again in order to be able to fend for their families. The Governor who sympathized with them on behalf of the state government said that ” On behalf of myself, the People and Government of Bauchi State we came to sympathize with you over this incident in our of our biggest Market in Bauchi State”. ALSO READ: How COVID-19 is redefining Ekiti politics He added that ” There is nothing we can do to stop what happened here rather than to say we are being tested by the Almighty Allah, the state government will make sure its cushion the effects of the loses by bringing palliative immediately.” On the Coronovirus pandemic, the governor enjoined Traders and Artisans Association to support the state government in its commitment to control and tackle the spread of the virus. In his appreciation, Chairman of the Muda Lawal market, Alhaji Bala Mai Kaji who welcome the Governor to the market, expressed gratitude to him for pledging to come to the aid of the victims. According to him, 17 shops, small shades, vehicles, motorcycles, tricycles were affected by one death. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story 