Bauchi State Universal Basic Education Board (BASUBEB), says it has distributed 15 motorcycles to 15 Local Education Authorities (LEAs) to enhance supervision and achieve quality control in schools. Mohammad Abdullahi, the spokesperson of the Board, made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria( NAN)  on Thursday in Bauchi. Abdullahi said the motorcycles were distributed to assist education inspectors to closely monitor teaching and learning in schools as well as ensure effective quality control in schools. ALSO READ: COVID-19: FRSC, security agencies partner to enforce lockdown in Osun He said that motorcycles would also be provided to the remaining five LEAs, as part of proactive measures to enhance monitoring of schools in the 20 LGAs. The spokesman noted that the motorcycles were distributed in collaboration with the World Bank Educational Policy, known as Better Education Service Delivery for All (BESDA). Abdullahi said the programme had donated thousands of textbooks to schools in the state, adding that SUBEB also distributed 14, 484 units of furniture in basic and post-basic schools under the 2017/18 project. According to him, the Board in collaboration with the Universal Education Commission (UBEC) expended over N5 billion on construction, renovation and supply of furniture in the past four years in the state. NAN NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story