AN emergency virtual meeting of the Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development has adopted an Agenda for Action outlining immediate measures that governments, industry, the international community and civil society can take to shore-up digital networks, strengthen capacity at critical connectivity points like hospitals and transport hubs, and boost digital access and inclusivity, with the aim of strengthening collective response to the COVID-19 crisis now sweeping the world. Built around three pillars: Resilient Connectivity, Affordable Access, and Safe Use for Informed and Educated Societies, the agenda serves as a framework for the Commission’s 50+ Commissioners and their organisations to share their own initiatives, make new commitments, and foster collaboration and partnership. Over 100 representatives from around the world participated in the virtual meeting, which brought together stakeholders from international organisations, the tech sector, civil society and academia, including global CEOs, heads of agency, and leaders of tech and health industry bodies. A special guest was UN Under-Secretary-General and Special Advisor, Fabrizio Hochschild, who made an impassioned plea to Commissioners and their organisations to enhance digital cooperation in response to COVID-19, and to do all in their power to combat misinformation and rising inequality, maximise access to relevant data for public good, and protect the millions of additional children joining the online community for the first time in order to connect to remote learning platforms. Echoing these concerns, Henrietta Fore, Executive Director, UNICEF, said “This pandemic is doing what any big shock will do, and increasing the distance between those who have and those who do not. In addition to the devastating immediate effects of COVID-19, the secondary impacts on education, jobs, and finances will continue to impact children, and the world’s most vulnerable, disproportionately in the years to come.” In his opening remarks, ITU Secretary-General and Commission Co-Vice Chair Houlin Zhao emphasized the vital importance of accelerating global efforts to connect the remaining half of the population still totally without internet access. “As the COVID-19 pandemic accelerates, making in-roads in the developing world and threatening all of humanity, we need to take immediate action to ensure no one is left behind. This unprecedented crisis shows that nobody is safe until we are all safe. And it shows, with no ambiguity, that we will not unleash the full potential of broadband until we are all connected.” NIMC appoints Kayode Adegoke, Head, Corporate Communications The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) has named Mr. Kayode Adegoke as Head of its Corporate Communications Unit. Adegoke’s appointment, as approved by the Director-General of NIMC, Engr. Aliyu Aziz, took effect on March 27, 2020. Until his appointment, Mr. Adegoke was NIMC’s Regional Coordinator responsible for the coordination of all operational and other activities and departments to meet the Commission’s set targets in the Lagos Region, made up of Lagos East and West. Adegoke holds a Higher National Diploma in Mass Communication and a Master’s degree in Marketing Communication as well as a Master’s degree in Managerial Psychology, among other qualifications. A public relations and brands communication focused professional, Kayode is an Associate member of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR), a member of the Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON) as well as fellow of the chattered Institute of Administration. Adegoke joined NIMC in January 2014 and has held the position of state coordinator (Osun and Ondo States), and subsequently held other positions in the commission, including head, customer care, local government coordinator, state coordinator and more recently Regional Coordinator before his recent appointment to head the Corporate Communications Unit. Before joining NIMC, Adegoke worked as Unit Sales Manager at Nigerian Bottling Company Plc from 2007 to 2013 and also, as Assistant Manager, Sales and Marketing at Intercontinental Distilleries, where he managed products growth in Lagos and the South West Region, as well as customers’ accounts and promotional activities. Prior to that, he worked as Sales Representative at Chellarams Plc, where he managed the Supermarkets chain, bars, restaurants and other formal channels and was responsible for creation of new route to market for the company. Adegoke has since resumed duties in his new position.  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE