The Yeyelua of Ibadanland, Modinat Bosede Adedibu, a wife of the Late Ibadan Politician, Lamidi Adedibu, has expressed excitement over Seyi Makinde’s negative status to COVID-19. It would be recalled that the Oyo State Governor, who had earlier tested positive to COVID-19 has now tested negative to the virus. Mrs  Adedibu, while lauding the efforts of the State Government, especially the COVID-19 task force towards combating the scourge,  urged residents of Ibadanland to adhere strictly to the precautionary measures enrolled by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control; which included regular hand washing or sanitising the hand with an alcohol-based sanitiser,  social distancing and lots more. “I believe with strict compliance to the directives of the NCDC and with consistent prayers to God, we shall overcome the pandemic. Although, I believe the virus would not have spread like this, if the government had earlier declared a lockdown before they did. But still, he has done well to impose a curfew. I urge people to comply with these set rules, they should stay home and stay safe because it is for their benefit,” she added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Falana Explodes: We Are Ruled By Incompetent, Ignorant, Lawless Individuals In an interview electronically-conducted, LANRE ADEWOLE engaged leading lawyer and senior advocate of Nigeria, Mr. Femi Falana, on the state of the nation, coronavirus epidemic controversies and the quality of leadership; handling the attendant socio-economic crises… Read full article Let’s Be Fervent In Our Prayer For Divine Intervention —Lawan THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history… Read full article Be Transparent In Identifying The Poor For Palliatives —CAN Charges Govt THE Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has charged the state and Federal Government to apply transparency and inclusiveness in identifying the poor, whom relief materials had been made available for amid the present pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Why I Believe Nigerians, Others In Malaria Belt, Have Little To Fear —Abu, US Based Clinical Cardiologist Dr Rasaq Olanrewaju Abu has been in medical practice since 1984 and currently runs a clinical cardiology practice in College Park, Maryland, USA. In this interview conducted online by SAHEED SALAWU, Dr Abu speaks on why the huge number of deaths being experienced in Europe due to COVID-19 pandemic and America may not … Read full interview COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 17 New Cases, Toll Rises To 305 Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Friday, has announced 17 more new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), making the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria rise to 305… Read full story Can I Have Prostate Cancer? I am a 60-year-old man. My father died from Prostate cancer many years ago. Kindly let me know my chances of also having the cancer… Read full story Outsmarting Covid-19 It is no longer news that COVID-19, a strain of coronavirus, has held the whole world to ransom. When the disease broke out in China some months back, it gave the whole world a chance to prepare ahead. It is however conspicuous that the preparation was and it is still not sufficient, looking at the severe effect of the outbreak… Read full story Coronavirus Came From Bat, But How Did It Get To Man? A vacuum of knowledge about the origins of the new coronavirus ravaging the world has provided fertile ground for all manner of theories — from the fantastic, to the dubious to the believable… Read full story Eti-Osa Is Leading In Coronavirus Cases, Yet Flouting Stay-At-Home Order Despite recording the highest number of coronavirus cases, residents of Eti-Osa Local Government Area of the state have continued to flout the stay-at-home and social distancing orders imposed on the state to contain the spread of the deadly virus, Saturday Tribune was told by one of the community leaders… Read full article Help For Couples With Mental Health Disorders IDENTIFYING problems without proffering solutions will amount to a wasted exercise. Every mental health disorder is treatable. Couples facing such a challenge should know that help is available to them. So, there is no reason to lose hope, and resign to fate. Once they embrace this truth, they will be able to seek for the available help… Read full article I Was Under Some Pressure On What It Would Take To Be Olori —Olori Adeyanju Save for beads, which she sparsely adorns at public functions, there is scarcely anything which announces her as the wife of a traditional ruler. Ask her about her preference for anonymous disposition, Olori Iswat Oluwakemi Adeyanju, wife of the Olororuwo of Ororuwo, Osun State, Oba Qamarudeen Adeyemi Adeyanju… Read full interview Preventing Skin Damage Due To Face Masks With many frontline healthcare workers wearing face masks for much of the day, some are experiencing uncomfortable skin damage. One of the authors of a recent article on the topic offers advice… Read full article Manicure At Home Like An Expert Getting a quality nail art in the comfort of your home is very easy and now is the best time as going to the salon is not an easy option because of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE