Two COVID-19 patients were discharged on Sunday in Oyo State, while in Ogun State two additional COVID-19 cases have been confirmed. Making the announcement via twitter, Governor Seyi Makinde said on Sunday that “Two confirmed COVID-19 patients were discharged today after receiving their second negative test results. “This brings the number of discharged cases to nine. So, there are currently six active cases in Oyo State.” Meanwhile in Ogun State, the Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker announced two additional cases of confirmed COVID-19 patients in the state. The commissioner stated that Ogun now has a total number of 12 cases comprising nine males and three females: “This was the situation as at 11:30pm on Saturday. “All close contacts of the patients have been promptly identified and placed under observation, while authorities continue contact tracing to identify, isolate and quarantine all other possible contacts. “In   addition, the government is also establishing drive-through testing facilities, all in an effort   to test as many as possible so as to truly confirm   that numbers of positive cases we have are a true reflection of the situation in our state.” According to Coker, the two new cases had contact with an earlier case who reportedly had international travel history.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story