National President of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Farouk Rabiu Mudi, has called on farmers across the country to remain steadfast in the production of food amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. According to AgroNigeria the AFAN President who made this appeal in Kano, said that the association was working hard to ensure that Nigeria’s food supply chain was sustained, even as the nation tackles the COVID-19 disease. Mudi also restated the commitment of the Minister of Agriculture, Alhaji Sabo Nanono, who had assured farmers of maximum support in driving farming activities and food production during this pandemic. He told AgroNigeria: “The issue of COVID-19 which is everywhere in the world is here in Nigeria too. This is the reality, and so we are appealing to the farmers to continue producing food. “Just as the Minister of Agriculture, Alhaji Mohammed Sabo Nanono has said, all farmers should be having their normal farming activities so as not to get shortage of food after the pandemic “We are appealing to farmers to continue their normal activities and abide by all the regulations that the medical teams and the government have put in place. We are also ready to support all farmers during this pandemic. “The government, especially the Federal Ministry of Agriculture is ready to support the farmers in this production season. He further assured that Nigerian farmers would take in their stride to ensure that the country does plunge into any form of food insecurity.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article MONDAY LINES: Lessons From Abba Kyari’s Exit THERE is a prime place in medical history for Mary Mallon, a career cook for several wealthy families in New York who spread disease and death everywhere she worked. One of such wealthy people was Charles Henry Warren, a banker with a Midas touch who engaged Mallon in his Long Island vacationing home as a cook in… Read full article Managing Information During Crises Mismanaging information can bring a company down in normal times. But the destructive propensity of information mismanagement comes in bold relief during a crisis. This is because during a crisis, everything is in a flux; uncertainty rules, abnormality reigns, surprises abound, anxiety holds sway and everyone is on edge… Read full article