The Anglican cleric at Oko Agbele in Oshimili South Local Government Area of Delta State, Reverend Anthony Oyi, who was abducted by suspected herdsmen on Saturday, has regained his freedom. The anglican cleric was kidnapped by suspected herdsmen in his farm at Issele-Mkpitime in Aniocha North Local Government Area of Delta State on Saturday morning. The development was confirmed by Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Onome Onovwakpoyeya, on Sunday evening. Onovwakpoyeya, however, could not confirm whether the requested N15 million ransom was paid before the priest could secure his release. She stated that efforts were ongoing by police operatives assisted by local vigilance group to apprehend the suspected herdsmen. Reverend Oyi, his wife and children as well as a friend were, on Saturday morning, abducted while working in his farm at Issele-Mkpitime. The suspected herdsmen later released his wife and children while they whisked the priest and his friend into the woods and demanded a ransom of N15 million after establishing contact with the priest’s family on Saturday evening. It could not be confirmed as of press time if the priest’s friend was also released.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story