Lagos Police Command has confirmed that Abdul Rasheed Bello, the husband to Nollywood star, Funke Akindele is now in police custody. Both, have been taken to court for trial, according to the command PRO, Bala Elkana. Akindele’s husband reportedly submitted to the police at about 2:00 am this morning, following the threat to declare him wanted for violating the coronavirus epidemic lockdown in Lagos State. They were charged for breaching the Lagos Infection Diseases Regulations 2020 (the Regulations) which prescribes a jail term of one month or N100,000 fine or both for persons found guilty of hosting gatherings or flouting the lockdown order. ALSO READ: COVID-19: 84,000 beneficiaries from 15 LGAs in Kano to receive N20,000 It rule says “Where there is a violation of a closedown or stay at home order, security Agencies shall have the power to arrest without warrant and may detain any person who violates the close-down or stay at home order for at least 48 hours. “Where the arrested person is found guilty, the person is liable to a fine of N100,000.00 or one-month imprisonment or three months Community service.” The police arrested the popular actress on Sunday evening for hosting a party in honour of her husband. Her husband, popularly known as JJC Skillz and a controversial singer Naira Marley was also mentioned as persons of interest. As at the time they left the car for proper hearing at the court, they covered their faces from the point of leaving the car to the courtroom and journalists were barred from covering the case. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article