As part of its strategic initiatives and critical response plan to the outbreak of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nigeria, Flour Mills of Nigeria Plc (FMN) has announced its commitment to contributing N2 billion across the country in the fight against  the spread of the pandemic. The money, the company says,  will come in  N1 billion and another N1 billion in food relief materials and medical equipment. As part of the Nigerian private sector response through the Coalition Against Coronavirus (CACOVID),  the organization, also says it has donated the sum of N1 billion to the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to help Nigeria tackle the pandemic in a concerted private-sector approach. FMN’s contributions are specifically intended to provide immediate support to the most affected parts of the country by providing cash, food products and medical supplies to frontline medical and emergency responders across the country Seeing the economic hardships facing many people as a result of the necessary public health restrictions on movement, the company, in partnership with relevant government authorities, has also commenced donating food across the country in fulfillment of its purpose of “Feeding the Nation, Everyday”. The company also disclosed that in addition to cash donations and food relief products, it would be providing medical aid through the donation of medical equipment and kits. FMN is importing COVID-19 Pharmaceuticals and Equipment including about 35,000 units of COVID-19 testing kits, 75 ventilators and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) for 10,000 medical and emergency workers. This medical equipment will provide the much-needed support to medical emergency workers across the country, who are selflessly working to ensure that Nigeria can slow down the transmission of the virus and save lives. The Group Managing Director, Paul Gbededo stated that  it had become imperative for individuals and corporate organisations to act immediately, since the outbreak of the coronavirus had become a humanitarian crisis with a devastating impact across the world. “To stem the tide of the virus, especially in the most vulnerable communities, the time to act is now. Having developed a deep enduring relationship with Nigerians for the past 60 years, FMN is determined to do whatever it can to help in the face of these challenges,” he stated.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story