The coronavirus disease aka COVID-19 is a novel pandemic that is presently ravaging the whole world in an unfathomable scale and dimension. COVID-19 is a noisome pandemic with alarming mortality. The world is perhaps experiencing unprecedented fatality of a particular disease since World War II. The panacea for the novel contagious coronavirus is to, as much as possible, restrict physical contacts and avoid gatherings. Consequently, parts of the world are under lockdown to battle the terrible pandemic. A few states in Nigeria and the FCT have been placed on lockdown while people of other states are simply advised to stay at home. While you are at home, please don’t distress yourself. This perilous time will pass away sooner rather than later and you and I will live to tell the tale (of COVID-19). While you stay at home, you should disrupt yourself in order to emerge better and make your light shine brighter at the end of the COVID-19 tunnel. How can you disrupt yourself while staying at home? First, conduct a SWOT analysis of yourself. This is about you. Hence, be dispassionate, thorough and objective about the analysis. Second, identify your distinctive strengths and map out how to build them up. Third, develop a growth mindset that will give you a strong can-do attitude. But if you already have a growth mindset, then do a mindset reengineering to boost your creativity and innovativeness. Fourth, locate your comfort zone, destroy it and reconstruct it as your stepping stone to a more successful career. Fifth, define or review what self-fulfillment and self-actualization mean to you with a view to achieving your life purpose. Sixth, up-skill or re-skill for higher performance of your job (whether in self- or paid employment), job switch or career change. If you are unemployed, use this stay-at-home period to reflect and discover your real self. You may be surprised to know that you have entrepreneurship spirit within you. Last but most importantly, cultivate the habit of voracious reading. You may adopt reading at least one book per month. If you don’t like going to bookshops or if you can’t visit a bookshop now because of COVID-19, please go online and get good books for free. The time to start reading or increase your reading habit is now. Please stay safe and take all the preventive measures. Yomi Akinola, Oyo State  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 