Bandits have attacked three local government areas of Katsina State and killed about 100 persons. The attacks took place in Dutsinma, Safana and Danmusa local government areas of the state. An eyewitness told Nigerian Tribune that the hoodlums stormed the villages in the early hours of Saturday morning and started shooting at the villagers. “About 300 of the bandits came on motorcycles holding AK 47. They started attacking us around 8 am in the morning and continued till 1 pm,” he declared. ALSO READ: Kyari’s burial: Why we were asked to self-isolate ― Garba Shehu According to him, “at the end of it, five villages were completely destroyed, while 100 people were killed. “This morning (Sunday) we are still retrieving more dead bodies.” He gave the names of the affected villages as Kuraici Giye, Kuraici Mallam, Unguwar Bera, Dogon ruwa, Kurguzar Kuka, Gurzar Gamji ,Garkan Rake, and Daulai. As at the time of filing this report, people in the affected villages were said to have relocated to the headquarters of their local governments. When contacted, the state image-maker, SP Gambo lsa confirmed the attacks but was quick to add that the command could not confirm the number of those killed. “We are trying to know how many were killed. At the moment we have deployed some of our men to the scene. Soldiers and Air Force men were also deployed to provide support,” he disclosed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story Mother Infects 17 Of Her 18 Biological, Adopted Children With Coronavirus Before Finding Out She Was Positive A woman in New York, United States, unknowingly infected 17 of her 18 children, including some who were adopted, because she showed no symptoms after contracting the coronavirus and Brittany Jencik of Penfield, near Rochester, said she infected her kids while asymptomatic about five weeks ago… Read full story Abba Kyari And Koronu People In COVID-19 Nigeria THE death of President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, last Friday, like the death of any mortal, calls for sober reflection. May God grant the repose of his soul. However, for all of us—politicians, those controlling the levers of political power, lowly-placed people and humanity in entirety—the major lesson therein… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE