President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, on his 68th birthday. While sending him greetings, the president wished him more wisdom and strength as he continues to pilot affairs of the party. According to a statement issued by by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Friday, the president joined family, friends, APC members and supporters across the country and abroad in saluting the party chairman for his “courage, diligence and resilience in consistently rallying everyone around the onerous task of taking Nigeria to next level.” Buhari said that “Oshiomhole’s skill in mobilising people and resources has truly galvanised the party, with leaders at various levels regularly setting and realising targets that will leave lasting legacies, especially in providing security, ensuring an inclusive economy that works for all and promoting transparency and accountability.” The President urged more steadfastness and focus in carrying all members and supporters along in realising the larger goal of making life better for all Nigerians, while appreciating his sacrifices for the nation over the years as a labour leader and a governor.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story