A Nigerian pilot, Captain Olaboboye Sam Adetula, is currently making waves in Ethiopia for his selfless contribution to the fight against COVID-19 in Africa. Adetula, a commercial pilot with 23 years’ experience, has been featured by the Ethiopia Broadcasting Service as one of the people helping to fight the spread and effect coronavirus on the African continent. Ethiopian Airline as the largest and the most successful airline in Africa championed its cargo operation to distribute medical equipment to almost all the African countries and the Middle East. Adetula was the captain on the first of such operation. And for his efforts, he had received accolades across Africa and has raised the flag of the country. This feat has been lauded by his family, the prominent Adetula family in Owo and one of his brothers, Chief Bukola Adetula, a gubernatorial contestant for Ondo State seat of power has described this as a source of glory to the state and the country. Speaking on the operation, Adetula explained that there is always “fear in an operation like this but the need to contribute my quota to help those that are down and badly affected overcomes the fear. We must bear in mind that flying as a profession has its own fear but we conquer this fear on a daily basis as we go to work,” he said. “I only advice people on such missions to take necessary precautions on each of the mission and depend on God to protect them. My message to Nigerians is to come out of their boxes that the society has put them, drop the fear of failure and strive to make a difference in their field, society, locality and the nation at large. “Nigerian youths must know that the greatness of an individual is not defined by affluence only but also by positive impact that you are able to make in your environment,” he said. Adetula has flown to almost all African airports, some parts of Europe, almost all airports in the Middle East and some part of South America with over 10,000 hours of flight time. He is formerly the Head of Training and Standard with Medview Airlines. His work experience spans various organisations like GTB Aviation, Dana Air Ltd, Medview Airlines, Rwanda Air. He is currently a captain with Ethiopia Airline. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story No Going Back On Inviting Chinese Doctors, But They Won’t Have Contacts With Patients, Says FG Despite opposing the idea by many Nigerians, including the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and the Nigerian Association of Resident… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Ready To Accept Chinese Molecular Biologists, Logisticians, Not Doctors — Prof. Abayomi Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus pandemic, disclosing that… Read full story COVID-19: Chinese Doctors Must Be Quarantined For 14 Days, Follow Immigration Laws ? Gbajabiamila The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday said that Chinese doctors coming to Nigeria to assist in… Read full story FG, States, Councils To Share $150m From Stabilisation Fund • As states get debt, interest moratorium FG, CBN loans With monthly federation account receipts projected to fall below N400 billion because of coronavirus pandemic and fallen price of crude oil… Read full story Inside 56-Year-Old Ogbomoso Waterworks Begging For Government Attention On October 10, 1964, almost 56 years ago, the then Premier of the old Western Region, Chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola, inaugurated the Ogbomoso Waterworks Project on Yaku land in Ogbomoso North Local Government Area of Oyo State. The project, as one of the legacies of the old Western Region, greatly served… Read full article African Development Bank Gets Acting Director Of Communication And External Relations The African Development Bank Group has announced the appointment of Mrs. Nafissatou N’diaye Diouf as the acting Director for Communications and External Relations effective 1 April 2020… Read full story