In a bid to support student entrepreneurs and empower students, Vasiti in partnership with the management of Babcock University held the first edition of Vasiti Career Fest for Year 2020. The theme for Vasiti Career Fest’20 is Education, Entrepreneurship and Employment. Vasiti Career Fest is a first of its kind highly-interactive career empowerment programme for students. The event took at Babcock University Stadium, Ogun as part of the 2020 Job Fair organised by Babcock University. Ugonna Ginigeme, CEO, Vasiti.com, during his opening speech, charged students to be very attentive and learn as much as they could from the real-life experiences of the professionals present to speak to them as this would prevent them from a lot of mistakes when they begin their various careers as entrepreneurs or employees. He added, “Vasiti Career Fest was borne out of the need to help students attain clarity of focus on their career, and also guide student entrepreneurs to ensure they build sustainable and profitable businesses.” The keynote speaker, Dr Olawale Anifowose, MD, Global Entrepreneurship Network (GEN), Nigeria, who was represented by Gbugbemi Atimomo, Managing Consultant Business in Tandem Limited, while speaking on the topic; Self-Education and Self-Leadership; Fundamental Elements of Career Success, encouraged students to not restrict themselves to what they are studying but instead maximize the privileges attached to being a university student such as access and connections. The event was graced by notable industry experts, such as Dr Abiodun Adereni, Founder and CEO, HelpMum; Michael Nwoseh, Head, Strategy and Growth, Data Science Nigeria; and Ezinne Ikejiani, Co-founder, Zichiteff, who all served as panelists for the panel session. The panel session was moderated by Tochi Ginigeme, High-end Sales Manager, Anheuser-Busch InBev and the topic was Classroom to Real World; Avoiding Likely Pitfalls and Building a Successful Career. Student entrepreneurs were given the opportunity to pitch their businesses or ideas to a panel of judges with a chance to win a grant of N500,000 bitcoin and support services courtesy of Bank of Industry, YellowCard Financial, Smepeaks and Vasiti.com. Onokpasah Ejiro Ogene, a 400level student of Political Science and Administration emerged as the winner of the Studentpreneur Pitch Competition. Ejiro, owns Ònòh Naturals, a natural skincare business and currently has three products available which are; the plain bentonite clay, bentonite clay and turmeric mix and the zobo scrub. The first and second runner ups for the pitch session were Eze Chibuike Daniel and Kupoluyi Olamoju who are both fashion designers. Vasiti Career Fest’20- Babcock University edition was supported by Bank of Industry, Smepeaks, YellowCard, TheNetNg, Studysey, GEN Nigeria, Oasis Media and Nigerian Tribune. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Not On IMF’s Debt Service Relief List The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday announced debt service relief to 25 countries most of them in Africa to cushion the effects of COVID-19. Nigeria is not on the list. A statement issued by Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which contained… Read full story I Made Bombs, Detonated Them As Student —Olunloyo One feels sad that the nation should be in this situation. There are three stages in the life of a man. When he is born, he is there but he doesn’t know anything that is going on. When he is dead, he is there probably he doesn’t know what is going on. And then, in the middle period, it may be in the marriage, in the school… Read full story Centuries After Jalumi War, Osun’s River Otin Still Seeking Government Attention Whether a visitor is entering Inisa in Osun State from Kwara State or Osogbo, accessing River Otin, from which the local government council name is conspicuous, and commercial motorcycle operators are stationed at the entrance of the town on the highway, always ready to guide visitors’ movement… Read full story Claims Of Laying 5G Fibre Optic Cables In Lagos, Others Misleading —DEMS Volunteers Digital Economy Media Support Volunteers’ (DEMS Volunteers’), a non-governmental advocacy group of media and telecoms practitioners creating awareness on digital economy, has described it as strange, the recent social media onslaught on the telecommunications infrastructure deployment in parts of Lagos… Read full story The Corona Laws (III) Against all odds, the COVID 19 lockdown now seems to have been extended indefinitely by the President, without first codifying the process of its enforcement, from the many suggestions proffered from various quarters. The truth is that when a policy is impracticable, even though it may be desirable and expedient… Read full story Impact Of COVID-19 On Nigerian Oil, Gas Sector BY December 31, 2019, Brent crude averaged $60 per barrel; members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries with allies (OPEC+) were on 2.1 million barrels per day (mbpd) cut to help steady prices. The arrangement was in place until March 2020 when the first OPEC meeting heads… Read full story Maize Shortage Looms Over Coronavirus Lockdown Nigeria will experience maize shortage if the lockdown occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic continues. The Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) said it became necessary to alert the Federal Government as maize farmers are unable to access their farms due to the lockdown as well as unavailability of inputs… Read full story EDITORIAL: Akure Explosion: Matters Arising TWO weeks after the explosion that rocked Akure, the Ondo State capital, on Saturday March 28, Nigerians are still largely in the dark regarding the circumstances surrounding the incident. During the explosion which birthed series of conspiracy theories, including a possible attack by the terror group, Boko Haram… Read full story