THE Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN) in Lagos State has identified the need for more public enlightenment on coronavirus at the grassroots level. The Amir of the MSSN, Lagos, Dr Saheed Ashafa, who stated this in a statement, explained that many Nigerians at the grassroots were yet to understand the importance of the lockdown imposed on the state by the government. For instance, Ashafa said many rural dwellers still have a wrong notion that the COVID-19 could only be contracted by the rich. He described a situation where youths use the opportunity of the lockdown to engage in street football as saddening. He also lamented that many local governments in the state are not active in the fight against COVID-19 as they are not maximising the advantage of their closeness to the grassroots. Ashafa said many local residents believe that the lockdown is an opportunity to socialise and meet old friends rather than stay at home. The Amir said: “It is unfortunate that most local government authorities, if not all, are too passive at this critical moment. The dormant mode at which they now operate is very dangerous for us as a people. “It is expected at this time that there should be continuous public enlightenment at the grassroots about the hazard involved in ignoring social distancing and other precautionary measures against the pandemic. “The Lagos State government should issue appropriate directive to local government authorities mandating them to embark on grassroots public enlightenment across the length and breadth of their locality.” He called on the state governor and the COVID-19 Incident Commander in the state, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to urgently address the challenge to curb community transmission of the disease. “This measure is believed to be urgently compelling to lessen the pressure being faced by the frontline health workers,” Ashafa added.  EDITORIAL: NNPC Boss On Refineries LAST week, the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, declared that the corporation would soon relieve itself of the responsibility of managing the country’s refineries after the ongoing rehabilitation. According to the NNPC boss, the four refineries… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (4) IN the last few weeks, I have discussed how the British colonial Masters gradually increased their control and influence over what was later called Southern Protectorate and Northern protectorate by assaulting and destroying our traditional heritage. One of the strategies was the dethronement and banishing of… Read full story Coronavirus Fallout Affects Family Planning, Women’s Health Rights The global epidemic of COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on a wide array of health, economic, social and personal decisions. With many cities on lockdown and businesses and schools shutting their doors, the COVID-19 virus is dramatically changing everyday life for people across the country, including those seeking… Read full story Of Improved Medical Care, Palliatives OBVIOUSLY, Covid-19 pandemic will change the way the world does things. One can only hope Nigeria is not left behind in the mantra of catering for citizens beyond what successive governments had rendered in terms of prompt response to emergency situations and distribution of relief materials when it matters most… Read full story Coronavirus: What Heart Patients Need To Know? People with heart disease and other underlying health conditions are at high risk of becoming seriously ill if they develop COVID-19. Now, experts warn that COVID-19 could even worsen an underlying heart conditions… Read full story COVID-19: Use Only Herbs Approved By NAFDAC, Virologists Warn A virologist, Professor Sunday Omilabu, has said that although lots of local herbs are promising for treating COVID-19, Nigerians should still be cautious to take only local herbs and herbal products licensed by National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control… Read full story Are Finger Condoms Beneficial? Finger condoms or cots are medical devices used to cover one or more fingers in situations where a full glove seems unnecessary. Like medical and rubber gloves, finger cots may be made from a variety of water-tight materials, including latex, nitrile rubber, and vinyl… Read full story Are The Detained Caverton Pilots Victims Of Power Tussle? LIKE joke, like joke, the two pilots of Caverton Helicopters have continued to be detained no thanks to the controversial order issued to effect their arrest and detention by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE