Gunmen on Sunday evening killed the Vigilante Group Chairman of Egume community, Mr. Isah Attah in Dekina local government area of Kogi state. Sources close to the family informed Tribune Online that Attah’s assailants who had been trailing him during the day confronted him at the front of his house at Efakwu area of Egume at about 8.00 pm. It was gathered that late Attah had earlier in the day gone to some home branch executive officers of Egume Ome Descendants Union to inquire about an incident.Attah was, thereafter, invited by security àgents at Anyigba in Dekina local government area. The incident, according to reliable sources was sequel to some alligations on the late chairman’s mediating role between the community and herdsmen who have been wreaking havoc on people’s farms in the area. The gunmen were said to have opened fire on him at a close range while he was relaxing in front of his house, killing him in the process. The assailants were said to have fled the scene before Attah’s friends and family could run outside the house. It would be recalled that the former chairman of the vigilante group in Egume, Mallam Attah Wada, (aka) Ukpono was equally assassinated while praying in front of his house at Egume on the 27th May 2014 at about 6.30 pm. Also recall that the Amana-Attah of Ojikpadala-Egume and pioneer General Manager of Radio Kogi Chief Isah Edime, was also kidnapped from his house and assassinated the same day Mallam Attah Wada was murdered. Speaking on Attah’s murder, the National President of Egume Ome Descendants Union (EODU), Alhaji Mohammed Ibrahim, expressed shock over the murder of the Vigilante Chairman. The President appreciated the role played by late Attah Isah, an officer with the Kogi State Vigilante Service (KSVS) in curbing crimes and other social vices in Egume community and its environs adding that “his efforts in this regards cannot be overemphasized.” Alhaji Ibrahim noted bitterly that it was a calculated attempt by criminals to reawaken the insecurity saga that had scared Egume sons and daughters in diaspora from visiting their home to contribute their quota towards the development of their fatherland. ALSO READ: COVID-19 cases rise to 23,000 in Africa ― WHO He, therefore, called on the Governor Yahaya Bello, the commissioner of Police and other security agents to do the needful to bring all the perpetrators connected to the murder of the Vigilante group chairman and other incessant killings in the area to justice. While confirming the incidence to newsmen on Tuesday, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Kogi Command, DSP Williams Aya, said one Enemaku Isah of Egume, a junior brother to the slain vigilance group chairman reported the incident. According to Aya, Enemaku said that the assailants came on a motorcycle, shot the victim twice and fled, adding that the deceased was rushed to the General Hospital, Eguma where he was confirmed dead. Aya said the corpse had been deposited for autopsy adding that the police were making efforts to arrest the perpetrators.