An old man, Alhaji Junaid, popularly known as Mr Owenco was over the weekend was allegedly killed as suspected hoodlums went on rampage in the Ijesha area of Surulere. Residents of the area claimed that the incident was an invasion of the dreaded 1million boys gang but the police in the state claimed otherwise. The Nigerian Tribune gathered that the Ijesha area of Surulere was on Friday evening thrown into panic as armed hoodlums invaded the community. The hoodlums clashed with youths in the area and took advantage of the situation to loot and rob residents of the area A social media user Samuel Salami, while speaking on the incident on his Facebook wall said “While the nation is bereaved of the President’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, my bosom friend Adewale Junaid lost his dad in the hands of the notorious 1million Boys at Ijesha area of Surulere. “The nefarious gang was on rampage on the street at about 7pm yesterday, macheted everyone on their way.” He also added that “My friend’s dad stumbled and fell to the ground due to old age and before he could stand up, he was caught and macheted all over his body.” Salami also said, “He was rushed to Funto Hospital along Ijesha Road but unfortunately gave up the ghost this morning due to the multiple machete cuts all over his body and head.” The image maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana said “there is no report of any death. It was a clash between two factions of area boys from Ijesha and Itire. “They have been having clashes before now and they took advantage of the lockdown to clash.” The police image maker added that  “we quickly mobilised our men to the scene and we arrested nine of the hoodlums.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story