In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are sick, but also to visit them. A case in point is the way many reacted to the recent announcement by the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, that he had tested positive for Coronavirus pandemic. Last week, Kyari issued a press statement wherein he announced, out of his own free will, that he had tested positive for Coronavirus. He said he chose private treatment in order not to become an additional burden on the country’s overstretched health system. Kyari said: “This is a precautionary measure: I feel well, but last week, I tested positive for coronavirus, the pandemic that is sweeping the world. I have followed all the protocols government has announced to self-isolate and quarantine.” He further said, like many others that would test also positive, “I have not experienced high fever or other symptoms associated with this new virus and have been working from home. I hope to be back at my desk very soon.” Suddenly, there was a buzz. It started trending on social media that Kyari was dead. Some called it Black Thursday. As if that rumour was not bad enough, some started to celebrate his death on social media. I could not but wonder when did Nigerians become this callous? Like many others, I certainly disagree with this government on many issues. However, I would not wish any of the officials dead. As Christianity enjoins us, the best I can do is to pray for them. If I not minded to pray for them, I would leave them to God. Some of those who celebrated the unfounded dead of Kyari may as well die before him. Even a die-hard critic of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, Chief Femi Fani Kayode, a man who has suffered untold hardship in the hands of Buhari’s men, was infuriated when he found that some people were wishing Kyari dead. He called them “vicious and heartless.” In a tweet on Thursday, Fani-Kayode described those wishing Kyari dead because they disagreed with him as vicious. The former minister, just like other sensible people, said he remained opposed to the administration of President Buhari. “It is not true that Abba Kyari, the Chief of Staff to @MBuhari, is dead. Those that are behind that rumour are vicious and heartless. I remain opposed to the @MBuhari admin. But to wish or proclaim someone dead simply because you disagree with him politically is unacceptable,” he tweeted. It is also myopic to assume that the problems with the Buhari administration would disappear if Kyari died. When former President Musa Yar’ Adua died in 2010, did Nigeria’s problems die with him? As Nigerians we should continue to agitate for better governance. It is our right. Those who say otherwise don’t understand what democracy is all about. We don’t want Anti-Social Media bill Bassed but we want to wake up in our rooms and be posting fake news, some of which that could lead to crisis. Somehow, we have got to device means to punish those who concoct fake news. It does not have to be through the Social Media Bill. It is Abba Kyari today; no one knows who will be the next victim of fake news story. The good news is that God is not man. Family sources said Kyari is doing fine. According to them, he is responding well to treatment. A source in the presidency also said “Since the diagnosis, he has had the occasional cough which, though not chesty, remained stubborn, hence his decision to transfer to a private facility in Lagos for further tests and observations. Up till now, he has had no high fever or difficulty in breathing and the cough is subsiding after treatment. So he is making good progress. The doctors want him to sleep and rest more for now. So they took his phones away but he is stable and improving.” Those who claimed Kyari was dead have no shame and were not bold enough to accept that they were wrong and apologise. The best we could do to protest their misleading us is to unfollow them.  If we unfollow them and they find themselves alone, who knows, they may choose to repent. For now, if we can’t pray for Kyari to recover, we can at least leave him alone. We can at least spare his family the hatred. Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story We Did Not Put Ex-Presidential Aide Obono-Obla In Illegal Detention–ICPC The Independent Corrupt Practises and other related offences Commission (ICPC) has denied allegation that it put the Chairman of the defunct Special Presidential Investigation Panel, Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, in “malicious and illegal detention.” The agency said it was responding to the claim in a press statement issued on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Kaduna Govt Begins Distribution Of N500m Food Items Kaduna State government on Saturday began distribution of the N500 million worth of food items in the eight pilot local government areas of the state. The commissioner for Human Services and Social Development, Hajiya Hafsat Baba disclosed this, while flagging off the distribution at Kaduna North local government which is… Read story UPDATE: Chronic Kidney Disease Killed Enugu Health Commissioner ― Family The Enugu State Commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu, died of chronic kidney disease, the family of the late top government official has revealed. A statement signed by Dr. Kingsley Ugochukwu on-behalf of the deceased family which was made available to Tribune Online in Enugu on Saturday stating that the late… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Begins Markets Fumigation This Week Interim Chairman, Oyo State COVID-19 task force, Professor Temitope Alonge has said the state will this week decontaminate (fumigate) markets spread across the state. As contained in a statement by Chief Press Secretary to Oyo State governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the decontamination would be carried out using experts… Read full stor COVID-19: Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed, Tests Negative Unconfirmed reports have it that Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has tested negative after completing the first round of treatment for COVID-19. Though the story is trending in the social media, as at the time of filing this report, no official statement from the government unlike in the past when such… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE