Terna Chikpa | Jalingo  The Taraba State Police command on Friday arrested 65 young persons (all males) who left Ogun State for Adamawa State transiting several states despite the lockdown in Ogun and some states of the federation. The state Command Public Relations Officer, ASP  David Misal told our correspondent that the interception followed a tip off from members of the public. “We got the information that some young persons in their numbers enetered Jalingo despite the ban on interstate travel by the state government. “We quickly rushed there and found 65 persons. The truck driver who brought them was said to have turned back. “We have already informed the state government considering what is happening in the country now that the travellers have been handed over to the state’s ministry of health.” Leader of the travellers, Mr. Yelemi Jocab who spoke to our correspondent said they were all from Demsa in Adamawa state, working with Goodwill Ceramic and Tiles  Company in Igbesa, Ogun State. “We are staff of Goodwill Ceramic and Tiles company in Igbesa Ogun State, and we are travelling to our state, Adamawa. “The company shutdown three weeks ago, and nobody told us until last week when we were asked to resign and come back if we want, when the company reopens. “All the over 3000 of us working with the company have been laid off. We then became stranded and decided to find a way back home. “We boarded a trailer and the driver stopped here and turned back. “While we were looking for another vehicle to take us to Adamawa, we saw policemen here who stopped us from taking further steps,” he said. Our correspondent learnt that at the time of filing this report, the travellers were still being held at Jolly Nyame stadium along Jalingo-Yola road.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE