Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SSGF) and Chairman, Presidential Task Force on  COVID-19, Mr Boss Mustapha, on Tuesday, expressed optimism that the current challenge of the ravaging Coronavirus pandemic in Nigeria will soon be over, due to sustained efforts to curtail its spread in the country. The Task Force boss, however, lauded the great effort of the Lagos State government towards curtailing the pandemic, even as he urged residents of the state to continue to give government necessary support in the fight against COVID-19 in order to kick it out of the country. Mustapha gave this ray of hope while speaking with newsmen in Lagos during an inspection tour of isolation facilities at Mobolaji Johnson Arena, Onikan, Lagos Island, Mainland Infectious Disease Hospital, IDH, Yaba, Lagos University Teaching Hospital, LUTH, Idi-Araba and Gbagada General Hospital, Isolation Centre, Gbagada. He was accompanied during the exercise by the state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the Minister for Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Muhammed, among others. “Thank you for the great job that you’re doing in supporting the work that is being undertaken by His Excellency, the Governor of Lagos State and his team. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Elumelu to distribute over N45m palliative items in Delta “We’ve just taken a tour of this facility that is a very important place in anticipation that we’ll have to receive patients here. “So far, I think Lagos State is doing a great job. From what I’ve seen here, they’re putting up a first-class and a world-class facility that will help us in the management of those that are affected with COVID-19. “I think we are on course and the basic strategy of the national response is containment, try as much as possible to reduce spreads to tracking of those that have already been infected so that we minimize the case of community transmission. “We are doing very well. So far, processes that have been put in place, the plans, the objectives are being achieved. “I listened to the briefing of the commissioner for Lagos State yesterday, where there was quite a clear indication that the reason for the lockdown and the processes that have been put in place is achieving its desired objective,” the Mustapha said. The Task Force boss charged the media to continue to broadcast to the people on the need to maintain social distances, saying there was also need to maintain personal hygiene as well as need to report anybody within the community who had shown symptoms of the infection. “We need to maintain personal hygiene and we need to report anybody within the community who has shown symptoms of the infection so that as quickly as possible, the help that is desired can be extended to those persons. So thank you very much,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE