The population of Nigeria might be over 200 million people, but the cinema industry still has a long way to maturity. With that sort of population, you would expect the local box office grosses to be thriving and rival that of many smaller European markets, but in fact, it’s just a blip on the radar. According to the Box Office Mojo website, the total box office gross for 2019 was just $3.1 million, while the banner year was recorded all the way back in 2014 when it reached close to $4.9 million. The top two highest grossing movies were recorded both in 2019, with Avengers: Endgame taking the top spot with nearly $1.3 million and second place going to Jumanji: The Next Level. The latter managed to attract enough people at cinema theatres and collected over $530,000 at the box office. With that in mind, and when we stumbled across a report compiled by the comparison website BingoFind who used data from both Box Office Mojo and Metacritic, we discovered that Bad Actors and Actress come in all shapes and sizes. It doesn’t matter how well the movie did at the box office, the sentiment from moviegoers is what ultimately matters. The list of the top 20 actors that you are most likely to see in a bad movie includes the likes of Rob Schneider at the top of the list, followed by some big names, such as Adam Sandler, Courtney Cox, Steven Segal, David Spade and Ashton Kutcher. In the case of Adam Sandler, he appeared in close to 50 movies and has lend his voice to the Hotel Transylvania animated trilogy and appeared in Grown Ups 1 and 2 and Anger Management with Jack Nicholson. While all of these movies did very well at  the box office, he still finds himself in 6th place on the list. Steven Segal makes an appearance on the list at number 10. Duriing the 90’s he appeared in more than a dozen action movies that performed poorly at the box office, albeit having a lower budget, but his movies found a new lease of life during the home market. Nobody can argue his cult status no matter how bad his movies have fared at the box office. Hillary Duff makes the highest entry to the list from an actress at number 2, with less than 20 acting credits to her name and her highest grossing movies being Cheaper by the Dozen and its sequel. Other than that, she is known for her Lizzie McGuire TV show that was on the Disney Channel, and a movie of the same name that did OK at the box office. This is another example that not all TV shows can work as well on the big screen as they did on the small. Funnily enough, Courtney Cox also makes it into the top 10, at number 8, even though she appeared in all of the Scream movies that had a huge following during the late 90’s and early 00’s. Other than those 4 movies, her biggest hits included The Longest Yard and Bedtime Stories. This great visual asset also includes the actors and actresses that you are most likely to see in a great movie, but we will let you see that chart for yourself. Just remember, there’s literally no correlation between how the movie performs at the box office and whether you are happy to see that actor or actress in a movie. It all boils down to people’s individual taste and the kind of movies they like to see.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story