To lessen the impact of the ongoing coronavirus situation, MultiChoice has announced that it will be rewarding DStv and GOtv subscribers who fully paid up on their subscriptions with an upgrade to the next higher package at no extra cost. This offer will commence tomorrow. Martin Mabutho, Chief Customer Officer MultiChoice Nigeria, said the offer is a way of thanking customers for their loyalty. “It is our priority to put customers at the heart of everything we do, and in line with our mission to make great entertainment available, even during the most trying of times, we are giving our very loyal and valued customer base a chance to experience a wider range of the quality content we carry on our other packages. This is our token of appreciation for their continued support,” he said. For DStv customers, active and disconnected customers on DStv Compact Plus, Compact, Confam, Family, Yanga and Access who pay for their current package or reconnect will be upgraded to a higher package. This affords them the opportunity of experiencing a wider viewing experience. DStv Access customers will have access to international shows on Real Time Nollywood on Africa Magic Epic and ROK 2. Subscribers on the Family bouquet will have access to movies and TV on TNT Africa and BET. Customers on the Compact package will have access to international and local entertainment on 1 Magic, Africa Magic Showcase and M-Net Movie. DStv Compact Plus customers will have access to M-Net, M-Net Movies Premier and Comedy Central. For GOtv customers, the offer will be available to GOtv Jolli, GOtv Plus, GOtv Jinja, Value and Lite packages. This provides GOtv Lite and Value customers access to E! Entertainment, Fox Life and PBS for kids content. GOtv Plus customers will have more programmes on the GOtv Jolli package such as CBS Reality and TNT Africa while GOtv Jolli customers will enjoy 75 channel options available on GOtv Max like BET, Star Life, Discovery ID and Cartoon Network.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story