The International Labour Organization (ILO), said young people will be hit very hard by the economic fallout of the COVID-19 crisis; and gave reasons why the pandemic will particularly have severe impact on the youth. “The COVID-19 emergency is affecting almost everyone in the world, regardless of age, income or country. However, young people are likely to be particularly hard hit by the economic fallout of the crisis.” ILO said It pointed out that crises fall hardest on the most vulnerable, and the young people make up one such group, particularly when it comes to the social and economic impact of the virus pandemic. The ILO also hinted that making the transition into decent employment is a tough challenge for young people, even in the best economic times. According to the organisation, young workers are affected more than their older, more experienced colleagues by recessions, adding that younger workers are often the first to have their hours cut or be laid off. Also, the ILO explained that three in four young people work in the informal economy; particularly in low- and middle-income countries, with little or no savings, while they can’t afford to take time off to self-isolate. Again, it stated that many young workers are in “non-standard forms of employment”, such as part-time, temporary or ‘gig’ work, adding that such jobs are often low paid, with irregular hours, poor job security, and little or no social protection (paid leave, pensions, sick leave, etc). The ILO also explained that young people commonly work in sectors and industries that are particularly vulnerable to the COVID-19 pandemic; while they are more at risk than any other age group from automation.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story EDITORIAL: IMF’s Prediction On The Nigerian Economy WHEN, back in February, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released its annual growth forecast for the Nigerian economy and warned starkly that “under current policies, the outlook is challenging,” few commentators or people in Nigerian policy circles paid the international organisational any heed. In the report… Read full article