The Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), Idi Araba, on Sunday, April 19, announced that a 68-year-old woman was delivered of a set of twins in the hospital and they are her first children. Though the institution did not reveal the name of the new mother, it however displayed the photograph of the woman, her husband and the twins in its twitter handle. According to the health institution in a statement on its twitter handle on Sunday signed by the Chairman of the Medical Advisory Council, Professor W.L Adeyemo entitled: “LUTH successfully delivered a 68-year-old of a twin”, the woman, who gave birth to a boy and a girl through Caesarean Section, conceived the children through In-vitro Fertilisation (IVF). According to the statement by the hospital, “LUTH has successfully delivered a 68-year-old primigravida (pregnant for the first time) with twin (a male and a female) gestation (pregnancy) following an IVF conception. She was delivered through an elective Caesarean section at 37 weeks gestation on Tuesday, 14 April, 2020. “The IVF and embryo transfer were done at an outside facility. She was thereafter referred to LUTH at early gestation and subsequently managed till term. “This is the first in LUTH, Nigeria and Africa! Mothers and babies are well.”      YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story