I have had a rotten mouth smell since childhood which I think was caused by my family’s refusal to use toothbrush and toothpaste for cleaning their mouths. Although I have been brushing my teeth since then twice a day, the smell has gotten worse. Kindly help me. Salamatu (by SMS)  Is this ‘bad breath’ confirmed by your close associates or is it just your imagination? This is important because bad breath (Halitosis) can be assumed or real. When assumed, the cause is usually psychological since the so called bad breath is only known to the sufferer. However, when real, the condition can be due to several factors which range from infected tonsils to dirty and tartar covered teeth, an infected sinus or an inflammatory and purulent condition in the nose and throat. To know the difference as well as the way forward, it will be a good thing to visit a Dentist who, after a thorough examination will adequately manage your condition.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Oyetola Begins FG’s Cash Transfer Scheme In Osun Osun State governor, Gboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, launched the Federal Government’s Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) scheme in the state, in which more than 15,000 beneficiaries across the state get N20, 000 each… Read full story