THE Polytechnic, Ibadan, has come out with the production of world-class sanitizers as part of its efforts to join hands with the Oyo State and Federal Government in the fight against the deadly COVID-19. A statement by the institution’s registrar, Mrs Modupe Theresa Fawale, disclosed that the management noticed the dimension the deadly virus is taking, and the scarcity of standard sanitizers hence mandated its experts to produce world class sanitizers for public use. Mrs Fawale said that being a leading polytechnic situated in a city with a very large population, the onus is on the polytechnic to look for ways and means to make contributions to the state at its hour of need. The statement added further that efforts would be made to register the sanitizers with the National Agency for Food, Drug, Administration and Control (NAFDAC). According to the statement, the product is already available at the polytechnic’s Vocational Skill and Entrepreneurship Study Centre (VSESC), as well as some pharmaceutical centres in Ibadan. Some of the sanitizers have been presented to some senior government functionaries who also made purchase and distributed in their constituencies. Fawale said the production of the hand sanitizers was coordinated by the study centre of the polytechnic.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story