By Rob Weinhold with Kevin Cowherd  Who is naïve enough to think they will never experience a crisis? Like an artist paints a still life picture that gives the viewer a deeper insight to beauty, Weinhold  & Coward highlight crisis situations through accounts of real people and actual events for the reader to extract a deeper wisdom. Starting with his own young cop-on-the-beat experience, Weinhold describes a personal experience and life lesson, “when a crisis occurs, no matter how traumatic the event, everyone needs to understand his or her role and stay in their own lane.” Then he relates the example to leadership and worldwide corporations pertinent to the present. The book proclaims from the start that “leadership is an art, not a science” and then throughout unfolds the skills for artful crisis leadership. Each chapter describes people we relate to in their crisis, how they responded, and the lessons we can learn at the end of chapter “Key Takeaways”. Diagnosing Volkswagen’s “Dieselgate” reveals how crisis occur: their timing, the players, the impact and the potentials for recovery. The personal catastrophe of Maryland’s top crime fighter, Ed Norris, illustrates crisis leadership skills that many of us may have missed. Poor crisis management has its pages, too. The Baltimore shooting of Freddie Gray calamity revealed how poorly managed catastrophes produced widespread, deep pocket losses.  The Virginia Tech shooting exposed how poor preparation, training and lack of seriousness can be fatal. One of the book’s takeaway lessons is to “create the organizational muscle memory that saves lives,” and later gives the example of that strong “muscle” through the skilled emergency landing of flight 1549 into the Hudson River. While we may have little control over the fact that crises hit us, we do have power over how we recover.  When exemplary player, Ray Rice, embarrassed the Baltimore Ravens the game became recovery, recovery, recovery. Weinhold  and Coward’s advice, “As a very visible and influential sports property that initially fumbled on the Rice issue from a crisis leadership standpoint, the league can be an even stronger anti-violence advocate for women with the appropriate leadership will.” The Art of Crisis Leadership elaborates on “reputation elasticity” with the examples of Starbucks, Google and Amazon and quotes wisdom from Warren Buffet.  The chapter describes crisis-prone industries, consumer relationships and reputation capital. As the Dutch artists mastered lighting in their otherwise very dark paintings, Weinhold  and Coward uncover the rays of forgiveness that can be brought forth from the murky shadows of grave mistakes. “Americans are very forgiving, as long as they know the person looking for forgiveness is truly contrite.”  The authors warn in Key Takeways, “ If you don’t mean it, don’t apologize,” they then devote a chapter to elaborating on the art and impact of apology. In the times that we are in with impending major changes building a crisis management muscle is really a wise decision.  Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE