Digital TV operator, StarTimes, has announced plans to broadcast a historical event tagged ‘concert for a healthy planet’ in support of the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund for WHO. The online concert, led by the Grammy Award winner, Ricky Kej at One Page Spotlight will be aired on Wednesday, April 22 on StarTimes free-to-air channel, ST Guide and its streaming mobile app, StarTimes ON. The historical concert will ensemble a 40 stellar musicians from six countries that include; South African flautist; Wouter Kellerman, Senegalese singer; Baaba Maal, American singers; Laura Dickinson and Lonnie Park, Indian instrumentalist, Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, and the Mzansi Youth Choir from Soweto. Speaking on the development, StarTimes Vice-President, Luis Lu noted that it was an honour for StarTimes to support this inspiring event that will make people closer on this special day. ALSO READ: Kyari’s burial: Why we were asked to self-isolate ― Garba Shehu According to her, “The COVID-19 pandemic is a challenge globally and as a media group, it is our responsibility to ensure that African families can safely enjoy Earth Day’s celebrations and express their support for international communities in its efforts to fight the COVID-19 pandemic.” Luis furthered maintained that “Since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak, StarTimes has launched a series of video-based initiatives to raise awareness about the pandemic with promotional materials that will further, create awareness-based on WHO advise.” Speaking on the online concert engagement, The Grammy Award winner and the ‘Global Ambassador for Kindness’, Ricky Kej noted that the current situation happening around the world paved way for the online concert which is the best approach for musicians to express themselves. His words: “I am honoured and humbled to collaborate with such accomplished musicians from around the world, this is truly a global musical experience. All the musicians have performed from their own homes to encourage #StayHomeStaySafe. I am grateful to StarTimes for this collaboration, and I hope this is the start of more collaborations.” Ricky furthered explained that “We have also joined forces with WHO, WWF, UNCCD, UNESCO MGIEP, Earth Day Network and One Page Spotlight for a one of a kind concert for a healthy planet.” “The concert will also be shown live on the official social media channels of WWF, Earth Day Network, UNCCD, UNFCCC and on all leading streaming platforms,” he concluded. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE