The Environmental Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria (ERA/FoEN) has  advised governments at all levels in the country to declare emergency in the water sector giving the significance of water in checking public health emergencies like the ravaging  Covid-19. In a statement issued by ERA/FoEN Head, Media and Campaigns, Philip Jakpor, the group said that though the United Nations World Water Day 2020 theme is ‘Water and Climate Change’, the urgency of checking the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic has pushed the importance of hand-washing to the fore, and places availability of clean and potable water at the center of the campaign to check the virus’ spread. ERA/FoEN noted that it is shocking how the Federal Government and State governments are re-echoing the hand-washing message when in actual fact, they have failed to make that same public good available for citizens. ERA/FoEN Deputy Executive Director, Akinbode Oluwafemi said: “As Nigeria’s Covid-19 confirmed cases continue to grow, this year’s World Water day is a wakeup call to government at all levels paying lip-service to the water sector to walk the talk. “We are being told to wash our hands with water and soap when the taps in our communities are all dry. Most of our communities lack water for consumption and for basic hygiene and this makes checking public health emergencies much more difficult. “It is unfortunate that a city like Lagos which has a population of nearly 21 million people, rather than making substantial investment in the water sector, is eyeing the failed Public Private Partnership (PPP) model promoted by the World Bank. “PPP model will further worsen the water crisis in Lagos as that infamous path can only lead us to situations like the Flint and Pittsburgh water crisis in the US and water shortages that will make local communities vulnerable to the COVID-19 and other illnesses.” Oluwafemi expressed concern that nearly one year into his administration, Governor BabajideSanwo-Olu is yet to accede to the demands of the Our Water Our Right movement and concerned Lagos citizens to unveil a blueprint on how to ensure adequate and democratically controlled water for Lagos citizens. “As the state with the most cases of the COVID-19 we expect the Lagos government to be proactive and lead the way by ensuring adequate public investment in the water sector and innovative recommendations such as a Water Trust and others within the realm of human rights. “Governor Sanwo-olu and indeed other state governments across the country should   act speedily on access to public water to stave off the kind of pandemic we are battling currently,” Oluwafemi insisted.  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE