The Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Mahmood Abubakar, hasactivated environmental health desks in all the 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs) to advance advocacy on COVID-19. Dr Abubakar, a member of the Presidential Task Force on the control of the spread of coronavirus code named #PTF-COVID19, urged Nigerians to continue heeding the advice of experts and government on COVID-19. In a statement signed by Saghir el Mohammed, Director of Press at the ministry, he said: “As more people are being encouraged to go into self-isolation, we must remind everyone to stay home and practice social distancing. We know this is immensely difficult for many of us, but we know this is the right thing to do. We can, and must take these steps together. On the measures adopted by his ministry, Dr Mahmoud Mohammed, disclosed that the Department of Pollution Control and Environmental Health, as well as the Environmental Health Officers Council of Nigeria have since deployed their personnel across the country, disinfecting and decontaminating public places such as markets, motor parks, airports, schools, and other congested areas in conjunction with relevant authorities all in an effort to contain further spread of the epidemic. This, the minister, said is part of the ministry’s deliberate and strategic effort aimed at containing the spread of the deadly virus. “We have also activated environmental health desks in all the 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs) in the country to vigorously pursue grassroots advocacy, offer guidance and counselling, and to disinfect and decontaminate all risk-prone areas,” he added.  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE