Nollywood star, Funke Akindele is to be charged before the Ogba Magistrate Court 1 this morning for allegedly breaching the government-imposed lockdown over the spiking coronavirus epidemic. The trial is expected to commence at about 11:00 am. Lagos State Ministry of Justice is expected to handle the trial, through the office of Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP). ALSO READ: ASUP suspends planned strike to support fight against COVID-19 Funke, the popular actress ran into troubled waters for celebrating her husband’s birthday at the weekend, with guests who were not family members. One of the guests, now wanted by police, is a controversial singer, Naira Marley.  Also in attendance, was Rasheed Gbadamosi, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party in Lagos State. In a video he posted to explain his presence at the shindig, Gbadamosi who is a perennial governorship candidate in the state, said he was at the event, to celebrate with the family and not expecting a crowd brought by an unnamed star, who is believed to be Marley. Details soon… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview