The leadership of both Senate and House of Representatives will today meet with the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq as part of efforts geared toward ensuring equity and even distribution of relief materials to Nigerians. Tribune Online gathered that the meeting which was scheduled for 11 am at Conference Room 022 Senate Wing New Building, will also be attended by some members of Body of Principal of both Chambers. Recall that some section of Nigerian citizens has expressed grave concern over the non-disclosure of beneficiaries of the N20,000 Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) and discriminatory distribution of relief materials to a cross-section of the citizens. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kwara govt begins fumigation of major markets Sources close to the Principal Officers also informed Tribune Online that issues bothering on the modalities put in place for the distribution of the seized 150 trucks of rice to be shared to each state of the federation. Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed had on Monday confirmed that the 150 trucks of rice seized by Nigeria Customs Service have been handed over to the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development for onward distribution to the 36 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Meanwhile, management of the National Assembly has commenced necessary arrangements toward ensuring the hitch-free resumption of legislative activities scheduled for next week Tuesday. Our correspondent gathered that the Sergeant-at-Arms personnel were summoned to attend a meeting with the view to review the security architecture. Details later…  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story