One hundred constituents from Ibarapa Central/Ibarapa North Federal Constituency, have benefited from Agro-Commodity Guides training organised by the member representing the constituency in the House of Representatives, Dr. Ajibola Muraina. The beneficiaries, who were given extensive training on guides on exporting several agricultural commodities, described the first-of-its kind training in the constituency as unique, commending the lawmaker for teaching them how to fish. At the two-day training, the 100 participants were given conference materials and certificates as well as transportations fares, with Dr. Muraina enjoining the beneficiaries to make good use of the knowledge they have acquired from the training. He said: “Agriculture remains our only hope for the diversification of our mono-economy and the only way to create employment opportunities for our teeming population. “Ibarapaland being an agrarian community has the great potential of industrialisation and economic emancipation through massive employment via agriculture. With the hope of the completion of our electricity transmission stations, Ibarapa has the great potential of becoming an investment destination of choice soon if heavy investments are deployed into agriculture and our foreign earning capacity is improved through exports of agricultural products.” Muraina added that the training was organised in order to prepare the constituents for opportunities in the agriculture sector, noting that with the heavy investments of the administration of Governor Seyi Makinde on agriculture, the beneficiaries stand to benefit maximally. “So, you should properly position yourselves for the wonderful gains ahead,” he said.  5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE