The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, on Tuesday, announced the sixth COVID-19 death in Lagos, as the total confirmed cases in the state hit 192. Abayomi, through his verified Twitter account, said that the deceased was a 56-year-old Nigerian man, who recently returned from the U.S. He said that the deceased died of COVID-19 related complications, bringing the total number of COVID-19 related deaths in Lagos to six. The commissioner urged residents to remain alert across the communities and obey instructions aimed at containing the spread of COVID-19 infection. He advised residents to call the state Ministry of Health’s emergency number 08000CORONA for any COVID-19 related issues. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Lagos has 192 confirmed cases; 120 of the cases are active, while 61 had recovered and been discharged. Two of the patients had been evacuated from the country, while three were transferred to Ogun, their state of residence. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Not On IMF’s Debt Service Relief List The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday announced debt service relief to 25 countries most of them in Africa to cushion the effects of COVID-19. Nigeria is not on the list. A statement issued by Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which contained… Read full story