The Kogi State government has directed that workers should still stay at home till further notice saying there is no “desperate need for total lockdown yet” over the dreaded coronavirus. Speaking with journalists in Lokoja, on Sunday, the State Commissioner for Information and Communication, Kingsley Fanwo said: “Workers on GL 1 to 13 have been directed to continue to work from home until further notice. “The state government is monitoring the situation and will continue to take responsible decisions to ensure the virus doesn’t ravage the state. “As you are aware, Kogi is the centre of the nation and any attempt to lockdown Kogi totally will be tantamount to locking down Nigeria and her economy. We are the gateway to the Federal Capital Territory, South East, South West, South-South and many others. “We are urging the people to ensure personal hygiene as well as observe social distancing to reduce contact to the barest minimum. “Schools have been shut down and workers in certain categories have been working from their homes. Some markets have been closed down and we have placed a necessary but temporary ban on religious and social gatherings. Commercial motorcyclists have been told to stay off the roads. “All these measures are in place to ensure Kogi is not devastated by the pandemic,” he said. Fanwo urged the people of the state not to panic, as the government is working hard to ensure they are protected. He said: “The Squadron Committee on COVID-19 led by the Deputy Governor of the state, His Excellency Chief Edward Onoja is working round the clock to ensure the State is prepared for any eventuality. And contrary to some fake news in some quarters, our Containment/Isolation Center is fully ready to manage any eventuality. We have also trained our medical personnel to handle COVID-19 cases. He commended religious leaders for strictly adhering to the directive of government on congregating, saying their cooperation has helped the state maintain a “no COVID-19 status”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story