Three serving corps members of the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) scheme in Oyo State have invented a semi-automated hand washing equipment, with soap dispensing mechanism and underground drainage system domiciled. The corps members, Afolabi Victor, Ogunmoye Victor and Adeyanju Adeyemi who are graduates of Economics Education, Mechanical Engineering and Microbiology respectively, unveiled the equipment at the NYSC State Secretariat Agodi, Ibadan. NYSC Oyo State Coordinator, Mrs Grace Ogbuoegebe, who commissioned the project commended the corps members for their “innovation, commitment, patriotism and support” for the scheme in the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: RCCG, Ogun Province 17, donates foodstuff, cash to members, non-members She noted that the innovation was necessitated as the NYSC Director-General, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim had earlier challenged corps members across the country to come up with brilliant measures that will help curb the spread of COVID-19 in the country. Ogbuoegebe further explained that the project was meant to be a complete automated hand washing machine, but due to the lockdown, the corps members were unable to get materials to complete the machine. She, however, commended their efforts tasking other corps members in the state to emulate, imbibe and follow their selfless initiative. Addressing newsmen the corps members stated the project was conducted in a bid to contribute their own quota towards the fight against the pandemic ravaging the country. He noted that the device is operated with the leg and not the hand to avoid a spread of the virus which as at press time has killed 22 with 665 cases recorded in the country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  BREAKING: Davido’s Fiancee, Chioma, Recovers From Coronovirus Popular Afropop star, David Adeleke, also known as Davido announced that his fiancée, Chioma, has tested negative for coronavirus. Tribune Online recalls that he earlier announced that his fiancée tested positive on… Read full story BREAKING: Nigeria Records 86 New COVID-19 Cases, 70 From Lagos • Total hits 627 Eighty-six new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 70 in Lagos, 7 in FCT, 3 in Katsina, 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Jigawa, 1 in Bauchi, 1 in Borno. As at 11:50 pm 19th April, there are 627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria. 170 have been discharged with 21 deaths… Read full story