Religious leaders made up of Ulamas and Pastors in Bauchi state have been urged not to relent in offering prayers to God for divine intervention to stop the COVID-19 pandemic. They and other citizens are also to pray against crimes and social vices such as kidnapping, armed robbery and theft in the society, among others. The Appeal was made by the Emir of Bauchi, Alhaji (Dr) Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu, who also called on traditional rulers across the state to educate their subjects on precautionary measures advocated by medical experts towards curtailing the spread of the COVID-19 infection. ALSO READ: COVID-19: IAEA donates €80,000 worth of medical equipment to Nigeria The Emir, who is also Chairman of the State Council of Traditional Rulers, made the appeal while addressing District Heads in his palace on the challenges posed by coronavirus pandemic to humanity. Rilwanu Adamu also commended the efforts of the Bauchi State government for the measures it has taken towards controlling the spread of the disease saying that the proactive approach had stemmed the spread in the state. The Emir further stressed that it is very important for people to adhere to Public Health instructions by constantly washing their hands with soap and clean water as well as apply hand sanitisers. He added that people should not hesitate to go to the nearest health facility whenever they noticed symptoms of the infection saying that prompt treatment will save lives. He then prayed for quick recovery of the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, and the two others who tested positive to COVID-19 and are presently recovering.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE