Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Monday, announced that two additional patients were discharged, having recovered fully and tested negative twice for coronavirus (COVID-19). The governor disclosed while giving a daily update of the fight against Coronavirus otherwise called COVID-19, saying that the two lucky ones were females. According to him, the newly discharged patients brought to 31, the total number of people that have fully recovered from COVID19 in Lagos and discharged to join the community. “I have more great news for you from our Infectious Disease Hospital. Two (2) more female patients have recovered fully, tested negative twice consecutively and have been discharged from the facility today. “With the newly discharged patients, we now have a total of 31 people that have fully recovered from #COVID19 in Lagos and discharged to join the community,” the governor said. Governor Sanwo-Olu, who is the Incident Commander​, while expressing full appreciation to the frontline health workers working hard during this difficult time, argued that their successful strides in this war against COVID-19 brought the citizens joy and hope, urging citizens to continue to listen and obey health advisories issued by our health experts as they coordinate resources to beat COVID19. He assured that the state, no doubt, had the upper hand in this war against coronavirus and was winning and would eventually win. “I have no doubt whatsoever that we have the upper hand in this war, we are winning and we will eventually win,” Sanwo-Olu assured. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview 5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE