Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State on Friday announced the discharge of five coronavirus patients in the state after testing negative. Obaseki, who announced this via his twitter handle, said the five patients were fully recovered having tested negative twice. The governor said: “I am pleased to announce that five of the confirmed cases in Edo have now tested negative twice for COVID-19. They have thus been discharged. “This bolsters our resolve to defeat the common enemy, as we roll out more measures to check the spread of COVID-19.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that Edo has 15 confirmed cases with 14 active and one death as announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). After the discharge of five persons, there are now nine patients still in the isolation centres in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring
Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding
Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians
The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000
New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story