As part of measures to combat the coronavirus pandemic in Ekiti State, members of the Ekiti State House of Assembly have pledged their April salary to support the state government. The gesture of the lawmakers was in addition to their individual support of hand sanitizers, food items and cash gifts to their constituents. According to a statement made available to Tribune Online in Ado-Ekiti on Monday by the chairman, House Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Honourable Yemisi Ayokunle, the donation was part of the state legislative arm of government’s efforts to support the Executive to curtail the spread of the disease in Ekiti. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Buhari to address Nigerians today over coronavirus lockdown Ayokunle also expressed that the lawmakers would be, “readily available to lend our support in other areas, such as necessary legislation to fight the virus.” She commended the State Government for the various stimulus packages which have been distributed to the people to ease the effect of the stay-at-home order. She, however, appealed to residents to adhere strictly to the lockdown order by the State Government and “as well keep to the social distancing and regular hand wash exercise to stay free from the pandemic.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story China Imposes Restrictions On Research Into Origins Of Coronavirus China has imposed restrictions on the publication of academic research on the origins of the novel coronavirus, according to a central government directive and online notices published by two Chinese universities, that have since been removed from the web, CNN reports… Read full story