Kaduna State  recorded one new case of COVID-19 last Sunday, bringing the number of positive cases to five, the Commissioner for Health, Dr Amina Mohammed Baloni, has revealed. In a press statement she issued on Monday, Dr Baloni said that ‘’So far, the state has sent 89 samples to Abuja for testing,  among which five samples were positive, 77  negative, and eight are pending. 119 contacts have been listed and further contact tracing is ongoing.’’ According to her, ‘’the state government has been taking  actions  to contain the spread of COVID-19 since February, by reaching out  to the medical directors of all hospitals in the state, daily evaluation of the pandemic and devising new ways to check the spread.’’ The commissioner further said that the ministry had set up an Emergency Operation Centre (EOC), which is chaired by the Commissioner of Health and meets every day  to take proactive measures. Dr Baloni further said that the ministry has  “reactivated and strengthened the Infectious Disease Control Centre (IDCC) by posting trained health workers to the facility, who are currently caring for our patients. ‘’In addition, the ministry has also concluded arrangements for the take-off of an alternative isolation centre which has 69 rooms, where mild to moderate cases will be managed.” ALSO READ: Charge against Funke Akindele, husband According to the Deputy Governor, ‘’the facility is expected to be ready to receive patients this week. ‘’ ‘’In the same vein, Kaduna State Government has also concluded arrangements for the establishment of a testing laboratory in collaboration with Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital(ABUTH), Zaria,  for quick diagnosis,’’ she revealed. Dr Baloni advised that ‘’cooperating with disease control efforts will reduce the risk of contracting or spreading COVID-19 and therefore, reduce the possibility of community transmission.’’ The Commissioner said that the State has conducted massive mobilization both on electronic and print media, including social media,  to sensitize the public on the danger of this pandemic. ‘’In addition, different sub-committees have been put in place to coordinate the response to the disease which include the surveillance, Laboratory, coordination and Risk, Communication teams. Likewise, training of health workers is also ongoing,’’ she added. Dr Baloni commended ‘’the frontline health workers who are  taking care of our patients and the various professional bodies, Development Partners and individuals who have reached out to support the State Government’s  efforts.’’ She called on traditional rulers, community leaders and religious leaders to   ‘’continue mobilizing their people on the importance of handwashing, respiratory hygiene and obeying Government’s orders. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  PHOTOS: Chief Of Army Staff Visits Soldiers Injured During Boko Haram Attacks Following the attack on troops of the military outfit, Operation Lafiya Dole, by the insurgent Boko Haram in Gorgi, Borno State, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Sunday, April 5, visited some of the injured soldiers in 7 Division Medical Services and Hospital at Maimalari Cantonment… Read full story MONDAY LINES: COVID-19: Rivers Now Race Back Home EVERYONE, worldwide, is scared and helpless. An American comedian tweeted two weeks ago that “a lot of people are fleeing to (their) childhood mansions.” Christian kids and their parents are not talking about Easter – which is one week away. Conversations in Muslim circles are not about congregation prayers or Ramadan or… Read full article ‘Corps Members Deserve N500,000 Severance Package’ Tajudeen Obasa, a member of the House of representative, in this interview by SAM NWAOKO, speaks on his representation since 2015, his plans for his constituent, as well as the economic impact of the border closure by the Federal Government or his people among other issues… Read full interview 5 Disciplines Of Success Haroldson Lafayette Hunt Jr., popularly known as H. L. Hunt, an American billionaire oil magnate who became wealthy by trading poker winnings for oil rights, said the key to success is “Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to pay for it and decide to pay it.” However, what H.L. Hunt overlooked is that the glue that holds… Read full article Who Is A Perfect Leader? Exemplary leadership is not a fait accompli. A legacy-driven leader never really arrives at a point where he boasts that he knows and has all it takes to be the ultimate leader. The average person who finds himself in a position of leadership is so consumed with DOING leadership (function) that he has little time left for BEING a leader… Read full article The Pandemic Is No Time For Fiscal Distancing THESE are very difficult days, as the world faces one of its worst challenges ever: the novel coronavirus pandemic. And it seems almost no nation is spared. As infection rates rise, so does panic across financial markets, as economies drastically slow down and supply chains are severely disrupted… Read full article EDITORIAL: Hunger And The Lockdown TO say that the Covid-19 pandemic has caught many governments across the world pants down is a huge understatement. Six weeks ago, not even the most pessimistic modellings of the spread of the coronavirus anticipated that things would rapidly degenerate to the extent of literally shutting down the global economy… Read full article In Wishing Kyari Dead We Betray Our Conscience, Religion In biodata forms, most Nigerians identified themselves as either Christians or Muslims. Interestingly, both religions preach forgiveness, compassion and love. However, times without number, when our faith is tested, these qualities are often found lacking in us. Our religions admonish us not only to pray for those who are… Read full article 