 THE Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN) has condemned some Muslims who cause trouble with their insistence on going to mosque for congregational prayers, contrary to the directive of the government that all places of worship be closed as part of measures to contain the spread of coronavirus in the country. The MSSN president, Dr Taofeeq Yekinni, who stated this in a message, urged all Muslims to stay at home as directed by the authorities. According to him, going to mosques for prayers will be counterproductive at this time and as such, the faithful should endeavour to pray within the confines of their homes. Dr Yekinni noted that all the activities of the MSSN had been suspended throughout the country, urging members to carry out personal hygiene, maintain social distances and encourage others to do so as well. ALSO READ:The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (2) “We condemn all those who insist and cause trouble because of going to mosques. I urge you all to stay at home as directed by the authorities. Going to mosques for prayers will be counterproductive at this time. Pray at home “Let us all use this time to pray to Allah to ease our affairs, heal our land and the land of all Muslims all over the world. “May Allah let the people of the world learn enduring lessons from this episode to make our world a better place. “Please ignore and reject all false and fake theories and conjectures being bandied about the Covid-19. The perpetrators of the news have different motives. Don’t fall victim to their antics. Let us help as much people as we can in this circumstance,” he stated.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story