American-born Nigerian musician, Osazuwa Cynthia, with stage name Cynthia Proper, said her new song, “Boom” which she co-sang with singer, Wande Coal was borne out of inspiration from the beats form musical instruments. Cynthia told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday that “Boom” was basically a result of what she felt at the time she composed the song. She added that the title of her new song, “Boom” was a fall out of the rhythm from the beat, adding that she grabbed the inspiration to name the album “Boom”. Proper, who is currently doing her doctorate degree in Pharmacy at Long Island University Brooklyn, New York, United States, said the Nigeria music industry was challenging, adding, however, that it was imperative to believe in the ability of one to succeed as a musician. The pharmacist turned musician said as a Nigerian female artist, the Nigerian music industry could be favourable once the will was there, resolute and hardworking. She said she had to collaborate with Wande Coal because he was a perfect introduction to the music industry as a Nigerian in Nigeria, stressing that he remained a legend in the music industry. Proper said she ensured that the video for “Boom” which was directed by Lenx was not too explicit and sensual. She added that there was need to consider the sensitive nature of the country and take into cognisance her culture and way of life of the people. The fast-rising rapper said she had always love Nigeria and its diverse culture, stressing that she enjoyed everything about her Edo culture despite being an American citizen. When asked what genre of music would she classify her music, she disclosed that she could be versatile in different kinds of music and was not limited to a particular genre. She added that Nigeria music was growing and the energy must be sustained to help the industry.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story