Sokoto State government has denied the rumour going on in the state of a declaring a total lockdown of the state from Monday. The state government restates that no such decision was taken during the state executive council meeting chaired by Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Muhammed Ali Inname, who is also the chairman of the state Task Force on Border Closure stated this during his routine monitoring of the activities at the state border in Durbawa, Kware Local Government Area. According to him, “I am aware that you all know before we take a decision in the state especially concerning this coronavirus, it involves all the stakeholders. “The governor involves all the state stakeholders including the Sultan of Sokoto, the state council of Ulamas and major stakeholders in arriving such decision. “All I can tell you is that, the rumour going round in the state that there will be a lockdown from Monday, is a lie and has no iota of truth. “If and when such decision is taken, it will involve all the major stakeholders in the state and will be duly communicated to the general public.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story Covid-19: Turning Adversity Into Opportunity Never in our lifetime have we endured the kind of socio-economic disruption the world is currently experiencing, as the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) ravages people, and continues to cause massive economic displacements across the globe. Since the virus was discovered, it has infected two million people, and caused over… Read full story Mother Infects 17 Of Her 18 Biological, Adopted Children With Coronavirus Before Finding Out She Was Positive A woman in New York, United States, unknowingly infected 17 of her 18 children, including some who were adopted, because she showed no symptoms after contracting the coronavirus and Brittany Jencik of Penfield, near Rochester, said she infected her kids while asymptomatic about five weeks ago… Read full story Abba Kyari And Koronu People In COVID-19 Nigeria THE death of President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, last Friday, like the death of any mortal, calls for sober reflection. May God grant the repose of his soul. However, for all of us—politicians, those controlling the levers of political power, lowly-placed people and humanity in entirety—the major lesson therein… Read full story Will The Media Houses Survive COVID-19? THE people are the only censors of their governors: and even their errors will tend to keep these to the true principles of their institution. To punish these errors too severely would be to suppress the only safeguard of the public liberty. The way to preserve these irregular interpositions of the people is to give them full… Read full story COVID-19: Businesses Crumble, Owners Count Losses AT the beginning of the New Year, many Nigerian business owners had drawn well-calculated work-plan to achieve bigger results in 2020 than the previous year. Based on these plans, many of them had made financial projections of huge profits and dreamt of smiling to the bank on a daily basis… Read full story Covid-19:Time For Africa Health Organisation The pandemic of Covid -19 is by default redefining the term Global Village which is a modern definition of Planet Earth or Planet Water. Global tells us we are connected: 9the air in and around us and the waters lapping our continents and the trade networks from all these. ‘Village’ tells us how humbling this reality of oneness… Read full story