About 40 people who travelled from Lagos State inside an open van were on Saturday, April 18 intercepted by security operatives attached to the Special Task Force against the spread of coronavirus in Sokoto State. The van which was intercepted at Tambuwal/Aliero Jega highway on Saturday morning was handed over to the Sokoto State Commissioner for Health and chairman of the Task Force against the Spread of COVID-19 in the state, Dr. Mohammed Iname. Speaking to newsmen shortly after inspecting medical examination carried out on the returnees, Dr. Iname said three of the returnees are nationals of Niger Republic that want to use the Ilella border to get into their country. He said: “This vehicle was intercepted this morning (Saturday) along Tambuwal-Sokoto road with about 40 passengers that were coming from Lagos. About three of them are from Niger Republic, they want to cross to Kwanni in Niger Republic using the Illela border while the others are from Sokoto State from various local government areas. “We yet to open the quarantine centre, but because of what is happening and the trooping in of so many returnees from Lagos and other state, we are now going to use most likely the NYSC camp as the quarantine centre.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death
Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency
The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story