A professor of virology at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State, David Olaleye, on Friday, disclosed that the virology department of the hospital had worked on 19 samples for coronavirus (COVID-19) testing since it opened for operations of Monday. Olaleye said the laboratory is designated to receive samples for coronavirus testing from Oyo, Ogun and Kwara states as well as samples from other places that surveillance officers will be able to track where they have come from. “We worked on 19 samples from Monday till yesterday and 10 on the way today (Friday),” Olaleye said. According to him, the results from the tests will be passed to Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the respective state ministries of health to ensure that the epidemiology and response centre can disclose the result to the individual and enrol the contacts for monitoring. The virologist declared that the laboratory was certified to commence testing after the training and delivery of reagents and coronavirus testing protocol by NCDC. According to him, “NCDC has a protocol that has been developed based on the original one developed in Atlanta, United States, for us in Nigeria. The training and optimisation of the avian influenza laboratory all ended over last weekend and we started attending to cases on Monday. “There is problem with kits globally. But the genuity about what NCDC has done, which should be applauded is that NCDC developed a protocol and so no need to use test kits.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story Nigeria Likely To Record More Cases Of Coronavirus, NCDC Says Nigeria is likely to record more cases of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), infections, as the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) progressively expands its testing capacity. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General of NCDC, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) while giving an update on COVID-19 in the country… Read full story After 14 Days In Isolation, Buhari’s Daughter Reunites With Family Nigeria’s First Lady, Aisha Buhari, has expressed joy as she reunites with her daughter who has been on self-isolation since she returned to Nigeria. In a tweet via her handle, @aishambuhari, Mrs Buhari said, “It is a thing of joy & gratitude to Almighty God to reunite with my daughter after she had been in isolation for 14 days… Read full story Two Nigerians, Anthony Onasanya, Patricia Imobhio, Die Of Coronavirus In UK, Italy Two Nigerian citizens have died of the coronavirus both in the United Kingdom and Italy. While a Nigerian living in Britain, Anthony Deola Onasanya, on Wednesday died of the disease, 60-year-old Mrs Patricia Imohibo died on March 28 from complications from the disease… Read full story UPDATE: UCH CMD, College Of Medicine Provost, Deputy Test Negative For COVID-19 The Chief Medical Director (CMD), University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Professor Jesse Otegbayo, has tested negative for COVID-19 after eight days of isolation and treatment. Head of Public Relations Unit of the hospital, Mr Toye Akinrinlola, who confirmed this said that the last test on his blood sample has come… Read full story COVID-19: Atiku’s Son Goes Against Fake News, Preaches Unity As He Narrates Experience The son of former vice president Atiku Abubakar, who tested positive to COVID-19 on March 20, Mohammed Atiku, on Thursday, urged Nigerians to be circumspect about spreading false news especially about COVID-19 patients, as this may further aggravate their health by further weakening their immune system… Read full story Lagos Lockdown: It’s A Long Night Of Frustration For Importers, Cargo Operators The Lagos State government lockdown of the state over the covid-19 pandemic commenced on Monday night, March 30, effectively taking life out of the ever busy roads and highways of the state. With the ports remaining operational, cargo evacuation business has become more tedious and difficult… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE