Sokoto State government has approved the immediate increment of hazard allowance of the state health workers by 100 per cent for two months. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Ali Inamme, stated this while briefing newsmen at the council chambers in the state government secretariat on Thursday. The commissioner further disclosed that other health workers in the frontline on the COVID-19 in the state will in addition be given weekly allowances. He also explained that the state diagnosis centre currently under construction will henceforth be financed by the entire 23 local governments in the state. Also speaking, the Commissioner for Finance, Abdulsamad Dasuki, explained that the state executive council approved the downwards review of the 2020 budget. According to the Commissioner, “the council has in response to the global challenges agreed to review the budget down from the initial N292 billion to N153 billion.” He also disclosed that the all the state tertiary institutions will henceforth be entitled to 60 per cent of their revenue while the remaining 40 per cent will be credited to the state government. The decision, according to Abdulsamad, was based on a report of committee on tertiary institutions. Also, the Commissioner for Water Resources, Umar Bature, said the state government had approved the suspension of water rate for the month of April and May accros the state. He said the measure was part of palliatives put in place to cushion the effects of lockdown order to curtail the spread of pandemic in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  Anal Sex Predisposes To Cancer, HIV Infection, Others —Experts Anal sex has been described as a prevalent practice, which consistently occurs between young couples and adolescents. According to the Centre for Disease Control “anal sex is primarily growing in popularity with couples under age 45.” Also, a national survey reportedly revealed that 36 per cent of women and 44 per cent of… Read full story Coronavirus Could Be Spreading Through Farts, Says Doctor • Experts still in doubts An Australian doctor has said that farting could spread coronavirus especially if it comes from a patient who has been tested positive of the pandemic, TheSun reports… Read full story