Kaduna State government has said that it has discharged one out of the six patients that contracted the COVID-19`, from the Infectious Disease Centre. Commissioner for Health, Dr Amina Mohammed Baloni who broke the news on Wednesday, said that the patient has recovered following treatment at the isolation centre. According to her, the patient’s recovery ‘has been confirmed by two consecutive negative results, the second of which came yesterday, Tuesday, 14 April 2020.’’ The Commissioner further said that the ‘state government is looking forward to the recovery and discharge of the other five COVID-19 patients in the state.’’ ALSO READ: COVID-19 lockdown: Court convicts 120 out of 183 violators Dr Baloni acknowledged ‘the dedicated contributions of our various teams that are contributing to our collective COVID-19 efforts. We also wish to pay tribute to the medical professionals at the Infectious Disease Centre for the successful management of this patient.’’ ‘’The Ministry of Health wishes to remind residents of Kaduna State that it is safer and cheaper to observe preventive measures than to treat COVID-19. Citizens must wash their hands regularly with soap and water and scrupulously observe social distancing. ‘’ They are also advised to avoid large gatherings and stay at home, except it is absolutely necessary to go out. Wherever they are, they should also practise respiratory hygiene,’’ she advised. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story