Bet9ja, a leading Nigerian gaming company has donated N200 million to the Federal Ministry of Health, Lagos and Ogun State governments to combat the pandemic COVID-19. The announcement was made on Saturday through a press release signed by the co-founder and chairman, Kunle Soname, who said that “we want to thank all government institutions for taking the lead seamlessly during these uncertain times demonstrating the capacity to stop the spread of the virus with adequate preparation of the right facilities set up for affected people to be treated.” Also in the statement, the Co-founder and Managing Director, Ayo Ojuroye stated: “We have observed the remarkable exertion, circumspect and concentrated measures established to fight and contain the virus by the government, NCDC and the Health Ministry in the past weeks, it is an absolutely remarkable job. This is why we show our eagerness to support and work with the government with our resources available in our arsenal to help ease and expedite the objectives to rid the country of COVID-19.”  The release also gives the breakdown of the fund as follows: N100, 000,000 to Federal Ministry of Health N50,000,000 to Lagos State Government N50,000,000 to Ogun State Government. ALSO READ: Three men who robbed stranded people waiting for vehicles in Oshodi land in police net In addition, Bet9ja said that it will open up its online platform to customers for donation as all donations will be received through the platform and will be doubled. As The World Battles COVID-19, Nigerians Confront COVIK 4-1-9 Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden… Read full article Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE