The Armed Forces of Nigeria, on Saturday, stated that it has, through the Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE, neutralised several Boko Haram terrorists and destroyed a logistics facility within the heart of the Sambisa Forest in Borno State. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, DMO, Major General John Enenche. According to the statement, “this was achieved in an air interdiction mission executed on Thursday as part of ongoing operations to destroy the terrorists’ capabilities before they can be brought to bear against land forces and other targets.” It stated that the airstrike was conducted after series of day and night Intelligence as Surveillance and Reconnaissance missions confirmed that makeshift structures, hidden under the dense vegetation of the area, were being used by the terrorists to store their logistics as well as house their fighters. It further revealed that consequently, the Air Task Force dispatched its fighter jets to attack the hideout, leading to the destruction of some of the structures as well as the killing of several terrorists while the post-strike battle damage assessment showed that their logistics facility engulfed in flames. According to it, the Armed Forces of Nigeria, in furtherance of the objective of restoring peace and security in the North East, promised to sustain the offensive against the insurgents. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story Nigeria Records 51 New Coronavirus Cases, Total Now 493 Fifty-one new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 32 in Lagos, 6 in Kano, 5 in Kwara, 2 in FCT, 2 in Oyo, 2 in Katsina, 1 in Ogun, 1 in Ekiti… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria’s Airlines Have Lost N360billion So Far —Operators The umbrella body of all domestic airline owners in the country, the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), has put the losses so far incurred by domestic airlines since the outbreak of COVID-19 at a whopping N360billion… Read full story Is Coronavirus Spread By Farting? I read somewhere that the Coronavirus pandemic can be spread through farts. Kindly help to clarify this… Read full story 277 COVID-19 Patients Are Being Treated Across Nigeria —Health Minister •Says more people with COVID-19 are being detected The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire said on Friday that a total of 277 COVID-19 patients are undergoing treatment across the isolated centers in the country… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE