Major club and hotel owners in Somolu and Bariga in Lagos State have shut down operations with the few still open complaining of low patronage due to extended lockdown and insecurity, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A NAN correspondent, who monitored the effect of the extended lockdown order around the Local Government Area, reported that majority of clubs and hotels have been shut down, while those operating do it discretely to avoid being arrested. Some of the hotels and clubs visited include Somolu Central Hotel, Obanlearo Hotel, Adecaro Guest House, Famous Hotel, Larex Hotel, Syntos Club, Osugo Club, High Society, Dee Done Club, and Legacy Hotel. At the Famous Hotel on Bankole Street, Pedro, the manager, who identified himself simply as ‘Yinka’, told NAN that the hotel had shut down its major operations due to coronavirus and government directives. Yinka said that most people, who come to lodge overnight, were turned back to avoid government sanctions. According to him, only a few hotels within the area are operating discreetely. He added that many of the hotel workers had been asked to sit at home, pending when the lockdown is reviewed. “Most of the hotels have shut down their activities, and some that are still operating have sent home about 90 per cent of their staff because of the huge running cost. “The hotels that operate secretly, are offering skeletal service,” he said. At Obanlearo Hotel, the operator, who preferred anonymity, told NAN that the hotel had been out of service for over two weeks. “The lockdown has impacted seriously on hotel owners. “I have asked all my workers to stay at home pending when the situation normalises because if I tell them to come to the office, the business will run at a loss.” He said that few hotels were operating secretly, with their guests reducing by the day while some are not getting guests at all. According to him, there are no events either, for halls to be used. At Rex Relaxation Spot, the operator of the club, who pleaded anonymity, told NAN that the current situation had scared customers away. This situation, he said, is affecting sales. He said that the security situation in the area also affected those operating secretly. Similarly, many private hospitals in the area are observing strict compliance to hygiene procedure as they provide water, soap and hand sanitisers at the entrance for patients. Some of the private hospitals visited include Adesola Maternity on the Onabola Street, Ladlak Medical Centre, Igiolugbin Road, Jaiyeola Hospital on Bankole Street and Osatuyi Medical Centre in Obanikoro. NAN observed that many of the hospitals screen their patients at the entrance. One of the nurses at the Osatuyi Medical Centre told NAN that fewer nurses and doctors were on duty attending to patients with ailments that are not coronavirus related. The nurse said that patients with coronavirus symptoms were advised to go for a test at government hospitals. “We occasionally assist them in calling the coronavirus helplines for assistance,’’ she said. The nurse added that the hospital attends more to pregnant women, who come for delivery, and other patients with other ailments not related to coronavirus. Meanwhile, NAN reported that a popular hotel, “De Santos Hotel”, at Akowonjo Roundabout in the Dopemu/Egbeda area, has been completely shut down, with a closure notice hanged on its gate to notify its customers. De Santos Hotel, Lagos gives notice of shut down (NAN photo) “Public Notice. This is to inform our esteemed customers that we are temporarily suspending operations from March 26 until further notice. “Please understand we are implementing this measure in line with the Lagos State Government directives to stem the spread of COVID-19 (coronavirus)! “We will monitor the situation carefully and keep you up to date. Thank you. For further enquiries, please call…,’’ the notice read. The same scenario also played out at Bellisima Hotel on Olowologbon Street in Akowonjo axis as it was also closed. A NAN correspondent, who visited the area, reports that eateries at Egbeda and Akowonjo areas were equally closed. The few ones that opened, spaced out their sitting arrangements to observe social distancing rule. Also, temperature readings were taken at the entrances, while customers were given hand sanitisers. Some small beer parlours on the Egbeda/Dopemu axis were seen open, but the seats spaced apart. NAN recalls that President Muhammadu Buhari had, on Monday, announced the extension of the lockdown order in Lagos, Ogun and FCT by another two weeks to flatten the curve of the coronavirus pandemic in the country (NAN)  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE