The Kenyang Mining Company Nigeria Limited has donated N3 million to Nasarawa State government as part of its contribution to fight the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Presenting a cheque to Nasarawa State governor, Mr Abdullahi Sule, on Friday, at the Government House, representative of the company, Raymond Zhau, said the donation was part of the efforts of the company to support the government and people of the state in curtailing the spread of COVID-19. Zhau recalled that the state government had demonstrated a measure of friendship towards the company and it has, therefore, become necessary for the firm to reciprocate the gesture by donating the money and face masks. “As a friend of Nasarawa State and at this time, we want to offer our help to the government to have better control and fight against coronavirus. “From my company, we are offering 30, 000 face masks, as medical support and apart from that, we are donating N3 million to the government account,” Zhau stated. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Galaxy Backbone deploys telepresence facilities to 123 locations On the 30,000 face masks, Zhau expressed concern that strict regulations at the Lagos port may delay the arrival of the items from China but assured that it will be delivered in time for use by the people. He used the opportunity to show appreciation to the government of Nasarawa State, for according to the company conducive working environment through the years, stressing that by working together as a family, the battle against COVID-19 will be won. Zhou was accompanied on the visit to the Lafia Government House by the Managing Director of the company, Bill Nie. Responding, Governor Sule, thanked the Kenyang Mining Company Nigeria Limited, for assisting the state at the right time. The Governor disclosed that already, there is a COVID Committee put in place by the state government, headed by the state Deputy Governor, Dr Emmanuel Akabe, where all forms of assistance to the state towards fighting coronavirus, will be channelled.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE