Thousands of protective materials against COVID-19 worth millions of Naira have been procured for distribution to people of Bauchi State by the State chapter of the opposition All Progressive Congress (APC). The move was done as part of its corporate social responsibilities to the people the state in order to ensure that the COVID-19 infection did not spread across the state as well as to protect the people. While flagging off the distribution of the items at the State Secretariat of the APC on Thursday, State Chairman of the party, Uba Ahmed Nana said that the items to be distributed include; face masks, hand sanitizers, tissue papers and hand gloves. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: I have no negotiation to be anyone’s running mate ― Adetula He explained that the gesture was meant to assist people to protect themselves against contracting the deadly COVID-19 saying that the APC as a people’s oriented party is concerned about the pandemic. Uba Nana added that the protective materials have now become so scarce and expensive in the state making it difficult for some citizens to buy them. While calling on charity organisations and wealthy individuals in the state to also assist the people with similar items, the APC Chairman advised the general public in the state to strictly comply with the guidelines on how to prevent themselves from contracting the disease and spreading it. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story