The All Progressive Congress (APC) in Kogi State is presently facing a serious crisis over an alleged suspension of the party chairman, Hon ThankGod Omale. Hon. ThankGod Omale is the APC chairman of Ibaji local government chapter in Kogi State. However, the executive members of the party have dissociated themselves from the purported suspension of Hon. ThankGod Omale as the APC party Chairman of Ibaji, allegedly orchestrated by Mr William Ukuojo the Senior Special Assistant  (SSA), Security to the governor of the state in charge of the local government. The EXCO also called on the State Chairman of the party Hon. Abdullahi Bello to intervene in the purported suspension before the action tore the party apart in Ibaji Local government area. ALSO READ: We are taking precautions against spread of COVID-19 ― Chevron The call was in a protest letter duly signed by 20 members of the Executive Committee of the party and addressed to the state Chairman of APC. The protest letter stated that the performance and commitment of ThankGod Omale during the last governorship election led to an overwhelming victory for the party, describing his suspension as a big surprise and quite disheartening. “We just came out successful as a party from the recently concluded gubernatorial election in the state which was led by the party Chairman Hon. ThankGod Omale. “We are also approaching the local government election in the state and the timing of the suspension is unjust and lacks legal justification considering our party constitution” the protest letter stated. The EXCO members also dissociated themselves from the vote of no confidence passed on the party Chairman (Omale) on April 14th, 2020 lamenting that he was not given a fair hearing. “The purported vote of no confidence does not emanate from the party’s executive committee of the Ibaji local government area of Kogi State” the letter started. The EXCO members, therefore, urged the state Chairman of APC to use his good office to look into the issue with a view to addressing the unjust suspension meted on ThankGod Omale who has been faithful to the party. “We are appealing to the state Chairman of our party Alhaji Abdullahi Bello to, the interest of justice, peace and progress of our party APC in Ibaji Local government area of Kogi State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE