Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has said that all the properties destroyed during the explosion that rocked some parts of the state capital in Akure would be paid for by the firm which ordered the explosives. Akeredolu, who stated this during a visit to the scene of the incident where repair work on the road is ongoing, said a proper valuation of all affected properties would be ascertained before the company would be made to pay for the destruction. The governor, who called for the understanding of the residents of the area, urged them to cooperate with the valuers, with a pledge not to leave them to bear the burden of the explosion alone. He expressed satisfaction with the  repair work on the road which he said was being done through the Direct Labour Agency of the state’s Ministry of Works. ALSO READ: Gunmen kill community chief in Ekiti, set corpse ablaze He said the construction became necessary because the road is the only shortest route to access other parts of the country from Akure, saying traffic had to be diverted to the  old Bénin-Akure road due to the huge crater  on the road by the blast. It will be recalled that a truck conveying explosives to Auchi, Edo State from Ibadan, Oyo State, caught fire, causing explosion in the area which destroyed many residential, church and school buildings numbering 70  while 13 people were injured. Earlier, the Special Adviser on Lands, Works and Infrastructure, Mr Raimi Aminu, explained that the reconstruction of the road was being done with specifications of the Federal Ministry of Works. He disclosed that said the construction would be completed within 10 weeks, adding that the Federal Government would pay Ondo State back the cost of fixing the road. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story