Valuable goods were, on Thursday, razed as fire gutted a section of Oja Tuntun, the biggest market in Ile-Ife, Osun State. Though the actual cause of the fire incident could not be ascertained as of the time of filing this report, Tribune Online gathered that the inferno started at the Omoworare Shopping complex where children’s playing toys and others were being sold inside the market. Though, the market is currently under lock and key following the lockdown order by the Osun State government to combat the spread of coronavirus, men of the Osun State Fire Service have moved to the scene to put out the fire. When contacted, the administrative officer of the Osun State Fire Service, Mr Fatai Aremu confirmed the incident to our correspondent, saying firefighters have succeeded in putting out the raging fire.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  How Africa Can Mitigate COVID-19 Effects BEFORE the novel Coronavirus pandemic hit the globe, Nigeria spent 42 per cent of her earnings on debt servicing. We have arrived at a new reality today: even if we devote 100 per cent of our income to rebuilding our economy, it still will not be enough… Read full article Our Ongoing Strike Doesn’t Affect Our Involvement In Fight Against COVID-19 —ASUU President We are starting with Ibadan because our members in the zone showed readiness for the project. We were in Jos last week Wednesday and the next place is Maiduguri, to be followed by other parts of the country. Our plan is to launch it at the zonal levels of our union, while the branches key into it… Read full story NECO Declares War On Certificate Forgers THE National Examination Council (NECO) is worried at the rising cases of certificate forgery and examination malpractice in Nigeria and has vowed to make life miserable for the perpetrators of the heinous crime tarnishing the image of the examination body and the country at large… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE