Equities investors on the floor of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) gain N77.17 billion as negative sentiments eased further, leaving the market capitalisation at N10.98 trillion at the close of trading on Wednesday. Gains of Wapco, Dangote Sugar and Banking stocks sustained previous day bull as the market capitalisation by 0.71 per cent lose at N10.98 trillion at the end of the trading session. Similarly, the All-Share Index (ASI) appreciated by 0.71 per cent to cross 21,000 marks, settling at 21,073.26 basis points. Hence, Month-to-date and Year-to-Date losses moderated to -1.1 per cent and -21.5 per cent, respectively The total volume of trades decreased by 80.0 per cent to 346.41 million units, valued at N5.22 billion and exchanged in 4,660 deals. Guaranty Trust Bank was the most traded stock by volume and value at 102.24 million units and N1.84 billion, respectively. Also, Sectoral performance was positive, as the Banking, Consumer Goods, Industrial Goods, Insurance indices all recorded gains at 2.1, 1.0, 1.0 and 0.1 percentile, respectively. However, sell-off of ARDOVA caused the Oil and Gas index to decline by 0.6 per cent. Market sentiment, as measured by market breadth, was positive, as 25 tickers gained, relative to seven losers. Ecobank Transnational Incorporation and Ikeja Hotels recorded the largest gains with ten per cent, respectively, while Union Diagnostic Center and ARDOVA were the top losers of the day with ten per cent and 9.6 per cent decline, respectively. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story