I give kudos to prominent Ibadan-based lawyer, Prince Lateef Fagbemi (SAN), as he joined other well-meaning and notable Nigerians to think of the vulnerable by donating the sum of N5 million to junior lawyers based in Ibadan as part of his own contribution to assist them during the stay-at-home following the outbreak of Covid-19. Prince Fagbemi directed that the said N5 million be distributed to 250 junior lawyers from one to seven years at the bar at the rate of N20, 000 flat each. Junior lawyers are happy at this good gesture from the senior advocate and the gesture has become a source of discussion in the Ibadan legal circle. Will all young lawyers benefit from this gesture? For me, I believe it will go round and payment of practising fee and branch dues by young lawyers will help the Nigeria Bar Association (NBA) to ascertain the junior lawyers that are practising in Ibadan. Prince Fagbemi has been using his hard-earned money to help the children of under privileged schooling in all our tertiary institutions in Nigeria. The lawyers regard him as a father of junior lawyers in Ibadan considering everything he has been doing to support them. He never wants any private junior lawyer who is under tutelage to suffer at this critical time of staying at home. It is good to always have some people like Prince Lateef Fagbemi SAN in the legal profession. In view of this, I want to commend him.  Jimoh Mumin Esq. 08034435211.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING We Understand The Need For Lockdown Extension, But Palliative Not Well Handled, Says Afenifere Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Monday said it understood the need to extend the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic as announced by President Muhammadu Buhari in his nationwide broadcast, but quickly expressed worries about the continuation of the palliatives promised by him as the stimulus… Read full story COVID-19: FG Working On Comprehensive Package For Health Workers The Federal Government, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, is already working on a comprehensive package for health workers in the frontline of the battle against COVID-19 pandemic, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Monday… Read full story COVID-19 Loan Applications Free, Says CBN The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday said application for COVID-19 loan applications are free. In a statement signed by its Director of corporate Communications, Isaac Okorafor, CBN said it had receivedreports in the social media circles that loan seekers and owners of small-scale businesses who apply for loans provided to… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria Not On IMF’s Debt Service Relief List The International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday announced debt service relief to 25 countries most of them in Africa to cushion the effects of COVID-19. Nigeria is not on the list. A statement issued by Ms. Kristalina Georgieva, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which contained… Read full story