The Lamido of Adamawa, Alh. Dr Muhammad Barkindo Aliyu Mustapha and the Adamawa Emirate Council have appointed the only female Senator from the North, Sen. Aishatu Dahiru Ahmed (Binani) as Gimbiya (Princess) Adamawa. It was the first time in the history of the Emirate that a woman will be honoured with such a title. The conferment of the title was contained in a letter to the Senator by the Secretary, Adamawa Emirate Council, Alh. Khalil M. Kawu. The letter reads in part: “The Adamawa Emirate Council has been monitoring with keen interest the sterling developmental contributions brought by you, not in the Adamawa Emirate alone, but the state as a whole. “Consequent to the above, the Adamawa Emirate Council has directed me to convey its approval for the conferment of traditional title of ‘Gimbiya Adamawa’ on you. “This conferment is with effect from 30th March 2020. Similarly, you are to notify the council when you are prepared for the turbaning ceremony. “While congratulating you over this conferment, please accept His Royal Highness esteemed regards.” On its part, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Adamawa State Chapter congratulated Sen. Aishatu Dahiru Ahmed on the traditional title. A statement by the State Publicity Secretary of APC, Hon. Mohammed Abdullahi said: “This is a further justification of her excellent leadership style as a true representative of her constituents. “The APC family is proud of her, as we pray to Allah to guide her and bless her with the wisdom to justify the confidence reposed on her by the Lamido Fombina, Alh. Dr. Muhammad Barkindo Aliyu Mustapha and the entire Adamawa Emirate Council.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story Alleged Rape In Kogi: NMA Calls For Thorough Investigation The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has called on the relevant law enforcement agencies to conduct a thorough investigation into the alleged battering and rape of Elizabeth Oyeniyi, by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumuni Danga… Read full story