THE Governor of Kogi State, Alhaji Yahaya Bello on Tuesday sacked the Vice-Chancellor of Prince Abubakar Audu University Anyigba, Professor Mohammed Abdulkadir and the Rector of Kogi State Polytechnic Lokoja, Professor Muhammed Atureta. They were suspended from office in February by the governor for gross-misconduct and set up an investigative panel to probe them. In a statement issued on Tuesday by the Secretary to the State Government, Dr Mrs Folashade Arike Ayoade, the governor appointed Professor Marietu Ohunene Tenuche as the new acting Vice-Chancellor of the University. He also approved the appointment of Dr Usman Ogbo as the new acting Rector of the Kogi State Polytechnic. According to the statement, both appointments take immediate effect. Professor Tenuche, a two-time Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the institution, replaces Professor Mohammed S. Abdulkadir, who has been asked to proceed on terminal leave. Dr Usman Ogbo, on the other hand, replaces Professor M.S Atureta, whom, the statement said, has been relieved of his appointment. The government wished the out-going appointees “the best in their future endeavour” and stressed that the handing over to the new appointees “should be completed immediately.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story