Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another. Most Rev. Kukah stated this in his 2020 Easter Message, entitled, “The Empty Tomb & Empty Churches: A metaphor for our times.” He said, “This is an Easter like no other that the world has seen. It is not time for despair nor should we be casting aspersions and seeking scapegoats.” The bishop added that “This pandemic is a crisis that contains an opportunity. The worst that can happen to us is if we return to our old ways and divisions after the pandemic is over.” The full text of the Easter message reads: 1: An empty tomb! Another name for Easter! The tomb was the most grievous wound ever inflicted on the world. Yet, rather than seeking a healing for this wound, Christianity believes that instead, this wound has brought us healing (Is. 53: 3). Christianity is a religion of contradictions and irony, defying logic and human reason. How can a Virgin conceive without knowing a man? (Lk. 1:34). How can a man with nowhere to lay his Head proclaim a kingdom? (Jn. 18:36). How can a man who claimed he would rise again (Jn. 2:29) not even defend himself, nor avoid the humiliation of being nailed to the cross with robbers? The third day of all the drama changed all that. 2: As with Christmas, Woman is at the centre of the resurrection. Mary of Magdalene and her friends, faithfully went to anoint the body of Jesus, weeping, and wondering who would roll the stone away for them (Mk. 16:3). Jesus rewards her and she is made the principal witness of the risen Christ. She has a new mission: Go and tell my brothers (Jn. 20:17). By letting a woman be the first to see Him after the resurrection, Jesus dramatically resets the gender template of the culture of the time. In a culture where a Jew thanks God every morning for not being born a woman, in a culture where a woman’s testimony is not admissible, even the Apostles did not believe Mary’s story and dismissed it as a woman’s tale (Lk. 24:11). In doing this, Jesus conquers and resets the history and anthropology of the time. In seeking to change our world, we must respect women. 3: Christians are well placed to appreciate the pall of anxiety, fear, suspense, tension, foreboding that now hangs in our skies following the explosion of the coronavirus. Our world has changed so dramatically and, as in Rama, the sound we hear everywhere is one of lamentation, weeping and mourning (Jer. 31:15). Let us therefore; be still and listen to the voice of God (Ps 46: 10). The Resurrection is the greatest assurance of God’s faithfulness. Let us heed the voice of Jesus: Do not let your hearts be troubled, trust in God and trust in Me (Jn. 14: 1). Let us banish the feelings of emptiness, confusion, vulnerability and silence knowing that we are bearers of Hope which does not disappoint (Rom.5:5). 4: You recall the story of the trees in the forest when the logger came for them. First, the trees said that there was no way the logger could be their enemy since the handle of the axe was one of them. They decided to relax. By the time they realised it, all of them had fallen to the logger’s axe. Every tragedy, from wars, famines, to plagues and pandemics start small and we often find reasons to ignore solidarity. Cultural, religious, ethnic, class and gender differences often serve as a balm to lull us into indifference until it is too late. This pandemic is a crisis that contains an opportunity. The worst that can happen to us is if we return to our old ways and divisions after the pandemic is over. It would mean that we have failed to learn the historic lessons of the time. 5: This is an Easter like no other that the world has seen. It is not time for despair nor should we be casting aspersions and seeking scapegoats. The world must look back and ask how we got to this point. We Christians must ask how we allowed the tares and thistles to overwhelm the good seeds of our common humanity (Matt. 13: 24ff). We must remember that none of us is healthy if one of us is sick. None of us has a full stomach if anyone of us goes to bed hungry. None of us should be proud of their wealth as long as one is poor. Nothing calls on our common humanity like now. 6: Finally, the empty tomb is a metaphor for our empty churches today. The Church started from our hearts and homes before it became a physical structure. Perhaps, we have mistakenly allowed the structures to take the Church from our hearts and made us less humane. As the angel said to the Apostles; He is not here, he has risen as he said(Mt. 28:6). It is not time to feel sorrow or sadness for ourselves. Rather, it is time to rethink how we have always seen faith and our common humanity. The resurrection of Jesus is a celebration of God’s redemption, His renewal of the world. Light has finally overcome darkness and we must remember: Light shines in the darkness and the darkness cannot overpower it (Jn. 1:5). For you were once darkness but now you have light. Walk as children of light. (Eph. 5:8). NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Falana Explodes: We Are Ruled By Incompetent, Ignorant, Lawless Individuals In an interview electronically-conducted, LANRE ADEWOLE engaged leading lawyer and senior advocate of Nigeria, Mr. Femi Falana, on the state of the nation, coronavirus epidemic controversies and the quality of leadership; handling the attendant socio-economic crises… Read full article Let’s Be Fervent In Our Prayer For Divine Intervention —Lawan THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history… Read full article Be Transparent In Identifying The Poor For Palliatives —CAN Charges Govt THE Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has charged the state and Federal Government to apply transparency and inclusiveness in identifying the poor, whom relief materials had been made available for amid the present pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Why I Believe Nigerians, Others In Malaria Belt, Have Little To Fear —Abu, US Based Clinical Cardiologist Dr Rasaq Olanrewaju Abu has been in medical practice since 1984 and currently runs a clinical cardiology practice in College Park, Maryland, USA. In this interview conducted online by SAHEED SALAWU, Dr Abu speaks on why the huge number of deaths being experienced in Europe due to COVID-19 pandemic and America may not … Read full interview COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 17 New Cases, Toll Rises To 305 Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Friday, has announced 17 more new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), making the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria rise to 305… Read full story Can I Have Prostate Cancer? I am a 60-year-old man. My father died from Prostate cancer many years ago. Kindly let me know my chances of also having the cancer… Read full story Outsmarting Covid-19 It is no longer news that COVID-19, a strain of coronavirus, has held the whole world to ransom. When the disease broke out in China some months back, it gave the whole world a chance to prepare ahead. It is however conspicuous that the preparation was and it is still not sufficient, looking at the severe effect of the outbreak… Read full story Coronavirus Came From Bat, But How Did It Get To Man? A vacuum of knowledge about the origins of the new coronavirus ravaging the world has provided fertile ground for all manner of theories — from the fantastic, to the dubious to the believable… Read full story Eti-Osa Is Leading In Coronavirus Cases, Yet Flouting Stay-At-Home Order Despite recording the highest number of coronavirus cases, residents of Eti-Osa Local Government Area of the state have continued to flout the stay-at-home and social distancing orders imposed on the state to contain the spread of the deadly virus, Saturday Tribune was told by one of the community leaders… Read full article Help For Couples With Mental Health Disorders IDENTIFYING problems without proffering solutions will amount to a wasted exercise. Every mental health disorder is treatable. Couples facing such a challenge should know that help is available to them. So, there is no reason to lose hope, and resign to fate. Once they embrace this truth, they will be able to seek for the available help… Read full article I Was Under Some Pressure On What It Would Take To Be Olori —Olori Adeyanju Save for beads, which she sparsely adorns at public functions, there is scarcely anything which announces her as the wife of a traditional ruler. Ask her about her preference for anonymous disposition, Olori Iswat Oluwakemi Adeyanju, wife of the Olororuwo of Ororuwo, Osun State, Oba Qamarudeen Adeyemi Adeyanju… Read full interview Preventing Skin Damage Due To Face Masks With many frontline healthcare workers wearing face masks for much of the day, some are experiencing uncomfortable skin damage. One of the authors of a recent article on the topic offers advice… Read full article Manicure At Home Like An Expert Getting a quality nail art in the comfort of your home is very easy and now is the best time as going to the salon is not an easy option because of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full articel