Since President Muhammadu Buhari signed the Covid-19 Regulations March 30, pursuant to the powers granted him by Sections 3, 4 and 5 of the Quarantine Act of 1926, there has been series of controversies in the country. The refusal of people to obey the orders and stay in their homes has led to brutalisation and harassment by some officers of the Nigerian Army in the name of enforcing Covid-19 regulations. Nigerians need to know that while the government tries to curb the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic, their efforts would be useless if the citizens refuse to obey the quarantine orders regarding the restriction and cessation of movements in the affected areas. Government and non-governmental organisations need to sensitize people on the need to practise social distancing and stay in their homes to help in battling the pandemic. It should be emphasised to the people that when there’s a prescribed offence, there must be prescribed punishments too. The Quarantine Act, which empowers the president to make these regulations, in Section 5, prescribes penalties for any persons contravening the Act to be a sum of N200 or a jail term of six months, at the discretion of the presiding magistrate. The president has, with his Covid-19 regulations, sanctioned the law enforcement agencies with the duty of ensuring strict adherence to the provisions of the said regulation. This should be the responsibility of the police force and it is surprising, albeit not shocking, to find members of the Nigerian Army prowling the streets instead. It should be emphasized that the primary duty of the Nigerian Armed Forces is to follow the constitution, maintain the territorial integrity of Nigeria, defend the country from external aggression, protect the country’s borders, restore order if needed and in cases of insurrection perform any other duties mentioned in the National Assembly’s Act or more importantly in this case, as directed by the president. It is, however, not surprising that some officers of the Nigerian Army seem to have taken this as an opportunity to hone their harassment skills. They have, as usual, failed to exercise their powers constitutionally. Or how else can one explain the inhuman treatment of said offenders by the law enforcement agencies, especially the Nigerian Army? Interestingly, the Nigeria Police seem to be ready to curtail any infringement of human right as shown by the actions of the Inspector-General of police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, who ensured that the group of policemen recently exposed for the brutalization of some traders in Lagos were promptly identified and arrested for prosecution. The authorities need to understand that bullying and harassing citizens only diverts their attention from the urgent need for them to remain in their homes to indignantly going out to prove that they can evade the law enforcement agencies, thereby defeating the aim of the lockdown. The president needs to call off the army and let the police carry out their duties, that too constitutionally. Law enforcement agencies should be ordered to follow due process in accosting and arresting offenders. The law prescribes that offenders be tried in a court presided over by any magistrate and the punishments range from a fine of N200 to a prison term of six months. Rodiyah Omotoyosi Mikail, mikailrodiyah@gmail.com   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story