The Presidential Task Force on the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has said the Federal Government has developed protocols on points of entry for Nigerians clamouring to return from abroad and arrangements have been finalised to bring them home. According to the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, who spoke at the daily media briefing in Abuja on Friday, details of the protocols on points of entry will be unveiled soon. He said: “As you are aware, so many Nigerians are clamouring to return home. While we are finalising arrangements for their evacuation, isolation and testing, I am pleased to inform you that the PTF has developed the protocol on points of entry that will address this development going forward. Details will be unveiled subsequently.” Mustapha also listed factors that will enable Nigeria to claim success in its fight to contain the disease. These include when cases are no longer increasing, when the country has no unknown sources for cases, when deaths are no longer increasing and when more admissions are discharged. He told Nigerians that the only path to achieving these is their full cooperation and compliance to established protocols. While reminding them that the virus has no vaccine, he noted that the fight against COVID-19 is a long term one and therefore reiterated his plea for understanding. According to him, success will mean a return to normalcy and when the listed objectives had been met. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is a long-term effort and we should exercise patience as we gradually walk out of danger, reopen our society and its economic life,” he said. Mustapha recalled that since the PTF was inaugurated on the 17th of March 2020, with the mandate to marshal the national response to the global pandemic, it has taken a lot of measures to ensure that a robust multisectoral national response was developed and implemented. He said: “At the heart of all considerations and action, are the citizens of Nigeria and the president remains deeply concerned about all unintended impact. “The PTF has continued to present daily situation report to Nigerians and we thank you for your involvement and attention. The objective is to engage with you, eliminate misinformation, rumours, fake news and others. “One month down the line, the PTF has worked in close concert with the international community, the private sector and all Nigerians but so much more remain to be accomplished. “As we have always told you, this is a war with a vicious enemy and our goal is to ultimately flatten the curve. “To achieve this ultimate objective therefore, the PTF craves the full understanding and cooperation of Nigerians. “We therefore continue to appeal to all our citizens to obey the orders to stay at home and respect the advisories on personal hygiene, social distancing, report symptoms to the nearest appropriate medical facility, stay at home and go into isolation for the sake of your loved ones and the society. This appeal can never be over-emphasised. “The PTF has been receiving feedback from the public on the challenges and efforts are being intensified to make the palliatives approved by government reach you with ease. “This delivery is being done in close collaboration with the state authorities. Similarly, arrangements to finalise modalities for the expansion of the palliatives are in top gear.” The SGF thanked all public spirited persons and corporate bodies that have voluntarily provided food and other palliatives to the poor, the vulnerable, the sick and the aged, saying that the PTF continues to work with other sectors of government managing the economic, security and other aspects of the national response. On the ongoing restrictions, the PTF chairman explained that the objective is to save the lives of Nigerians from the pandemic and not to cause pains. He added: “The police and other services have launched investigations into the various reports and the Presidential Task Force shall update you when it is concluded.” He also spoke on the rising cases of COVID-19 cases in Kano, saying: “Recent data released by the NCDC has shown a rise in the number of cases in Kano. “The state government has in response to the development imposed a lockdown and curfew in the state. “The PTF will visit the state to evaluate the state of readiness and to guide the authorities in the management of the situation.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story