Bauchi State government has been commended for the proactive stance it has taken so far in its efforts towards curtailing the spread of the deadly coronavirus (COVID-19) among people of the state. The commendation was given by the Bauchi State Accountability Mechanism for Mother Newborn Child Nutrition and Health (MNCH) (BaSAM) during an emergency meeting held by the Advocacy and Knowledge Management & Communications Sub-committee (AKMC) of BaSAM on Wednesday, April 01, 2020, at the Medical and Health Workers Union of Nigeria (MHWUN) Secretariat in Bauchi. In a press release signed by the AKMC Chairman and Secretary Comrade Ladan Isah Dalhatu and Mr David Ayodele respectively, the sub-committee, while applauding the state government’s efforts in curtailing the spread of COVID-19, appealed to the general public to adhere to the measures so far put in place by the state government. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NITDA inaugurates advisory committee to cushion impact on technology The statement which was issued at the end of the meeting further urged the general public to comply with the advice given by Health Professionals through observing personal hygiene and social distancing to safeguard themselves and their loved ones from contracting the virus. The group also admonished women of childbearing age to obey precautionary measures announced by Health Agencies in order to protect the lives of expectant mothers and children against COVID-19 particularly now that children of school age are at home. The AKMC then advocated the State Government as a matter of urgency creates palliative measures to cushion the effects of the lockdown period to ameliorate the sufferings of vulnerable groups. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story