An All Progressive Congress (APC) chieftain in Ogun State, Honourable Abdulkabir Adekunle Akinlade, has complemented the efforts of former governor of the state at cushioning the effect of the ravaging COVID-19 on the people of the state. Amosun, had on Tuesday donated the sum of N25 million to the Ogun State government to combat the COVID-19 outbreak in the state. He also made provisions of foodstuffs to 25,000 households in Ogun state. Following his principal’s footstep, Akinlade released some cash to be given to the aged, party faithful and leaders across the 57 local government and local council development areas of the state. The cash donation is being disbursed by the senatorial and local council coordinators at this time. He noted that this complementary gesture became necessary in order to support Amosun’s efforts in reaching more people across the state and cushion the effect of the lockdown order by the government. Akinlade also implored the good people of Ogun State to adhere to the precautions stipulated by the health and appropriate authorities while advising that they abide strictly by the lockdown order to avoid any issue with security agencies during the policy implementation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story COVID-19: Our New Positive Case Was Infected In Lagos ― Ekiti Govt The Ekiti State government on Thursday disclosed that the latest positive case for the coronavirus pandemic in the state contracted the disease at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on Wednesday announced a new positive case… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE