Taylor Swift, Jennifer Lopez and Oprah Winfrey have joined a global broadcast special telecast, this coming weekend, that will recognise the efforts of workers on the front lines of the coronavirus outbreak, organisers said on Tuesday. The “One World Together at Home” event, a combination of music, comedy and stories from doctors, nurses and grocery workers, also announced an additional six-hour streaming event that will include appearances by major sports stars, including British Formula One racing champion Lewis Hamilton, U.S. women’s World Cup soccer player Megan Rapinoe, World Cup skier Lindsey Vonn and dozens of other singers, actors and social media influencers. The April 18 streaming event will precede the two-hour show to be broadcast across multiple North American and international television networks on Saturday evening in the biggest effort so far to show solidarity with frontline workers. All those taking part in the event, organised by the World Health Organisation (WHO) and advocacy group Global Citizen, will appear remotely due to social distancing and shutdowns aimed at curtailing the spread of the disease that has killed more than 124,000 people worldwide. “Our hope for the special event is that everyone will come away believing that we, as a shared humanity, can emerge from this moment forever grateful for the work of doctors, nurses, teachers, grocery store workers and all those who are the backbone of our communities,’’ Hugh Evans, co-founder and chief executive of Global Citizen, said in a statement. Lady Gaga announced the event last week but it has since expanded dramatically and now includes some of the biggest celebrities in the world, including Celine Dion, Billie Eilish, John Legend, Elton John, Paul McCartney, Chris Martin, Andrea Bocelli and Michael Buble. While the special is not billed as a public fundraiser, it is also aimed at encouraging philanthropists and companies to dig into their pockets and contribute to the WHO’s COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund. Gaga said last week that more than $35 million had been raised from corporations. “When we do air live on April 18th, put your wallets away, your credit cards away, anything away that you need to and sit back and enjoy the show that you all very much deserve,” Gaga told a news conference last week.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE