TO reduce the effect of the Coronavirus Pandemic on Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) amid the lockdown, Guaranty Trust Bank, Africa’s foremost financial institution, has placed a hold on its loan repayment plan for all Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) that have obtained credit facilities from the bank. The news was shared via its social media handle and was captioned thus, “As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, and because small businesses have had to stay closed to stay safe, we’re giving a 90-day moratorium on repayment of the following loans.” The bank explained that the exempted businesses are those in the Food Industry, Fashion Industry, and Quick Credit for businesses would enjoy a moratorium of 90-days on such loans. This means that small businesses in the aforementioned categories have 3-months to continue to pay their loans. With the COVID-19 lockdown order issued by President Muhammadu Buhari with the aim to stop the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic which has disrupted business activities, the nation’s capital, Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States have been badly hit by the effect. GTBank moratorium on loan repayment comes as succour for the small businesses that have been the most affected, as most of them had to shut down their businesses, compared to large corporations whose workers have been working from home.   NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story A Son Like Bello El-Rufai If you want to know how the mind of Kaduna’s first son, Bello el-Rufai works, check his Twitter page, @B_EL-RUFAI. He has two images there. His posts go out with a handsome image of his father’s godfather, Muhammadu Buhari, arching his neck like a model at a lavish photo-shoot. It must be a rare exulting moment for the… Read full story