For decades, powerful Nigerians could ignore the government’s failure to invest adequately in the health-care system by seeking medical treatment abroad. The coronavirus pandemic means they can no longer escape. Since Nigeria identified its first case in late February, President Muhammadu Buhari has responded by closing the borders and imposing a lockdown on two key cities and the state of Ogun, an industrial hub. Commercial flights and private jets have been grounded. Like most African countries, Nigeria is now largely cut off from the world. The pandemic has forced much of Africa’s elite into a unique situation where it’s no longer possible to fly to the U.K., France or India to see a doctor, a practice that’s become commonplace even among the affluent middle class. Buhari was widely criticized for spending more than five months in the U.K. in 2017 for an undisclosed ailment. Last year, Gabon’s president, Ali Bongo, recovered in Morocco from a stroke, while Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe’s former leader, died in a hospital in Singapore. In Nigeria, the coronavirus has so far infected 174 people, including Abba Kyari, Buhari’s chief of staff, a man regarded as the second-most powerful in the country. Four out of 36 state governors and a son of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar have also tested positive. A former senior executive of the state oil company, Suleiman Achimugu, was the first COVID-19 fatality. For decades, powerful Nigerians could ignore the government’s failure to invest adequately in the health-care system by seeking medical treatment abroad. The coronavirus pandemic means they can no longer escape. ALSO READ: COVID-19: NUJ appeals to border communities to support Sokoto govt ‘Total Collapse’ Dozens of senior public officials, including state governors and lawmakers, have gone into isolation. If they get sick, they will have to rely on a weak health system that is at risk of crumbling under the weight of a larger outbreak, according to Francis Faduyile, head of the Nigerian Medical Association, an umbrella group for doctors. “The health system is not strong enough,” Faduyile said by phone from Lagos. “Over the years, it’s been denied normal funding and things are not where they’re supposed to be. If the burden of the coronavirus is added, it may be too heavy; it may actually cause a total collapse.” Among Nigeria’s registered health professionals are 75,000 doctors, 180,709 nurses and 25,000 pharmacists, according to the health ministry. With 0.5% hospital beds per 1,000 people and a population of roughly 200 million, that’s far below thresholds set by the World Health Organization. Only five laboratories are able to test for the virus. Health spending at around 5% of the budget in the past decade falls short of the African Union’s recommended minimum of 15% and has been mostly focused on recurrent spending, with little capital investment made over the years, according to budget, a civil-society group that tracks government expenditure. A National Health Act that came into effect in 2015 and requires that 1% of government revenue is set aside for basic health care has yet to be implemented. Even those numbers may not tell the whole story as officials of the medical association say about half of all registered doctors have emigrated to the U.K., the U.S., Canada, Australia and other parts of the world. While Faduyile said there’s still time for the government to institute large-scale preventative measures, a wider coronavirus outbreak would leave everyone in Africa’s most populous country — the rich, the poor and the middle class — scrambling for service in poorly equipped hospitals. “It’s going to be a lesson for those who think they can neglect the health system,” Faduyile said. “The highest of the government officials, some of them will be infected, and they’ll have no option but to get local treatment. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation Worshippers at Agege Central Mosque who on Wednesday allegedly attacked agents of Lagos State government, enforcing the on-going presidential lockdown, have been roundly condemned by senior government officials. The alleged infraction has also been widely condemned on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Residents Raise Questions As Makinde Says Total Lockdown Last Resort •As state allocates N500million for testing kits, receives N100 million from donors With the number of COVID-19 cases in neighbouring Osun State rising to 14, residents of Oyo State have begun to raise questions about Governor Seyi Makinde’s stance to only subscribe to a total lockdown of the state as a last resort. Making reference to the fact that the positive COVID-19 cases were returnees from… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: Presidency Attacks Soyinka, Says He Is Fiction Writer, Not Medical Professor The presidency, on Wednesday, attackedd Nobel laureate, Prof Wole Soyinka, over his stance against the 14-day lockdown ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari, saying that he is not an expert in that area. A statement issued by Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), Garba Shehu, in Abuja, observed… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (2) LAST week, I commenced a discussion on the concept of traditional rulership in the pre-colonial and colonial Nigeria, the legitimacy of, and the socio-economic cum political weight of traditional rulers and the dwindled relevance of monarchs and traditional chiefs in the colonial political domain… Read full article Our Plants Are Enough To Permanently Cure Coronavirus —Adeniji The problem of coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, is escalating every day. Here in Oyo State, Governor Seyi Makinde tested positive. As a renowned plant pathologist with over 50 years experience, what… Read full interview Expect Locally Made COVID-19 Test Kit Soon —Salako, NIMR, DG There is still much for medical experts to learn about COVID-19 and its challenges. In this interview by SADE OGUNTOLA, director-general, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Lagos, Professor Babatunde Salako, speaks on what the institution is doing in its fight against the pandemic… Read the full interview Enhancing Emotional Well-Being Of Children During COVID-19 MUSA and Obinna are both 10-year-old and good friends who live in the same neighbourhood. They were about writing the second term exams in school when schools were shut and they were sent home, all because … Read full article EDITORIAL: FG’s Restriction On Press Corps TWO distinct things that happened in quick succession in the country recently signalled the continued threat to press freedom and the survival of the media in Nigeria. One was the action by the Presidency in restricting the number of media houses covering Aso Rock. The second was the disruption by soldiers of the circulation… Read full article