THE report that there are 300 Nigerians awaiting evacuation from the Guangzhou province of China is one which should make the blood of every patriotic Nigerian boil. According to the Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO), the Nigerians consisting of business women and men are currently starving, having run out of funds to pay for their hotel accommodation and feeding. These are just a tiny fraction of the over 2,000 Nigerians in various parts of the world seeking to return home as the social and economic corollaries of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic bite harder. Since the onset of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the countries of the world have been making strenuous efforts not only to protect their citizens at home but also to evacuate those abroad. Truth be told, it is in difficult times like this that citizens come to depend solely on the weight that their countries can pull in ensuring their safety anywhere in the world. Unfortunately, the Nigerians stranded abroad due to the fallout of the coronavirus pandemic may have a long wait ahead of them as the country drags its feet in bringing them home, leaving them in the lurch. Before now, the French, American, Canadian and British governments, among others, had made arrangements to evacuate their citizens stranded abroad. But this has predictably not been the case with Nigeria, even though the media has been inundated with the distress calls of Nigerians, especially those in China, asking to be brought home. Nigerians, like other Africans, have been subjected to subhuman treatments by the Chinese authorities and the hullabaloo which this generated in the media is yet to abate. Africans, regardless of the legitimacy of their stay in China, have suffered untold harassment from law enforcement agents and private citizens in the country. Many had used up all the funds they had on them as their stay became extended due to the lockdown implemented in most countries of the world, leading to a virtual shutdown of the air space. A Nigerian in Wuhan, the epicentre of the coronavirus pandemic, Ayodeji Adetunji, was reported to have lamented: “The mood here is fast turning into frustration, helplessness and despondency because of our failure to receive diplomatic support to be evacuated. The lockdown has led to the closure of all commercial means (rail, road and air) to leave the city. The Chinese authorities through communications to the foreign community in the city have asked us to contact our embassies if we choose to leave.” Happily, the Nigerian government has signalled its readiness to evacuate the fellow compatriots. It has however attached certain conditions to the move which we find disturbing and unpatriotic. For instance, according to a release from the High Commission of Nigeria, New Delhi, India, signed by one Horsfall Jacob Atannu and dated April 20: “The Federal Government of Nigeria is in the process of finalising adequate arrangement with local airlines in Nigeria for the evacuation of stranded Nigerians from different countries. The evacuation will be done in batches and the different phases with their dates will be communicated in due course. The list of those interested will be drawn giving priority to immigration status, including short stay visit with evidence of a return ticket and aged persons. Individuals will be responsible for the full payment of their one-way tickets to Nigeria. Every traveller is expected to undergo 14-day mandatory quarantine on arrival in Nigeria at a location to be provided by the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control either in Abuja or Lagos. Every traveller is expected to pay for their quarantine, isolation or accommodation before their arrival in Nigeria, and every traveller on the flight is expected to be tested for COVID-19 on arrival in Nigeria.” While we have no problem with the requirement for a 14-day quarantine of the returnees upon arrival, we are alarmed by the fact that they have to pay for practically everything except the test. Over time, the government has spoken of its desire for Nigerians to be patriotic citizens, but it has often failed to fulfill its own part of the bargain. At the risk of being repetitive, we affirm that it is how the country stands up for its citizens in times of need such as this that challenges them to reciprocate the gesture. Many of the citizens seeking to return home are out there in the world on very legitimate businesses that have added value to the country’s economy. On the other hand, some travelled abroad to seek medical succour which was not available in the country due to the lack of requisite equipment and facilities which are sine qua non in sane societies. If the government failed in making life comfortable to the extent that citizens had to make private arrangements, must it also abandon them at crucial times when no one else can offer them a reprieve? According to the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), as of April 23, the country’s Private Sector Coalition Against Covid-19 (CACOVID) had raised about N27.160bn to help fight the pandemic. The government must put corruption in abeyance and put the money to good use. It must bring the Nigerians stranded abroad home without delay. This is the only way to demonstrate to the citizenry at this moment that Nigeria has a responsible government in place.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Islamic Teacher Who Keeps Over 500 Almajiri Girls And Boys Together Inside Mud House Arrested
An Islamic teacher who allegedly keeps over 500 boys and girls as almajiri in Zaria, Kaduna State, has been arrested and is currently being interrogated by the police. This was disclosed by the state Commissioner for Human Development and Social Services, Hajiya Hafsat Baba, while speaking with newsmen in Kaduna on Tuesday… Read full story COVID-19: First Set Of Nigerians Abroad To Be Evacuated On Monday ― Foreign Affairs Minister
After several weeks of disappointment, the first set of Nigerians abroad anxious to return to the country would be evacuated by next Monday. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama made the disclosure on Tuesday at the weekly PTF briefing on COVID-19… Read full story IG Orders Deployment Of Four CPs To Adamawa, Imo, Plateau, Abuja
The Inspector-General of Police (IG), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the posting of four Commissioners of Police (CPs) to states and police formation. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), DCP Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19: Sokoto Records Three Deaths As Cases Hit 19
Sokoto State governor, Aminu Tambuwal has announced that three persons have died in the state as a result of coronavirus (COVID-19). The governor also disclosed that nine persons who had contact with the second confirmed COVID-19 patient in the state have also tested positive… Read full story Constitution Review: How Far With NASS Ad Hoc Committee?
The ninth National Assembly has elected to undertake a review of the 1999 Constitution (as ammended) with a view to aligning its various provisions to contemporary political and economical concerns observed by Nigerians from all walks of life. As at the last count, there were over 40 bills seeking alteration of various sections of the constitution… Read full story EDITORIAL: When Will The Chibok Girls Return?
ON April 14, the country marked the sixth anniversary of the abduction of 276 female students of Government Secondary School, Chibok, Borno State, by Boko Haram terrorists. Since the terrorists invaded the school hostel and abducted the girls on April 14, 2014, the nation has been ill at ease; it has been a case… Read full story Coronavirus: Ford To Lose $5 Billion In Second Quarter 
Ford Motor Co (F.N) said on Tuesday its second-quarter loss will more than double to $5 billion from $2 billion in the first quarter due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, but said despite the ongoing crisis it has enough money to last for the remainder of 2020, Reuters reports… Read full story Israel Pledges To Strengthen Bilateral Cooperation With Nigeria
The Embassy of Israel in Nigeria has pledged to strengthen the bilateral cooperation shared between Israel and Nigeria. The Deputy Head of Israeli Mission to Nigeria, Mr Yotam Kreiman, said this in a statement to commemorate the 72nd Independence Anniversary celebration of Israel… Read full story COVID-19 Pandemic: CUPP Hails Buhari Over Total Lockdown Of Kano
Nigerian opposition parties under the umbrella of Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) on Tuesday commended President Muhammadu Buhari for ordering the total lockdown of Kano State over the ravaging deadly coronavirus pandemic in the state as earlier demanded by the coalition… Read full story COVID-19: IMF Approves $3.4bn Emergency Support For Nigeria
The executive board of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), on Tuesday, approved $3.4 billion in emergency financial assistance for Nigeria under the Rapid Financing Instrument (RFI) to enable the country meet the urgent balance of payment needs stemming from the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: IMF Approves $3.4bn Emergency Support For Nigeria
The executive board of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), on Tuesday, approved $3.4 billion in emergency financial assistance for Nigeria under the Rapid Financing Instrument (RFI) to enable the country meet the urgent balance of payment needs stemming from the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING