Governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have joined other eminent Nigerians to express shock over the demise of the former Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari. The forum of Progressives Governors Forum in a statement signed by Kebbi State governor and Chairman of the Forum, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu described Abba Kyari’s death as a great loss to Nigeria, particularly the progressives community. The governors further enjoined Nigerians to support the Federal Government in its crusade against the pandemic, COVID-19 by adhering to the precautionary measure of social distancing. The statement read in part: “We received the death of Mallam Abba Kyari with heavy heart and gratitude to Allah (SWT) for a life well blessed. “We, the Progressive Governors Forum (PGF), join the family, President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR and the nation to pray for the repose of the soul of our dear and beloved Mallam Abba Kyari. ALSO READ:  Ekiti, Benue, Borno, Bauchi, Plateau govs, others mourn Abba Kyari “His death is a loss to the nation and the Nigerian progressive community. “We pray to God Almighty to grant the family the fortitude to bear this heavy loss. May Allah reward all the good work of Mallam Abba, forgive his limitations and bless what he left behind. “The death of Mallam Abba is a further call on all Nigerians to be united in the fight against the spread of Covid-19. As Progressive Governors, we, on this sad day, hereby re-affirm our unconditional support to the laudable initiatives of the President Buhari-led Federal Government. “We call on all Nigerians, irrespective of our political, religious, ethnic, social status or any other differences, to support the Federal Government in the fight against this deadly virus. “We also call on all Nigerians to observe all the social distancing measures and stay safe as we salute all our frontline medical personnel under the leadership of our Federal Ministry of Health and National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). “May God continue to guide our country and the world to succeed to bring to an immediate end this world pandemic. May the soul of Mallam Abba Kyari rest in peace!” In his condolence message, Senator representing Borno South and Chairman Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume, described Malam Kyari’s death as someone whose wise counsel would be missed. He added that the loss of Malam Kyari, who died in active service was a national tragedy and his innumerable contribution to nation-building, will always be remembered. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE