President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has joined other Nigerians to express concern over reported killings of Nigerians by security agents deployed to enforce the Federal Government directive on national lockdown to combat the coronavirus pandemic. The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has recently revealed that about 18 Nigerians have been killed by security agents who claimed to be enforcing the directive on the lockdown. Reacting to the disclosure by the NHRC, Lawan said he was saddened by the alleged high-handedness of the security officers saddled with the responsibility of enforcing the stay-at-home directives. The Senate President said that extrajudicial killings, in whatever guise, should be discouraged in the society. He called for a thorough investigation of the cases and that those indicted be promptly brought to account. “Life is sacred. It is a tragedy that those asked to enforce compliance with emergency measures adopted for public safety are now being accused of responsibility for needless and totally avoidable deaths of citizens,” he said. He insisted that “any officer found culpable of unprofessional use of weapons should as a standard practice be made to face prosecution.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: New York Residents To Stay At Home Till May 15 As Death Toll Hits 12,000 New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, on Thursday extended the state’s shutdown to stem the spread of coronavirus until May 15… Read full story