Nigerian Troops have rescued 21 kidnapped victims at different operations carried out in fresh assaults launched against insurgents in Zamfara and Niger States respectively. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Sunday by the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Defence Headquarters, Major General John Enenche. The statement indicated that the first operation was carried out by the Troop of Operation HADARIN DAJI in Zamfara State in a ground and air operation closed up on bandits in a subsidiary operation called Operation CHINGABA along Maru-Dansadau axis. ALSO READ: Police arrest 94 in Lagos over attacks on residents According to the statement, during the operation, 9 bandits were neutralized, while 10 men,4 women and 4 minors who were kidnapped by the bandits were rescued. It added that in a similar development, following credible information, troops on Saturday in a sting operation at Isah Road close to Sarwa Village in Isah Local Government Area of Sokoto State arrested a gun runner known as Alhaji at the point of collection his men in ambush opened fire on troops and was neutralized while his men fled with various degrees of gunshot wounds. The Troops reportedly recovered One GPMG PKT, 140 rounds of 12.7mm, 53 blank ammunition and One motorcycle from the bandits According to the statement, in the same vein on the same day, troops of FOB Dangulbi and Dansadau at a blocking force at Gobirawa made contact with bandits forcing them to withdraw in disarray. Consequently, troops pursued and neutralized one bandit, recovered one AK 47 rifle, three 7.62mm special ammunition, water jet explosives, 2 inches Det 33 cable for IED and One motorcycle. It further added that following the sustained action on the bandits in Mutunj and Dansadau in Maru LGA over the weekend, the Village Head of Mutumji handed over one AK 47 rifle captured from bandits to troops at FOB Dansadau. In another operation, Troops of 31 Artillery Brigade on Saturday while on Mop-up operation to clear bandits at Dogon Gona Forest general area of Niger State rescued 7 kidnapped victims. According to the statement, “the victims who were abandoned by the bandits after fierce battle encounter were said to have been kidnapped in March and taken to an unknown destination. “Following an interrogation after a successful rescue operation, the Village Head of Madaki confirmed that the victims were natives of Roro Village of Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State”. Also, it added that in in a related development, Troops of 31 Artillery Brigade on the same day at Kontokoro Village while on clearance operation engaged bandits in a gun duel while the operation led to the neutralization of several bandits and some escaped with gunshot wounds. The Armed Forces of Nigeria promised to continue to solicit for timely and credible information for the enhancement of its operations, the statement assured. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE