Governor Umar Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has called the Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to come to the rescue of the state in its fight against the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The governor lamented that the state was over-stretched and required urgent support from the central government. He said, “Despite our population with less economic power than Lagos State, which is economically viable, the Federal Government didn’t give any support while our positive cases continue to rise.” He made the call while receiving the Director-General of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Chikwe Ihekweazu, who visited Kano. Ganduje said the state needed more testing and Isolation centres. However, the NCDC has reiterated its commitment to support collaborative efforts with state governments across the nation in fighting the global pandemic. Ihekweazu maintained that he was in Kano to assess the actual situation on ground regarding the COVID-19 pandemic in the state and measures embarked on by the state government to address the issue. He added that NCDC would design modalities to support Kano State to overcome the spread of the virus in the state. Ihekweazu said the NCDC was working assiduously in ensuring that the challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic was curtailed nationwide. Meanwhile, chairman, Kano State Taskforce Committee on COVID-19 Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna has advised people in the state to shun the habit of spreading rumours on COVID-19 which he said, undermines the collective effort of averting the spread of the disease. This was contained in a statement signed and issued by Hassan Musa Fagge, chief press secretary to deputy governor Kano State. Dr Gawuna explained that such false information did not in any way contribute to the success being recorded in the fight against the virus in the State. Dr Gawuna revealed that his committee and other health personnel were doing their possible best to bring an end of the pandemic. Thus, there is utmost need for people to give their necessary support and cooperation to address the situation instead of spreading false information. “As it is well known, some of us must come out and sacrifice in discharging our professional duties to fight against the spread of the disease. So under any circumstances, we will continue to do the needful, and for those who became infected in this process, ours is to pray for their quick recovery,” Gawuna advised. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General, Is Dead Chief Richard Akinjide, Second Republic Attorney General and Minister of Justice is dead. He died on Tuesday morning at the University College Hospital of old age-related ailment. He was aged 88. According to a source close to the family, the remains of the legal luminary has been deposited at a morgue… Read full story FG Extends Closure Of Airports By Two Weeks Nigeria’s government has extended the closure of airports in the country by two weeks due to what it called the continuous spread of the… Read full story Six Nature Facts Related To Coronaviruses DID you know that around 60 per cent of all infectious diseases in humans are zoonotic, as are 75 per cent of all emerging infectious diseases, in other words they come to us via animals? Zoonoses that emerged or re-emerged recently are Ebola, bird flu, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), the Nipah virus… Read full story COVID-19 Responses Must Be Built On Human Solidarity — ILO Tells World Bank, IMF The Director-General of the International Labour Organization (ILO), Guy Ryder, has called for an immediate human-centred response through global solidarity to the COVID-19 pandemic. In his submissions to the Spring Meetings of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank (WB), the ILO Director-General… Read full story Abia Confirms Two Cases Of Coronavirus Abia State Government has recorded two confirmed cases of coronavirus. This is the first index case the state is recording since the novel coronavirus was first confirmed in Nigeria. In a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, on Monday night, said both patients are advanced… Read full story EDITORIAL: Lockdown: FG/Rivers Tango Over Caverton Helicopters Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, recently ordered the arrest of two pilots of Caverton Helicopters and 10 passengers. The arrest was made because Caverton Helicopters had on more than one occasion allegedly violated the governor’s executive order on the ongoing coronavirus lockdown in the state… Read full story Covid-19 And Challenges Of Virtual Learning THE global world woke up to a pandemic, Corona Virus, popularly labeled as COVID-19, late December, 2019 in a community of Chinese people in Wuhan. While there are different narratives as regards the emergence and causes of the pandemic, the loss in human fatality, economic recession, socio-psychological… Read full story UNICEF, IHS Towers Join Forces To Support Nigeria’s COVID-19 Response UNICEF, the United Nations Children’s Fund, has accepted a $170,000 contribution from IHS Nigeria, the largest subsidiary of IHS Towers. This contribution, according to a statement, is to directly support the provision of medical essentials such as test kits and personal protective equipment (PPEs), which will… Read full story Young Workers Will Be Hit Hard By COVID-19’S Economic Fallout — ILO The International Labour Organization (ILO), said young people will be hit very hard by the economic fallout of the COVID-19 crisis; and gave reasons why the pandemic will particularly have severe impact on the youth. “The COVID-19 emergency is affecting almost everyone in the world, regardless of age, income or country… Read full story 5G Tech Has Great Potentials, No Health Hazard —NIEEE THE Nigerian Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (NIEEE), has said that the 5G technology has potentials to accelerate global industrial and environmental advancement without health implications.Mr Kings Adeyemi, NIEEE’s National Chairman, said in a statement in Lagos, recently, that the evolution of every stage from… Read full story Renewed Herdsmen Killings: Ortom Directs Recruitment Of More Livestock Guards Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has directed the 23 Local Government Council Chairmen in the state to commence the recruitment of new members for the state Livestock Guards to shore up the enforcement of the state’s open grazing prohibition law… Read full story Atiku, The Oxygen In PDP Lung THE Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has no better option than former Vice President and the Waziri Adamawa, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, as its presidential flag-bearer in 2023. As oxygen is needed to burn the fuel (sugars and fatty acids) in our cells to produce energy, Atiku is also the only political juggernaut who can crush the… Read full story COVID-19: Farmers Express Worry Over Looming Food Crisis With the growing frustrations occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic and the lockdown in various states within the south-west region, farmers are registering their fear of a looming food crisis. In Lagos State, farmers have warned that unless appropriate steps are taken by the states and Federal Government… Read full story Why We Must Encourage Our Subjects To Adhere To Govt’s Directives —Oba Makama An important festival which all sons and daughters of Kuta in Ayedire Local Government Council of Osun State yearly look forward to is Anlugbua during which they reunite in remembrance of the progenitor of their town. Despite the unpredictable wave of the Coronavirus, the Olowu of Kuta, Oba Adekunle Oyelude… Read full story