Renowned legal practitioner, Lateef Fagbemi (SAN), has donated the sum of five million to the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Ibadan branch, to be distributed to 250 young lawyers of Ibadan Bar with one to seven years post-call at the rate of N20, 000 each. The donation from Fagbemi is to assist the young lawyers during the stay-at-home period that the government ordered in order to allow it effectively tame the scourge of the coronavirus. The Ibadan Bar had captured the names of 240 young lawyers within the one to seven years post-call range to benefit from the goodwill of the senior advocate but he had added extra to cover 10 extra young lawyers. Fagbemi in a letter to the Bar had stated that the stay-at-home order will pose a challenge for young lawyers and expressed his wish that the bar credits all beneficiaries before the week runs out as he has paid the sum of five million into the NBA welfare fund account domiciled with Access Bank Plc with number 0717526149, to serve as relief package to the Ibadan Young Lawyers Forum. “Everybody is aware that the government has ordered citizens to stay at home during this trying period of our national life in order to tame the scourge of the nuisance called coronavirus otherwise called COVID-19. “While one appreciates the efforts of the government to contain this pandemic disease, one cannot shy away from or gloss over the challenge of hardship posed to our junior colleagues as a result of the lockdown. “It is against this that I decided to give a token of five million naira (N5,000,000) to be shared among 250 young lawyers (1-7 years post-call) of Ibadan Bar, at a flat/share rate of twenty thousand naira (N20, 0000) to each member in this age bracket. This is an increase of about 10 above the 240 captured in the estimate you sent to me,” Fagbemi said in his letter to the Ibadan Bar of the NBA. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING I Consumed Carrots, Vitamin C, Blackseed Oil With Honey To Fight Coronavirus, Says Makinde •I’ll ensure no Oyo citizen dies from COVID-19 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has disclosed what he did in isolation in order to become negative of the coronavirus… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Govt Rejects Chinese Doctors Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus(COVID-19) pandemic… Read full story Nine Months After, Suspected Killers Of Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter, Land In Police Net After nine months after she was murdered , the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ondo State Police Command has arrested four suspects in… Read full story COVID-19: Fake Chloroquine 250mg Tablets Now In Circulation, NAFDAC Warns The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Monday alerted Nigerians on the circulation of fake chloroquine… Read full story FG Declares Friday, Monday As Public Holidays To Mark Easter Celebration The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 10 and Monday, April 13 as public holidays to mark the 2020 Easter celebration… Read full story No Going Back On Inviting Chinese Doctors, But They Won’t Have Contacts With Patients, Says FG Despite opposing the idea by many Nigerians, including the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and the Nigerian Association of Resident… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos Ready To Accept Chinese Molecular Biologists, Logisticians, Not Doctors — Prof. Abayomi Lagos State government on Monday said it is not expecting any Chinese doctors for support to tackle its Coronavirus pandemic, disclosing that… Read full story COVID-19: Chinese Doctors Must Be Quarantined For 14 Days, Follow Immigration Laws ? Gbajabiamila The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday said that Chinese doctors coming to Nigeria to assist in… Read full story FG, States, Councils To Share $150m From Stabilisation Fund • As states get debt, interest moratorium FG, CBN loans With monthly federation account receipts projected to fall below N400 billion because of coronavirus pandemic and fallen price of crude oil… Read full story Inside 56-Year-Old Ogbomoso Waterworks Begging For Government Attention On October 10, 1964, almost 56 years ago, the then Premier of the old Western Region, Chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola, inaugurated the Ogbomoso Waterworks Project on Yaku land in Ogbomoso North Local Government Area of Oyo State. The project, as one of the legacies of the old Western Region, greatly served… Read full article African Development Bank Gets Acting Director Of Communication And External Relations The African Development Bank Group has announced the appointment of Mrs. Nafissatou N’diaye Diouf as the acting Director for Communications and External Relations effective 1 April 2020… Read full story