Nigeria must break the chain of the spread of COVID-19 in the country to avert the likely scenario of being the next epicentre of the pandemic due to her large population size. Dr Vincent Isegbe, Director-General, Nigeria Agricultural Quarantine Service (NAQS) gave the advice in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja by Dr Chigozie Nwodo, Head of Media, Communications and Strategies of the service. Isegbe said, ‘’If there is one salient lesson that has emerged from the transmission pattern of this plague so far, it is that breaking the chain of spread is the most economical and sensible approach to containing the contagion. ‘’As a collective, it would be far cheaper for all Nigerians to make the sacrifice to hibernate for a while than for us to throw caution to the wind and walk with our eyes open into a monstrous public health crisis that we cannot recover from soon. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Report law enforcement agencies violating human rights, NHRC tells Nigerians “Staying indoors is a reasonable trade-off to enabling the escalation of the attack rate of the virus,”. The NAQS boss affirmed that if Nigerians would heed the directive of the Federal Government and the recommendation of the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) the country would have a relatively manageable caseload to contend with. He noted that the Federal Government and NCDC have directed the populace to stay indoors and venture out only to purchase essential commodities like food and medicine where it is absolutely necessary. According to him, it is always easier and faster to flatten the curve if the number of infected is low. Isegbe identified COVID-19 as the most perplexing public health challenge that the world has experienced in the last 100 years. “It has overwhelmed the healthcare system of the most developed countries in the world. “Nigeria happens to be a very populous country and we need not overwhelm the health facilities and personnel. “We encourage you, therefore, to stay at home, indoors and refrain from visiting anyone, not even within the neighbourhood “, Isegbe said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story COVID-19: FG To Reach 11m Nigerians With Palliatives About 11 million Nigerians are to benefit from the Federal Government’s palliatives to help them to mitigate the adverse effects of the measures imposed to curb the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. A member of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Minister of Humanitarian Affairs… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari Gives NCDC Two Weeks To Locate 5,000 Contacts President Muhammadu Buhari has given the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) two weeks to effectively locate about 5,000 contacts of COVID-19 across the country.  The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 also revealed on Tuesday that Nigeria is very short of ventilators required for the treatment and handling… Read full story COVID-19: How We Have Been Coping With Lockdown, Nigerian Women Speak Dupe Ajisegbede, CEO Dimples Fasion Et al: My strategy is to work from home. My husband had decided that the kids were not going out at all in this season, but because we are aware that children have a short attention span, we agreed to take them out shopping with us for food items, on the condition that they won’t come out… Read full story Can Your Marriage Survive The Coronavirus? CNN recently disclose few ways married people could survive this period of social distancing. While speaking with several Licensed Marriage and Family Therapists, clinical psychologists and married people about how to make sure marriage isn’t a casualty of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full story Europe’s COVID-19 Crisis And IMF’s Response COVID-19 has struck Europe with stunning ferocity. While we do not know how long the crisis will last, we know that the economic impact will be severe. In Europe’s major economies, nonessential services closed by government decree account for about one-third of output. This means that each month these sectors remain… Read full article The APC Unending Cold War Former Lagos State governor and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Bola Tinubu, in his metaphorical allusion to the leadership tussle rocking his party, likened it to a virus. In an open letter on the eve of the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting which was eventually aborted… Read full article NIGERIAN TRIBUNE