The Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment has expressed worry over the alleged extortion and delay of legitimately certified transporters by men of the Nigerian Police, Military and other security operatives across the nation. Speaking in Abuja while receiving a brief from the Emergency Operation Center (EOC), the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Nasir Sani Garzo said the actions of the security men have caused huge obstacle in the free-flow of the delivery of foods and essential commodities across the country to alleviate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. According to a statement made available to the media by the EOC of the ministry, Garzo stated that the matter had been reported to the appropriate authorities. “It is very unfortunate that despite the intervention, extortion by the police and that of the military and other security still persist.” “This is a great blow to the noble directive of the President for a free-flow and unhindered movement of Essential Commodity across the country, but we will not stop until the situation is addressed,” he said. The Emergency Operation Centre of the ministry has so far received a total of fifty-five cases across the country, fifty-four of which have been resolved at the level of the Committee. ALSO READ: COVID-19: FAO, AU declare support for access to food, nutrition in Africa Sixty-eight percent of these interventions are logistics-related, and about twenty percent are market Intelligence issues where supply and demand were pair to keep the production afloat while other requests had to do with direct manufacturing operations and some requests were retail-related. COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE