Ekiti State government has begun the move to decongest the Ado-Ekiti correctional centre, as part of the measures adopted to curtail the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. This was disclosed by the state’s Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Olawale Fapohunda today in Ado-Ekiti. According to him, “The governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has directed that the Ministry of Justice immediately convene a meeting of the Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy, with a view to identifying prisoners who may benefit from immediate release from the Ado Ekiti Correctional Center. “Mr governor is concerned about the possible impact of COVID-19 in Ado Ekiti  correctional centre.  He has therefore directed that additional measures be taken to decongest the facility.” ALSO READ: {ANALYSIS} How Coronavirus exposed the failings of Nigeria’s healthcare system Fapohunda said that persons in detention are particularly vulnerable to the COVID-19 outbreak. That these measures will not only help protect the prisoners, but also the staff of the correctional centre, lawyers and others who provide support to the facility. “The Ministry of Justice will compile a list of identified prisoners for the consideration of the meeting of the  Advisory Council of the prerogative of Mercy slated for Wednesday, 15 April 2020.  We will focus on prisoners on pre-trial detention for minor or low-risk offences,” he said. The Attorney General further stated that in order to ensure that no deserving prisoner is left behind, the Ministry of Justice will seek the collaboration of the three branches of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) in the State, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Legal Aid Council as well as Civil Society organisations working on prisoners rights. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Don’t Relax Too Soon, We’re Not Out Of The Woods Yet, Adeboye Warns With positive cases of Covid-19 rising by the day across the globe, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has warned against carelessness in the… Read full story COVID-19: China Denies Maltreatment Of Africans •Says mutual cooperation will destroy pandemic For the second time in less than one week, the Republic of China has again restated its commitment to warm relationship with African countries. Zhao Lijian’s, its Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks in a statement issued last night in Abuja, against the background of alleged discriminatory practises against… Read full story