The efforts of the Hope Uzodimma-led Government of Imo State at alleviating the hardship on the citizenry, brought about by the current coronavirus pandemic, received a major boost today, as a Chinese company, China Railway Beijing Engineering’s Nigeria Limited, donated food items, sanitizers and other Limited, donated food items, sanitizers and other items valued at over N10m, to the state government. The items are for inward distributions to Imo citizens as part of the company’s social responsibility contributions as palliatives to ameliorate the sufferings of the populace due to the lockdown imposed to check the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic. Mr Tan Dwen, the company’s Business Manager, who represented the Managing Director, Mr Fang Baixi, handed over the items, at Imo International Conference Centre (IICC), Owerri on Saturday, to Chief C.O.C Akaolisa, the State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, who represented the Governor, Senator Hope Uzodinma. ALSO READ: COVID-19: 10 out of remaining 17 returnees from Cote d’Ivoire discharged after testing negative in Osun Baixi pointed out that his organization is disturbed by the hardship people, especially those in the rural areas, would have to go through in these trying times. This is even as he noted that the lockdown was a necessity strategy to avert the spread of the deadly virus disease. He enjoined the state government to ensure equitable distribution of the items especially to the widows, widowers, vunerable persons and the poorest of the poor, so as to alleviate their sufferings during this period of total lockdown. Earlier, Mr Festus Mbisiogu of Shanghai Engineering Works, who facilitated both the company’s visit to Nigeria and the donations, expressed gratitude to the company for their labour of love and assured of the commitment of the company to partner with the state government in her vision and mission of transforming the state to greater heights. Responding, the Governor’s representative thanked the company for remembering the state at this time of need and prayed for God’s abundant blessings to be up on them. While advising them not to relent in their philantropic gestures, he also assured them of informing the state Governor of their visit and the donations as well as ensuring that the masses are given the items as directed. Among the dignitaries who witnessed the presentations are Barr. Nnamdi Anyaehie, Chief of Staff to Imo State Government, Hon. Osita Nwaneri, Staff to Imo State Government, Hon. Osita Nwaneri, the Personal Assistant to the Governor on Special Duties, Mr Charles Uzodinma and Obioma Okwara, the General Manager and Chief Protocol Officer respectively of Shanghai Engineering Works Nigeria