Immediately news broke that there would be a total lockdown in Kwara State, citizens have been showing their concern over the new order by the state government. A walk down the street fed my ears with lots of banter in what we can call the people’s opinions on the total lockdown enacted by the state government. Aside from ‘Covidiots’, self-illusioned theorists and political noise makers, finding all necessary conspiracy theories to debunk the existence of Covid-19 in Nigeria or claiming the pandemic was caused by the 5G network, the effects of Covid-19 is on everyone’s lips, old or young; strong or weak; able or disabled; unemployed or employed Kwarans trying to lend their voices on how government can be prepared for the aftermath of total lockdown. How about those who are not financially ready for the total lockdown? People are still going about their daily businesses in some parts of the state. These people won’t have the capacity to feed their families if they don’t go out in a day. These people understand how important staying at home is to their health and how important to stay healthy and Coronavirus-free but are concerned about hunger-virus. Nigeria is Africa’s wealthiest, most populous African nation with its fastest-growing economy. Despite this, more than half of the country live below the poverty line and the northern region of the country suffers the world’s third-highest level of chronic under-nutrition among children due to the insecurity that plagues the region. It has been noted that about 5.1 million Nigerians are malnourished in a country where Kwara is a state. Let’s think about the number of malnourished Kwarans before the novel coronavirus and the numbers during the outbreak and aftermath of the outbreak. The state government should note that hunger-virus can decimate all the plans and goodwill this administration might have for the masses if the outbreak of hunger is not well managed at this period. Increase in crime rates, loss of lives and properties can be averted by the state government only if the palliative relief meant for the masses is not shared within the kitchen members of the government. The committee overseeing the distribution of the relief should be fair enough. Kwarans are one; there shouldn’t be fair treatment for your family above the needy languishing in abject poverty. Know those who really need and deserve this relief and let it get to them at the appropriate time. Kwarans should brace up for times ahead. Covid-19 is a reality and we must not give it a chance and turn our state to the epicentre of the virus. We should believe this is one of the hard moments life promised and we must live to win and celebrate later. Abdulwahab Tajudeen, Ilorin  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story