Amid marginal rebound in crude oil prices, given the news that OPEC plus cuts could reach 10 million barrel per day, equities market on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), rebounded by 1.37 per cent Week-on-Week (WoW), resulting in increase of the All Share Index (ASI) to 21,384.03 points. Given the renewed bullish activity, especially on the banking stocks, most of the sub-sector gauges closed in green: the NSE Banking, the NSE Consumer Goods and the NSE Insurance indices rose by 12.39 per cent, 6.50 per cent and 0.18 per cent respectively to 263.53 points, 334.59 points and 117.98 points respectively. However, the NSE Industrial and the NSE Oil/Gas indices plummeted by 6.59 per cent and 4.76 per cent to 960.57 points 206.11 points. Specifically, bargain hunting across MTN Nigeria  (+3.3 per cent), WAPCO (+41.3 per cent) and tier 1 banking tickers drove the market to its first weekly gain for four weeks. The All-Share Index gained 1.4 per cent w/w, to settle at 21,384.03 points. Thus, the Month-To-Date (MtD) return turned positive to +1.34 per cent, while the Year-To-Date (YtD) loss moderated to -20.3 per cent. Market activity was upbeat during the week under review, as investors scrambled for the cheap banking shares; hence, transaction volumes and Naira votes surged by 59.05 per cent and 76.90 per cent to 2.44 billion shares and N19.93 billion respectively. However, total deals moderated by 0.05 per cent to 18,918 deals. However, analysts believe that despite the market closing positive this week, risks remained on the horizon, given the rising cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria. More so, the base case is for the FGN to extend the presently instituted lockdown in Lagos, Abuja, and Ogun, by another one week. Thus, investors are advised to trade cautiously, taking positions in fundamentally justified stocks.  Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE