“I am hooked in this relationship. Before I could call Jack Robinson, she swept me off my feet by two things: respect and admiration. Her eyes, touches, expressions, looks, demeanour, and voice spoke it. I felt human for once after many years of being married. If only my wife knows how much these respect and admiration means to me, she would have done all within her power to give them to me. But she was too naive to realise it. But, with this my guilty partner in extra marital affairs, there was no end to how much respect and admiration I get from her. She makes me feel like I am a king to be worshipped. With her, there is no dull or stressful moment. All that I get is peace of mind. So, I find in her a therapy for long life. If only for that, I will stay hooked with her for life. I cannot come and die at an early age, or better stated, before my time. Are you asking “do you know when it is your time?” No, I don’t know, but I am persuaded that, with the way I feel whenever I am with her, or talk to her, I will die well, and at the right time- my time. But I cannot say the same about my wife.  Even if I die at a hundred years, with my wife, it will still be before my time”. Lessons from the confession So, wise husbands for fear of sudden or early death, engage the services of the stress relieving agents. For the religious or God fearing ones, they engage in emotional flirting with ladies to release tension from the stress at the home front. Instead of communicating respect, wives communicate disrespect to their husbands. You can see it in their eyes, looks, attitude and words. Phrases such as “you better do something about it before you regret it”; “ can’t you see how your friends are taking good care of their families? “; “ Haa! Oh my God, what did I do to deserve this situation ?” are examples of disrespectful remarks of many wives  to their husbands. Amazingly, you will be surprised how respectful the same wives get when they need something from the same husbands: the sumptuous meal, the extra ordinary care, and unsolicited sex moves become the order of the day. Obviously, they don’t seem to get when the best time to be respectful in their marriage is. This lack of respect is what readily drives the husbands into the waiting hands of the flirting partners. Wives should therefore do all to charm their husbands with respect and admiration, and the outcome will be amazing. I hope wives are taking notes? Let us meet again to also consider the confession of the flirting wife. Abomination? Haa, many husbands are the guilty agents of forcing their wives into adultery. Next week is our appointment. Till then, stay safe and take advantage of the Covid- 19 free time to work on your marriage. MY BOOK, ENJOYING GREAT SEX LIFE, IS STILL AN INSTRUMENT OF MARITAL TRANSFORMATION. CONTACT 08112658560 FOR DETAILS.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE