Kano State’s Commissioner for Health, Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa has said that a total of 42 suspected cases of coronavirus in the state have tested negative. This was just as the commissioner appealed to the general public to disregard the purported news of a confirmed case of COVID-19 in Kano as unfounded and a lie being circulated with malicious intent. Tsanyawa disclosed this to journalists on Wednesday during the latest briefing on the COVID-19 pandemic. According to him, although Kano has not yet recorded any confirmed case of COVID-19, it appears to be increasing in other parts of the country. He further disclosed that results for other samples on the coronavirus infection have not been released yet. Dr Tsanyawa charged the populace of the state to make sure they heed the advice of health experts by taking precautionary measures to avoid getting infected. It will be recalled that the health ministry dismissed a video clip being circulating on social media of an alleged COVID-19 patient being evacuated by health workers reportedly at Sabon Gari area of the city. “To keep the record straight and dispel the rumour, a call was received at the COVID-19 call centre of a sick person suspected to have the virus upon. A rapid response team of public health personnel was immediately mobilised to the location at Ijebu Road in Sabon Gari,” the commissioner said. He, however, disclosed that the suspected case was identified and his sample taken for examination. The outcome was negative. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Bodies Are Being Left In Streets In An Overwhelmed Ecuadorian City The streets of Ecuador’s western city of Guayaquil are deserted, with few residents in sight and a few dead, as bodies are being left in the streets of this overwhelmed place. The coronavirus pandemic is overloading the public services in the country’s most populous city to a point of collapse. Hospitals have no beds left to accept… Read full story Alternate Perspectives On Nigeria’s Covid-19 Response First, my thoughts and prayers go to our health workers. These men and women of valour risking it all battling at the frontline of COVID-19 are the true heroes of the moment. Almost every country in the world is shut, trying frantically to curb and reverse the spread of the coronavirus. Over the last weeks, major cities… Read full story A Salute To Caregivers On The Frontlines THE Covid-19 experience in many parts of the world, though challenging, has definitely brought the invaluable services of caregivers to the fore as humanity struggles to prevail over the daunting pestilential challenge. In many of the countries battling with the Covid 19 pandemic, the courage of the dauntless caregivers… Read full article Lagos Govt Wants Completion Of Primary Six Policy For JSS1 Admission Enforced The Lagos State government has indicated it willingness to start enforcing the completion of six years primary education policy for all pupils who want to gain admission into junior secondary schools (JSS1) in both the public and private schools in the state. It said that had been a national policy on education for… Read full story Kwara Locks Down Offa To Contain COVID-19 Kwara State government has ordered a total lockdown of the ancient town of Offa in the Offa local government area of the state. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Wednesday evening, the state deputy governor, who is also the chairman of the technical committee on COVID-19 in the state, Mr Kayode Alabi, said that the… Read full story COVID-19: We Have Repatriated Over 44,000 Citizens From 78 Countries, Says US State Dept The United States has announced that over 44,000 of its citizens have been repatriated from 78 countries over the pandemic coronavirus. The United States Department of State therefore stated that there was no greater priority than the safety and security of US citizens overseas… Read full story BREAKING: Kidnapped Elder Brother Of Bauchi Gov, Alh Adamu Duguri, Regains Freedom Yaya Adamu Duguri, the kidnapped elder brother of Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed has regained his freedom. Reports gathered by Tribune Online revealed that Yaya Adamu Duguri who was kidnapped about two weeks ago by armed men was released on Tuesday evening… Read full story BREAKING: Four Feared Killed In Kaduna For Flouting Stay-At-Home Order Four people have been reportedly killed by policemen who came to quell a fight between some youths and members of the Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) at Tirkaniya market in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Trouble started when some youths came to buy food items at the market but were told to… Read full story 