Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has said that courts are expected to attend to matters that are urgent, essential or time-bound during the lockdown declared by President Muhammadu Buhari. Malami said speedy dispensation of justice is a cardinal principle of Justice Sector Reform of the present administration and urged that time-bound cases should be treated with dispatch and accorded the required attention. This is contained in a statement issued by Dr Umar Jibrilu Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations to the AGF and made available to newsmen on Wednesday, April 1, 2020. According to the statement, the directive is communicated in a letter addressed to all heads of courts dated April 1, 2020 conveying the COVID 19 Regulation 2020 The letter was titled “Re: Preventive Measures on the Spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) and the Protection of Justices, Judges and Staff of Courts.” The letter stated that “Further to the letter Ref. No. NJC/CIR/HOC/11/631 dated 23rd March, 2020 by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Hon. Justice I. T. Mohammad, directing suspension of court sittings for an initial period of two weeks at the first instance, except in matters that are urgent, essential or time-bound according to extant laws.” Malami said the directive issued by the CJN was in tandem with the COVID-19 Regulations 2020 made pursuant to Quarantine Act 2004 by the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria Muhammadu Buhari. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Testing Kits Heading To Britain Contaminated With Coronavirus Testing kits that are due to arrive in Britain were found to have been contaminated with coronavirus, according to reports. The government claims there is currently a capacity to carry out 11,000 tests a day, while the aim is to carry out 25,000 tests per day by mid-April… Read full story The photographs of President Muhammadu Buhari washing his hands as a precaution against contracting the coronavirus was on Tuesday, March 31, released by the Presidency with him standing inside a restroom that has a gold-plated tap. Apparently taken inside Aso Rock, the president was seen standing inside… Read full article with pictures COVID-19: The Worst Is Yet To Occur In Africa, Say Obasanjo, Mbeki, Chissano, Kufuor, Other Leaders Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and 11 other former presidents and prime minister in Africa on Tuesday called for effective regional cooperation and an emergency plan to combat the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the continent. They also said the epidemiological progression in already affected areas has… Read full story