The Kaduna State Ministry of Health has announced the discharge of three patients who have recovered from coronavirus. The three patients were among the six persons that have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. They have tested negative for two consecutive tests and have now been discharged. A statement signed by the state Commissioner for Health, Amina Baloni, on Friday, disclosed that this brings to four, the number of persons Kaduna State has discharged this week. The statement added that there are now only two cases of COVID-19 that are yet to be discharged. “I wish to acknowledge the efforts of the medical team, surveillance teams, members of the Emergency Operations Committee and other stakeholders involved in the efforts of the Ministry of Health to manage and contain COVID-19. “The Kaduna State government wishes to remind residents of Kaduna State that it is safer and cheaper to observe preventive measures than to treat COVID-19. Citizens are advised to wash their hands regularly with soap and water and observe social distancing.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING No Peace In Nigeria Until Return To 1960 Constitution, 2014 Confab Report ― Adebanjo •Tackles Buhari, Tinubu for paying lip service to federalism, restructuring Afenifere chieftain, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Thursday, said that will be no real peace in Nigeria until it returns to 1960 constitution. He also renewed calls for restructuring and federalism as critical factors for the nation to be… Read full story Emirates Begins COVID-19 Blood Tests Before Boarding Perhaps a sign of what the future holds for air travellers, Dubai-based airline Emirates has begun carrying out COVID-19 blood tests on passengers at the airport prior to flights… Read full story Reps, Executive, Other Stakeholders Set Up Joint Committee On Free Electricity Supply To Nigerians The House of Representatives and stakeholders in the power sector on Thursday resolved to set up a joint implementation committee on the proposed two-month free power supply to the poor and vulnerable Nigerians as part of the stimulus package aimed at alleviating the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story