John is a happy go lucky person. He loves life and ensures he always enjoyed his life. He is well known in social circles and always the life of any party. After work each evening he had various things to engage in and his weekends were packed full of activities. The Coronavirus pandemic has completely changed John’s life in more ways than one. His office has closed down and he cannot work from home and his company is seriously thinking of cutting salaries since they are not making money due to the restrictions caused by the pandemic. John is really lock-downed in his house with his wife and three young children. His social activities and weekend jamborees have been cancelled and John is extremely bored. He has to make do with the internet for entertainment and information. He gave up watching television to kill the boredom because he lost the remote control war to his wife and children. If the children are not watching cartoons his wife was watching a movie . . . after all that was the norm before coronavirus brought him into the picture – he was hardly at home before the lockdown so they were not ready to compromise. John being an absentee husband and father is not finding it funny the way his children were always intruding into his space asking all kinds of questions and always coming to him to settle scores between the three of them. John’s wife was initially glad at her husband being at home more but now hates the idea as he is just cranky always complaining about virtually everything. John’s presence in the house instead of being a blessing has become a serious inconvenience. John found solace in the internet. The internet has been a great source of information and entertainment. He keeps himself abreast of the news and reports especially about the Coronavirus both locally and internationally. He knows all the symptoms of the disease. He knows the various variants of its manifestations in different countries. He knows the death and recovery rates per country . . . John is almost becoming an expert on Coronavirus. After about six days at home John noticed he was feeling unusually weak and he was feeling certain discomfort in his throat. He also had a slight headache. John was terrified. His mind went riot and the different things he had learnt about the symptoms of Coronavirus flooded his mind. He was lost in thought . . . “Could he have contracted the virus? Could he have contracted it when he was forced to get critical supplies for the family the other week?  Would what he was feeling graduate to him being tested positive for the virus? Was he going to die?” John was extremely worried but was too scared to tell his wife more so the wife was in a silent treatment mode with him because he shouted at her before the children for no just cause. After about four days of torturous thoughts he summoned courage to call a doctor friend to confide in him. The doctor came over and after examining John he told John he only had a sore throat.  MORALE OF THE STORY Please stay safe and keep to regulations at this critical time and be assured “there shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling.” Psalm 91.10 For enquiries and/ comments please send email to charismokola @yahoo.com  e Transparent In Identifying The Poor For Palliatives —CAN Charges Govt THE Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has charged the state and Federal Government to apply transparency and inclusiveness in identifying the poor, whom relief materials had been made available for amid the present pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Why I Believe Nigerians, Others In Malaria Belt, Have Little To Fear —Abu, US Based Clinical Cardiologist Dr Rasaq Olanrewaju Abu has been in medical practice since 1984 and currently runs a clinical cardiology practice in College Park, Maryland, USA. In this interview conducted online by SAHEED SALAWU, Dr Abu speaks on why the huge number of deaths being experienced in Europe due to COVID-19 pandemic and America may not … Read full interview COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 17 New Cases, Toll Rises To 305 Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Friday, has announced 17 more new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), making the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria rise to 305… Read full story Can I Have Prostate Cancer? I am a 60-year-old man. My father died from Prostate cancer many years ago. Kindly let me know my chances of also having the cancer… Read full story Outsmarting Covid-19 It is no longer news that COVID-19, a strain of coronavirus, has held the whole world to ransom. When the disease broke out in China some months back, it gave the whole world a chance to prepare ahead. It is however conspicuous that the preparation was and it is still not sufficient, looking at the severe effect of the outbreak… Read full story Coronavirus Came From Bat, But How Did It Get To Man? A vacuum of knowledge about the origins of the new coronavirus ravaging the world has provided fertile ground for all manner of theories — from the fantastic, to the dubious to the believable… Read full story Eti-Osa Is Leading In Coronavirus Cases, Yet Flouting Stay-At-Home Order Despite recording the highest number of coronavirus cases, residents of Eti-Osa Local Government Area of the state have continued to flout the stay-at-home and social distancing orders imposed on the state to contain the spread of the deadly virus, Saturday Tribune was told by one of the community leaders… Read full article Help For Couples With Mental Health Disorders IDENTIFYING problems without proffering solutions will amount to a wasted exercise. Every mental health disorder is treatable. Couples facing such a challenge should know that help is available to them. So, there is no reason to lose hope, and resign to fate. Once they embrace this truth, they will be able to seek for the available help… Read full article I Was Under Some Pressure On What It Would Take To Be Olori —Olori Adeyanju Save for beads, which she sparsely adorns at public functions, there is scarcely anything which announces her as the wife of a traditional ruler. Ask her about her preference for anonymous disposition, Olori Iswat Oluwakemi Adeyanju, wife of the Olororuwo of Ororuwo, Osun State, Oba Qamarudeen Adeyemi Adeyanju… Read full interview Preventing Skin Damage Due To Face Masks With many frontline healthcare workers wearing face masks for much of the day, some are experiencing uncomfortable skin damage. One of the authors of a recent article on the topic offers advice… Read full article Manicure At Home Like An Expert Getting a quality nail art in the comfort of your home is very easy and now is the best time as going to the salon is not an easy option because of the coronavirus pandemic… Read full article  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE