It has been observed that considering the fact that the COVID-19 pandemic is a global phenomenon, all hands must be on deck in order to successfully fight the scourge. The observation was made by the Emir of Bauchi, Dr Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu in his Palace stressing that the pandemic does not recognize ethnoreligious and political barriers, therefore, every necessary action must be deployed to eradicate it. The Emir who received the Management of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University (ATBU), Bauchi on a visit, said that every individual has a role to play in the move to minimize its impact on the people pointing out that both material and other resources must be pulled together to fight the scourge. ALSO READ: We pay doctors on coronavirus duties N50,000 each daily, not N5,000, says FCT minister Rilwanu Adamu then commended the Management of ATBU for thinking outside the box by inventing machines and other consumables required for the fight against COVID-19 and other infectious diseases in the state. While making a presentation of hands sanitizers locally produced, the Vice-Chancellor of ATBU, Prof Muhammad Ahmad Abdulaziz told the Emir that the hand sanitizers were produced locally in line with WHO standard. The VC added that the sanitizers will for now be distributed to relevant agencies freely as part of its social responsibility and community relations in order to safeguard them from the infection. Muhammad Abdulaziz then commended the Emir for his leadership by example style which he said has endeared to his subjects appealing to him continue to play his fatherly role. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Easter: Social Restriction Orders Still In Force ― IGP The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Thursday, declared that the social restriction order of the Federal Government to curtail the further spread of the deadly coronavirus pandemic in the country was still in force despite the Easter celebration festival by the Christian community… Read full story COVID-19: I Saw Hell In Isolation ― Bauchi Gov, Bala Mohammed After testing positive to COVID-19 infection and receiving treatment for about three weeks, Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, has been discharged and given a clean bill of health by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC)…. Read full story COVID-19: Ensure Transparency In Management Of Fund, Lawan Tells PTF President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has advised the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 led by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha to ensure judicious use of fund dedicated to combat the pandemic… Read full story COVID-19: Oyetola Begins FG’s Cash Transfer Scheme In Osun Osun State governor, Gboyega Oyetola, on Thursday, launched the Federal Government’s Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) scheme in the state, in which more than 15,000 beneficiaries across the state get N20, 000 each… Read full story Boko Haram: Borno Governor Briefs Buhari On Chadian Army Onslaught The governor of Borno State, Professor Babagana Zulum, on Thursday met with President Muhammadu Buhari to brief him on the security situation in his state following the recent onslaught on Boko Haram by Chadian army led by President Idriss Deby Itno… Read full story COVID-19: Dabiri Urges Nigerians Thrown Out Of Chinese Hotels To Report To Embassy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nigerians in Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has called on Nigerians thrown out of their hotels in Guangzhou China, to report themselves to the Nigerian Consulate in the Asian country for proper documentation and further actions… Read full story COVID-19: FG Fails To Suspend Lockdown Policy As Christians Celebrate Easter Federal Government on Thursday said it has no plan to suspend the lockdown policy as Christians throughout the Easter celebration scheduled to hold from Friday, April 10 to Monday, April 13, 2020… Read full story Easter: Wike Relaxes Restrictions On Religious Gatherings The Rivers State government has temporarily relaxed the restrictions on large religious gatherings to enable Christians to carry out their religious obligations during the Easter period… Read full story COVID-19: Sokoto Extends Border Closure By Two Weeks Sokoto State government has announced the extension of restriction of movement beyond the border post by an additional two weeks with immediate effect. This was disclosed to journalists immediately after a stakeholders’ meeting on the coronavirus in the state headed by Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal at the Government House… Read full story FG To Liaise With British Airways On Evacuation Of Over 500 Nigerians In US, UK, Others Federal Government on Thursday expressed its readiness to liaise with British Airways on the evacuation of over 500 Nigerians living in the United States and the United Kingdom who have expressed interest to return to Nigeria… Read full story COVID-19: We Are In Touch With Nigerians Abroad ― Foreign Affairs Minister Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Geoffrey Onyeama has said that his office has been in constant touch with Nigerians resident in other countries through the diplomatic missions… Read full story