Actor cum singer, SIL, has released his maiden single online. The song, written by him and produced by Kingpin, is entitled, “Body” He told Saturday Tribune that the inspiration for the song was from the stunning beauty of African women, which many of his fans in Dubai, especially alluded to when the search for a record deal took him out of the country last year. “African women are gorgeous. You can see it in her appearance, how she carries herself and her sexiness. I just love our women and singing about their qualities in my first work is the way to go for me,” he said. He added that “the single is a song of appreciation for African women for possessing beautiful bodies and stunning beauty. Black is truly beautiful”. In his desire to be heard, the young musician is set to release another single soon. “I plan to collaborate with one of our hottest in the industry; which I am already working on, but I would not like to let the cat out of the bag right now,” he told Saturday Tribune. SIL also plans to shoot a video for “Body” soon;  remix the single (Body) thereafter and also release another single from his EP. “My EP will be hot. That’s all I can say. I can’t wait to release it. May God help me,” he said.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as Covid-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story