Members of the Old Students Association of Offa Grammar School, Offa, have been charged to take up some  development projects in the school towards achieving quality and conducive learning environment in the school. Speaking at the 2020 annual national conference of the association in Offa recently, the national president of the association, Chief Gafar Yemi Olagunju, commended members of the class sets of the school who had completed one project or the other for the school. Chief Olagunju, who enjoined other sets to follow suit, appealed to them not to neglect the national body. ALSO READ: Adhere to govt’s directives to contain COVID-19 ― Bishop Adekunle The national president enumerated  projects to be done at the Sofoluwe Hall of the school to include installation of six air conditioners, the sinking of a borehole, purchase of 24 standing fans, 50 dozens of chairs, 120 tables, as well as completion of the stage with a collapsible door. Olagunju said names and telephone of chairmen and secretaries of all sets in the country are being compiled with a view to coordinate them with the national body. Speaking on academic activities of the institution, Chief Olagunju commended the staff of the school because the name of the school was not among those found to have cheated during the external examination, urging them to maintain the integrity of the school.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria, Chad, Niger Commence Joint Onslaught Against Boko Haram Poised to quell the lingering insurgency, nations around the Lake Chad basin, Nigeria, Chad and Niger have commenced a joint “massive” onslaught against Boko Haram. According to the Voice of America, tweeting at voanews.com, the joint offensive is a renewed operation following the inadequacies of the multinational force of countries… Read full story We Will Defeat COVID-19, But I Don’t Want Any Casualty —Makinde The governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday, tested positive to Coronavirus otherwise known as COVID-19. In this interview monitored on the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) radio stations and the privately-owned Fresh FM 105.9, the governor, who phoned in from isolation, addressed… Read full story