The Ogun State government has exempted trucks belonging to Dangote Plc from the restriction of movement order during the 14-day lockdown in the state. In a statement signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mr Tokunbo Talabi, the company’s trucks were exempted because of essential multi-sectoral services it is rendering to the public. The letter dated 4th of April and titled “COVID-19 Lockdown: Exemption of Dangote Trucks” read: “This is to confirm that Dangote Plc trucks are exempted from the restriction of movement and total lockdown of the State as a result of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. “You are requested to permit the trucks move freely within the state because of essential multi-sectoral services the company renders to the public.” Confirming the authenticity of the letter, the Special Adviser to Governor Dapo Abiodun on Public Communications, Hon. Remmy Hazzan, said the company’s trucks were exempted because the company is into food processing and also convey food items. “Yes, it is true that government exempted Dangote Trucks from the restriction order movement. The service the company is rending now falls under the Presidential Exemption List,” he added. The state sit-at-home order enters day two on Sunday with total compliance by residents across the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: How We Will Celebrate Palm Sunday ― Catholic Bishop His Grace, Most Reverend Ignatius Kaigama, Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, will be celebrating a private Palm Sunday Mass (without a congregation) to be held at the Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, Garki Area 3. The mass will begin at 8am on Sunday… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Process To Distribute 70,000 Metric Tons Of Food Items Following the lockdown across some states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and it’s resultant effect on the vulnerable population, President Muhammadu Buhari granted approval to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to release 70,000 Metric Tons of assorted food items from the National… Read full story Fiction, Faction And Presidential Marabouts As COVID-20 In discussing the above, permit me to begin from a seemingly intangible occurrence that happened during the week that just ended. Yoruba Waka music genre singer, Salawa Abeni caused a stir on the information highway last Wednesday when she released her own nude pictures on social media. The 58-year-old musician was being… Read full article We Have No Protective Gears, We Are Paid N1,000 Allowance For Three Days, Say Policemen Guarding Ejigbo Isolation Centre Policemen guarding the Ejigbo isolation centre in Osun State on Saturday lamented over what they described as poor welfare and lack of protective gears for the discharge of their duties. This was just as all the returnees who tested negative and not from Osun State left the isolation centre in Ejigbo on Saturday for their… Read full story