By Tolu Olamiriki  The Diocese of Ibadan, Anglican Communion, has donated food items to the Oyo state Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic to assist the government to alleviate the plight of the underprivileged as a result of the coronavirus ravaging the whole world. Speaking at the donation centre, Bishop of the diocese, Most\Reverend (Dr) Joseph Akinfenwa, stressed the need to identify with the government at all levels in alleviating the plight on the poor masses as a result of the lockdown which limited the movement of people in looking for their daily bread. “It is an unfortunate occurrence which has destabilised the whole world. We must at all time give necessary support to the government and the people of the state and we thank God for the quick recovery of Governor Seyi Makinde who was affected by the virus.” Reverend Akinfenwa said. While commending the state’s government on its efforts in curbing the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state, the bishop lauded the contributions of health experts, security agencies, Oyo task force on COVID-19 pandemic and the media in putting an end to the spread of the virus in the state and the nation in general. “We will continue to pray for the state, nation and the global community so that the various measures put in place will yield positive result quickly. We look at the scenario and decided to provide food items so that it will be part of the palliative measures as food is critical for human survival.” While receiving the donated items on behalf of the government, the Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr Ojemuyiwa Jacob Ojekunle, commended the leadership of the diocese for the donation, adding that the items will be distributed to the targeted population in the state. “It is sad that the COVID-19 pandemic happened at this critical period. The items will go directly to the target people in the state. We really appreciate the church of God,” he added.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE