A man has been shot dead in Warri on Thursday, day two of the 14-day lockdown meant to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the oil-rich Delta State. Tribune Online gathered that a young man, identified as Joseph Pessu, drove in a black car without a plate number and headed towards NPA Express towards Ugbuwamgue from Ogunnu, a suburb of Warri. At about 11:00a.m, Pessu was reportedly flagged down by security personnel but refused to stop even after the right rear tyre of his car was ruptured by a bullet released by one of the security officers. According to witnesses said in spite of the burst tyre, the father-of-two drove on from Ogunnu to NPA expressway while being pursued by the security agents. The driver got to Ugbuwangue junction and blocked the road with his car to dissuade the security men from reaching him. He opened the door and began to flee on foot. The security personnel, who had almost caught up with him, then shot him dead. The killing drew the anger of youths from Ugbuwangue community as they blocked the NPA expressway and began to burn tyres on some spots along to register their anger. In the process, two yet-to-be-identified naval ratings from the Nigeria Navy Ship (Delta), Warri, who were on a motorcycle en route NPA expressway, were halted, beaten to a pulp and their bike burnt. The two naval ratings, who escaped death by the whiskers, are said to be receiving urgent medical attention at the naval clinic, Effurun. It will be recalled that the state government had earlier in repeated broadcast urged residents of the state to steer clear of public gatherings and remain indoors except those on essential duties during the two-week shutdown which started April 1. Meanwhile, the security agent who reportedly shot Pessu dead was said to have personally reported himself to the A Division of the Nigeria Police in Warri Area Command and is now being interrogated. Area Commander, Warri, CP Muhammed Garba, who confirmed the incident, said the family of the deceased had been contacted and the killer-security agent apprehended, adding that the lockdown continues and residents should endure. The deceased is said to have been deposited in a morgue in Warri. Meanwhile, the Delta State Government has called for an investigation into the killing. The State Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu in a statement in Asaba, said the government was worried about the incident. “The military authorities have been contacted to carry out an investigation into what led to the killing of the deceased,” he said. The commissioner said the state government has sent a delegation to the deceased family to condole with them over the loss of their son. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: How Materials And Test Kits Donated By Chinese Billionaire Were Distributed National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has revealed how the various medical consignments donated by the Chinese billionaire, Jack Ma, were distributed across the various states in the country. The consignments, according to the NCDC, included 100,000 ordinary face masks, 9,999 overall gowns, 913 face… Read full story:* Contributions To CACOVID-19 Relief Fund Hit N15 Billion- CBN Monetary contributions to the account set up at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the auspices of the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) have hit N15 billion. A statement issued on behalf of the coalition by the Director, Corporate Communications, Central Bank of Nigeria, Isaac Okorafor, on… Read full story COVID-19: FG Commences Disbursement Of N20,000 Cash Transfer To Over 1.2m Poor Citizens • Targets additional 1m households in 2020 Federal Government, on Wednesday, flagged-off the disbursement of N20,000 conditional cash transfer (CCT) to over 1.2 million across 34 States of the Federation and Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, who presented the… Read full story Lagos Govt Condemns Worshippers Who Attacked Officials Over Lockdown Violation Worshippers at Agege Central Mosque who on Wednesday allegedly attacked agents of Lagos State government, enforcing the on-going presidential lockdown, have been roundly condemned by senior government officials. The alleged infraction has also been widely condemned on social media… Read full story COVID-19: Oyo Residents Raise Questions As Makinde Says Total Lockdown Last Resort •As state allocates N500million for testing kits, receives N100 million from donors With the number of COVID-19 cases in neighbouring Osun State rising to 14, residents of Oyo State have begun to raise questions about Governor Seyi Makinde’s stance to only subscribe to a total lockdown of the state as a last resort. Making reference to the fact that the positive COVID-19 cases were returnees from… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: Presidency Attacks Soyinka, Says He Is Fiction Writer, Not Medical Professor The presidency, on Wednesday, attackedd Nobel laureate, Prof Wole Soyinka, over his stance against the 14-day lockdown ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari, saying that he is not an expert in that area. A statement issued by Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), Garba Shehu, in Abuja, observed… Read full story The Role Of Traditional Rulers – Sanusi The Genius: A Case Study (2) LAST week, I commenced a discussion on the concept of traditional rulership in the pre-colonial and colonial Nigeria, the legitimacy of, and the socio-economic cum political weight of traditional rulers and the dwindled relevance of monarchs and traditional chiefs in the colonial political domain… Read full article Our Plants Are Enough To Permanently Cure Coronavirus —Adeniji The problem of coronavirus, otherwise known as COVID-19, is escalating every day. Here in Oyo State, Governor Seyi Makinde tested positive. As a renowned plant pathologist with over 50 years experience, what… Read full interview Expect Locally Made COVID-19 Test Kit Soon —Salako, NIMR, DG There is still much for medical experts to learn about COVID-19 and its challenges. In this interview by SADE OGUNTOLA, director-general, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Lagos, Professor Babatunde Salako, speaks on what the institution is doing in its fight against the pandemic… Read the full interview Enhancing Emotional Well-Being Of Children During COVID-19 MUSA and Obinna are both 10-year-old and good friends who live in the same neighbourhood. They were about writing the second term exams in school when schools were shut and they were sent home, all because … Read full article EDITORIAL: FG’s Restriction On Press Corps TWO distinct things that happened in quick succession in the country recently signalled the continued threat to press freedom and the survival of the media in Nigeria. One was the action by the Presidency in restricting the number of media houses covering Aso Rock. The second was the disruption by soldiers of the circulation… Read full article