The governors of Ekiti, Benue, Borno, Bauchi, Plateau States, respectively, have expressed grief over the demise of the Chief of Staff to the President, Late Mallam Abba Kyari. The senator representing Ekiti Central, Opeyemi Bamidele his counterpart from the southern senatorial district, Biodun Olujimi also commiserated with President Muhammadu Buhari on the death of Mallam Abba Kyari, who passed on Friday. The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, described Mallam Kyari’s death as saddening and devastating, adding, ” it is a great tragedy and a monumental loss to Nigeria at a very critical period.” Fayemi described Kyari as a reliable partner of the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF), which he chairs. ALSO READ: Late Abba Kyari was largely misunderstood ― FG According to him: “While the nation is mourning the death of Malam Abba Kyari, his death should unite all Nigerians irrespective of their leanings to join hands with the government to defeat COVID-19. “COVID-19 is a common enemy that we must all defeat, Mallam Kyari’s death should further fire our collective resolve to fight the pandemic to a standstill. “On behalf of the government and people of Ekiti State, I commiserate with the immediate family of the deceased on this very huge loss. I also commiserate with President Muhammadu Buhari on the loss of a dependable ally and a loyal aide. May the Almighty Allah grant the family the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss.” Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, on his part, condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari over the death of his Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari. Ortom stated that the demise of a loved one such as a trusted aide Mallam Abba Kyari could be so devastating. He described death as an inevitable end for which mankind must prepare at all times. The governor in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Terver Akase, extended his sympathy to the Kyari family and prays that God may grant the deceased eternal rest. The executive governor Borno State, Prof Babagana Umara Zullum, said: “My condolences to the family of late Mallam Abba Kyari the chief of staff of the federation, Mr president and the entire citizens of federal republic of Nigeria for the lost of our beloved Nigerian citizen. May Allah subhanahu wata’ala accept his soul,forgive his sins and rest.” Also, Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed said that he received with shock, the death of late Mallam Abba Kyari, the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari. The Governor, who sympathised with President Muhammadu Buhari, family and friends of the late Abba Kyari over the loss, said that every human being must taste death. Bala Mohammed on behalf of people and government of Bauchi State prayed Allah to forgive the deceased’s shortcomings, grant him Aljannat Firdausi and the family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. He said: “‪We are sad to hear about the death of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari. May Allah SWT forgive his sins, comfort his family and grant him the highest place in Jannah. Ameen.‬” Plateau State governor and Chairman, Northern Governors Forum Simon Bako Lalong has expressed deep shock over the death of Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari. Governor Lalong, in a condolence message, sympathised with his immediate family, President Muhammadu Buhari and the entire nation for what he described as a monumental loss. Lalong said: “Mallam Abba Kyari was a deeply resourceful person who provided tremendous support to President Buhari and his Administration, and served Nigeria with patriotism, dignity, honesty and passion.” Governor Lalong recalled the friendship and support which the late Chief of Staff always extended to members of the Forum and Plateau  State, describing him as a man who had zeal for peace and progress of Nigeria. On her part, Senator Biodun Olujimi in a statement issued by her Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Sanya Atofarati said the late Kyari gave his best to the nation and would be greatly missed. She said: “Mallam Abbah Kyari gave his best to our dear country so his death is a great loss to Nigeria and the Buhari- led Administration. My condolences go to the government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the family of the deceased. I pray God help us flush out this monster called coronavirus.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE