President, National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies (NANTA), Mrs Susan Akporiaye says the entire body of the travel trade operators were taken aback by the sudden demise of Mallam Abba kyari, chief of staff to the president, urging the president, the family and Nigerians to be strong. In a condolence message to the presidency and Nigerians, Mrs. Susan Akporiaye expressed the deep pains of the association over the sad development, noting that the father figure of the president’s right-hand man will be missed by all who come to appreciate his dedication and loyalty to President Buhari and Nigerians in general. “We at NANTA, were shocked having prayed and trusted that he would pull through after testing positive to coronavirus. Mallam Abba Kyari was a brave man, and his position will be hard to replace” Mrs. Susan Akporiaye added. ALSO READ: Christ Embassy partners Lagos govt to provide food items for the poor NANTA, she disclosed will pay a condolence visit to the presidency when the lockdown is lifted to encourage the President and all our friends at the presidency who worked closely with the late Mallam Abba Kyari to keep Nigeria going in the right direction. “Though we give God the glory for the life of the late chief of staff to the President but as humans, his demise was very unexpected and regrettable but we rejoice that he served the President and the people of Nigeria well.” Mrs. Akporiaye explained further, and prayed for God to accept his soul and keep his immediate family in peace with the fortitude to bear the loss” She called on Nigerians to obey lockdown directives and keep to COVID-19 protocols to help stem the rising tide of the deadly pandemic.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story