Some foreign leaders are among the numerous well-wishers that have called President Muhammadu Buhari or sent him messages of condolence over the demise of his chief of staff, Mallam Abba Kyari. According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Saturday, the president received telephone calls from President Nana Akuffo-Ado of Ghana and President Muhammadou Youssoufou of Niger Republic. He also received calls of condolences from ex-President Yayi Boni of Benin Republic and two former Nigerian Heads of State, Generals Yakubu Gowon and Abdulsalami Abubakar. President Buhari also received similar messages of condolence from the embassies of friendly countries including Egypt, Chad and Liberia. The statement said messages were also received from Governors Nasir El-Rufa’i of Kaduna State, Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, Professor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, Abubakar Bagudu, Kebbi, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State; former Governors of Katsina, Sa’idu Barda, Zamfara Abdulaziz Yari and Abdulfatah Ahmed of  Kwara as well as the former Senate President, Ken Nnamanni, the Sultan of Sokoto Dr Sa’ad Abubakar 111 and the President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Rev Samson Ayokunle. The Emirs of Kazaure, Najib Hussaini Adamu, Kebbi, General Muhammadu Ilyasu Bashar (rtd), and that of Machina, Alhaji Bashir Al-Bashir Bukar; APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the Chairman of Zenith Bank, Jim Ovia, President, Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote and the Executive Secretary of the Lake Chad Basin Commission, Ambassador Mamman Nuhu were among the early callers. Similarly, calls to the president were received from Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi, former Ministers, Senator Udoma Udo Udoma and Gen. Ike Umaru Sanda Nwachukwu; Senators Monsurat Sunmonu and Kabiru Marafa, as well as Pastor Tunde Bakare. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING How Nigerians Reacted To News Of Abba Kyari’s Death Nigerians have started reacting to the sudden death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari who died after being confirmed to have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) on Tuesday, March 24, 2020… Read full story COVID-19: At Least 300,000 Africans May Die In Pandemic — UN Agency The COVID-19 pandemic will likely kill at least 300,000 Africans and risks pushing 29 million into extreme poverty, the UN Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) said on Friday, calling for a $100 billion safety net for the continent, Reuters reports… Read full story Nigeria Records 51 New Coronavirus Cases, Total Now 493 Fifty-one new cases of COVID-19 have been reported; 32 in Lagos, 6 in Kano, 5 in Kwara, 2 in FCT, 2 in Oyo, 2 in Katsina, 1 in Ogun, 1 in Ekiti… Read full story COVID-19: Nigeria’s Airlines Have Lost N360billion So Far —Operators The umbrella body of all domestic airline owners in the country, the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), has put the losses so far incurred by domestic airlines since the outbreak of COVID-19 at a whopping N360billion… Read full story Is Coronavirus Spread By Farting? I read somewhere that the Coronavirus pandemic can be spread through farts. Kindly help to clarify this… Read full story 277 COVID-19 Patients Are Being Treated Across Nigeria —Health Minister •Says more people with COVID-19 are being detected The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire said on Friday that a total of 277 COVID-19 patients are undergoing treatment across the isolated centers in the country… Read full story COVID-19: Hit-And-Run Driver Knocks Down NSCDC Officer To Escape Arrest An officer of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Mr Victor Fayemi, on Friday cheated death when he was fatally knocked down by a Volkswagen Golf commercial driver, escaping arrest along Gwarinpa/Kado road area of Abuja… Read full story Nigerian Catholic Priest, Patrick Asomugha, Leaves German Church After Death Threats, Racist Comments A Nigerian parish priest was forced to leave his post as the head of a Catholic parish in western Germany out of concerns for his safety, the parish and local church officials announced on Friday… Read full story Ogun State To Relax Lockdown Order On Monday, Wednesday, Friday Next Week The Ogun State government has relaxed the lockdown directive imposed on the state by President Muhammad Buhari, attributing the need to strike a delicate balance between public safety and welfare of citizenry as the reason behind it… Read full story Covid-19: Wike Arrests, Quarantines 22 Exxon Mobil Staff For Violating Restriction Order Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike Friday announced that security agencies in the state had arrested 22 staff of Exxon Mobil who entered the state from Akwa Ibom in violation of the State Executive Order restricting movements in and out of the state… Read full story