There are expectations that money market rates will crash upon resumption after the Easter break as the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) debit eventually reversed by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) at the close of business on Thursday, brings system liquidity back to buoyant levels. According to dealers from Zedcrest Capital, the interbank opened with a huge shock, as the market participants woke to CRR debits that hit the previous night. That debit, along with funding pressures for the CBN Foreign Exchange (FX) intervention, pushed money market rates as high as 20 per cent intraday but was finally reversed. The Open Buy Back (OBB) and Overnight (OVN) rates eventually settled to close at 15.00 per cent and 16.83 per cent respectively. In an advisory note to clients, Zedcrest Capital said keeping up with the theme of the week, yields dropped in the last trading session of the week, as demand from locals continued ahead of the holiday weekend. “We noted demand across the curve, with the biggest gains on the 2024s and 2037s maturities at the mid- and long-end of the bond curve respectively. Yields dropped by c.12bps on the average across the benchmark curve, consolidating the week’s total drop to c.64 basis points (bps), it stated. “We expect a slowdown of demand once the market resumes after the holidays, as corporate primary market activity (Dangote N100bn Bond and Nigerian Breweries N30bn CP issues), as well as latest inflation figures take up investor focus,” Zedcrest Capital noted. The firm further stated that after the holidays, market will resume on a cautious note as the new Open Market Opetation (OMO) supply filters into the secondary market.  Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story ‘It’s Shameful The Church Was Shut Down Because Of COVID-19’ The church is made up of members of the community. The Church is not isolated, so we are very much involved, especially the shutdown order that was extended to the Church. In 1918, a similar incident also happened. That was the beginning of the persecution of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) during the influenza epidemic… Read full interview  COVID-19: Influenza Laboratory Of Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, National Veterinary Research Institute Activated As Testing Centres The influenza laboratory of Aminu Kano teaching hospital, Kano State and National Veterinary Research Institute, Plateau State have been activated as centres in Nigeria for testing for COVID-19. This brought the number of COVID-19 testing labs in Nigeria to 11… Read full article Cry, The Beloved Yoruba MR Segun Awolowo had died in a ghastly motor accident and it was the call of Mr Abraham Adesanya to break the news to the Leader, Oloye Obafemi Awolowo in his confinement. As Adesanya finished relaying the sad news, he expected Awo to go into mourning and shelve all other things… Read full article Coronavirus Has Exposed Abysmal State Of Nigeria’s Health Sector —Professor Ozoilo, MDCAN President The outbreak of the coronavirus disease in Wuhan, China towards the end of last year was unprecedented and took the medical community globally unawares. Despite the fact that the Chinese were able to contain it by March this year, it has spread globally and achieved the true status of a pandemic. It has brought devastation… Read full story THE Senate president, Ahmed Lawan has said that Easter is more relevant now that makind is passing through one of the darkest times in history. Lawan, who stated this in his Easter message to Nigerians said  ”I heartily felicitates with Nigerians, particularly Christians as we celebrate Easter… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE