The chairman of the management board of the University College Hospital, Ibadan, Alhaji Shettima Ibrahim Bako Bagudu, who has been in isolation for the past three weeks after testing positive for COVID-19 is well now. A statement issued on Sunday morning by the spokesman of the hospital, Mr Toye Akinrinlola disclosed that Shettima had been given a clean bill of health by his doctors after testing negative twice. The statement reads: “I have the pleasure to announce that after three weeks of being in quarantine, the Chairman of the Board of Management of the University College Hospital (UCH) , Ibadan, Alhaji Shettima Ibrahim Bako Bagudu has tested negative to the coronavirus (COVID 19). “Two tests were carried out on him and both returned negative. With this, he now has a clean bill of health. “The Chairman, Alhaji Shettima has urged Nigerians to observe the guidelines laid down by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the National Center for Disease Control (NCDC). ALSO READ: He thanked the UCH community for their support and encouragement during the trying period. He also expressed his appreciation to the CMD, Prof. Jesse Otegbayo, the Management of the Hospital and all the medical personnel that attended to him while on the quarantine. “The Board, Management, staff and students of the University College Hospital, Ibadan heartily congratulate the chairman on the clean bill of health.     NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Pays Tribute To Kyari Following the demise of his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday paid glowing tribute to the late Kyari describing him as a true Nigerian patriot. The President’s statement read: TO MY FRIEND, MALLAM ABBA KYARI… Read full story We May Not Have An Economy After COVID-19 —Adebayo, Professor Of Economics Professor Abayomi Adebayo is a lecturer at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, with specialty in Development, Health and Labour Economics. He speaks to DARE ADEKANMBI on the economic implications of prolonged lockdown as a result of COVID-19, the 2020 budget and other matters… Read full story