A businessman, Olalekan Akingbade recently urged a Customary Court in Badagry, Lagos State, to dissolve his marriage to his wife, Aminat  Akingbade  because he was fed up with her cantankerous nature. According to The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Akingbade said his wife had picked fights with him for know just cause more than 15 times in three years. “My lord, my wife was selling beer when I met her in 2015. We got married same year, but I paid no dowry on her. “Our marriage is blessed with a three-year-old daughter, Bolanle. “My lord, I have known no rest since I got married to Aminat.  We have gone to my father-in-law on several occasions to iron out our misunderstandings. “Each time we went to meet him, he would tell my wife he would not stick her misbehaviour if he were to be her husband. “I have tried all I could to make her change, but she refused. “When she told me that she wanted to change her business, I gave her N500, 000 and rented a shop for her, still she was not contented, “he said. Akingbade urged the court to dissolve their marriage on the grounds of frequent fighting, threat to life, no rest of mind and love lost. He pleaded with the court to grant him custody of their only child. Responding, Aminat, 33, a business woman, appealed to the court not to dissolve their marriage, adding that she was still in love with Akingbade. She attributed her frequent fights with her husband to his infidelity. She told the court, “My husband is a womanizer and he is always going around with different ladies and that is our bone of contention. “I will not fight him again, my lord, “the respondent said. The court president, Mr Shakirudeen Adekola, adjourned the case.  COVID-19: FG Expresses Worries Over Mass Transportation Of People Out Of Lagos In Trucks The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has alerted on what it called ‘mass transportation’ of people out of Lagos State in trucks, thereby worsening the spread of the disease… Read full story Health Workers That Demand Fee For COVID-19 Test Will Be Sanctioned ― LASG LAGOS State government (LASG) has said tests for COVID-19 are free of charge in all designated screening centres across the state… Read full story We Want Our Tailors To Start Using Ankara, Others To Make Face Masks, Says Boss Mustapha The Presidential Task Force on the coronavirus pandemic has asked the Nigerian garment factories especially tailors all over the country to start producing face masks using local fabrics such as Ankara and others… Read full story (UPDATE): Faces Of Four Suspected Killers Of Afenifere Leader’s Daughter The Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Thursday confirmed the arrest of four men suspected to have murdered Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba sociocultural group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… Read full story COVID-19: FG Threatens To Close Down Private Hospitals Engaging In Unauthorised Treatment THE Federal Government (FG) threatened on Thursday that it would close down private hospitals that engage in unauthorised treatment of COVID-19, warning that the country cannot afford avoidable morbidity… Read full story Covid-19 Lockdown: When Lagos Residents Rose Against Gangs Except for the sight of few commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists engaging in brisk business operations to make ends meet and in that way circumventing the presidential stay-at-home order, major roads across Lagos State are deserted as handful of commuters are stranded at various bus stations… Read full story Ramadan 2020: UAE Charities To Shun Mosques, Tents, Deliver Iftar Meals To Homes IFTAR meals will be directly delivered to those in need in the United Arab Emirates this year, rather than being served at Ramadan tents or at mosques… Read full story What Islam Tells Us About Responding To Deadly Pandemics —Experts EXPERTS have said that Islamic guidelines on epidemics, going back to the time of the Prophet Muhammad, can help people cope with COVID-19. They said Islamic rules over epidemics to protect people from death and sickness go back to the very early stages of the emergence of the monothesitic religion. According to them… Read full story The Power Of Amotekun Security is not just the most sacred value, it is the ultimate value. That is why it is philosophised that survival is the first law in nature. It is true that coronavirus issues now tend to override many other issues, but we must not lose our guard. This is because the history of warfare shows that adversaries always prefer to attack their… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE