Meathub, a meat sharing platform that allows the purchase of very affordable high-quality meat conveniently has been introduced to the Lagos livestock market. According to the Project Director for Meathub, Linda Obi, this platform has been established to change the way we buy and handle meat. “We aim to provide traceable, fit-for slaughter animals that are fit for consumption to all individuals across the state and beyond.” Meathub is expected to bridge the gap between livestock lovers and access to clean, traceable, fit for consumption, and high affordable quality livestock. This meat sharing platform allows individuals the opportunity to experience, purchase and consume livestock that has been processed under strict global standards to ensure meat handling best practices. Daily, Lagosians face several set-backs while purchasing livestock including the unsanitary environment where the livestock is processed, the inconvenience during market runs and the unsafeness of the livestock processed. Meathub has been established to bridge this gap and provide Lagosians with affordable meat processed under the highest hygiene standards. This one-stop digitised meat sharing platform has products ranging from beef to chevon goat meat and chicken. Each individual has the opportunity to share livestock at affordable rates and products can be picked up at a designated Meathub store near you or be cost-effectively delivered to the customers across the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Ogun To Be On Total Lockdown From Saturday For 14 Days, Says Governor Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Tuesday, said that the state would from Saturday, April 18, be on total lockdown for the next 14 days. The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, urged the people of the state to take advantage of the current window relaxation of… Read full story Many Rendered Homeless As Fire Razes 700 Shelters In IDPs Camp No fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps at Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State. The Secretary of the Local Government Area, Mohammed Lawan-Sheriff, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Maiduguri,.. Read full story Osun Governor Extends Lockdown Order By Another 14 Days, To Begin On Friday Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State on Tuesday night extended the lockdown order in the state by another 14 days. In a broadcast on the Osun State Broadcasting Corporation (OSBC), the governor explained that the development was aimed at checkmating the spread of coronavirus and consolidate on measures deployed to… Read full story