Following the lockdown of Kaduna State as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic that is ravaging the globe, churches in Kaduna have devised different means of celebrating this year’s Easter. The state government had placed 24 hours curfew as part of measures to prevent the spread of coronavirus in the state. Part of the steps taken was the closure of mosques and churches in both the state capital and its environs. However, while some churches held their Easter service with closed doors, others conducted their Easter service online. When the Nigerian Tribune visited most of the churches, they were closed to worshippers except for a few like reverend fathers and other church leaders who attended. For instance, at the Apostle Church, Danbushiya, the church was closed to worshippers but the head pastor and two other pastors held a minor service. The United Church of Christ in Nations (HEKAN), whose headquarters is in Kaduna, its Easter service online. In a video message to the members of the church which was posted on Facebook and Instagram, the president of the church, Reverend Amos Gobomowu Kiri urged Christians across the globe not to lose hope as Christ the Saviour of the world has risen. According to Reverend Kiri, Christ had died and risen after three days to reconcile mankind with God. The HEKAN President further appeal to his members and other Christians to continue to observe all precautionary measures and respect government directives to curtail the widespread of the dreaded coronavirus. He enjoined Christians to joyfully celebrate the risen of the King of kings in the midst of the pandemic that has stopped the church from coming together to fellowship as one big family.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Man Who Tested Positive For Coronavirus Was 75-Year-Old Ex-Ambassador, Attended Wedding Ceremony Recently, Says Kano Governor Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Saturday night disclosed that a 75-year-old retired civil servant and former ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria got infected with the coronavirus following result of a test that came out which proved positive… Read full story Don’t Despair, Bishop Kukah Tells Nigerians In Easter Message Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto has called on Christians and non-Christians alike in the country not to consider this peculiar Easter celebration amidst the COVID-19 as a period to be in despair. Rather it is a time for people to look out for one another… Read full story