‘Yomi Ayeleso |  Ado-Ekiti  The Bishop of the Diocese of Ekiti West, the Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion, the Right Reveend Rufus Adepoju, has assured Nigerians that COVID-19 will soon be a thing of the past. Adepoju urged members of his diocese, residents of Ekiti State and the people of Nigeria not to panic on the storm of the coronavirus but to draw nearer to God whom he said will see them through “this trying period.” The bishop, however, counselled them to obey government’s orders to stay at home, always wash their hands, use sanitisers, observe social distancing, among other directives given to contain the spread of the virus. Giving his charge in a video posted on the verified Facebook account of the Diocese of Ekiti West, Adepoju said that the people have not lost anything by obeying all the lawful directives given by the government to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Quoting from Psalm 57:1, Adepoju said everybody must make God his refuge during this challenging period and put their trust in Him until the storm of coronavirus passes away. Adepoju said: “I want to encourage everybody, both old and young that we shall all overcome this period. I believe that this pandemic will soon become history and it will definitely go away but let us be closer to God. “We may not have the privilege of gathering together in the physical temple but our body is the temple of God and we should keep on using it to serve God wherever we are. “Each family should gather together in the morning and in the evening to worship God and pray to Him. The fathers at home are the priests and mothers are their supporters. “I want to admonish everybody to obey every order and directive given by our government by staying at home, washing our hands with soap under running water, use sanitisers on our hands, observe social distancing and other things we have been told to do,” he said. “When you obey the authorities, you have not lost anything; it is even a time of rest for us and it offers an opportunity for us to pray more than ever before. “There is no reason to panic, this pandemic will not consume us. When your time has not come, no death can claim your life. “All these will soon become history and we will tell our future generations that at a period, no services were held in churches as a result of Coronavirus pandemic. “Coming Sunday is the Palm Sunday, the next one is the Easter Sunday. If we can’t gather in our churches, that doesn’t stop us from celebrating in our private homes to thank God.”  COVID-19: We Are Ready To Evacuate Nigerians Who Wish To Return From Abroad, Says FG The Federal government has indicated its willingness to evacuate Nigerians abroad who wish to return home as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, disclosed this on Friday during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19 Lockdown: We Can’t Be Caged For Nothing, Adamawa Residents Cry Out On the second day of the 14 days lockdown of Adamawa announced by the state government to curtail the spread of COVID-19  in the state, the people of the state have started to complain about the stay at home order without palliatives to ease the problems associated with it… Read full story As The World Battles COVID-19, Nigerians Confront COVIK 4-1-9 Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden… Read full article Chloroquine ’Ll Not Make COVID-19 Patients Worse, It Works —Dr Ajayi I don’t know why it became controversial. They disagreed with President Trump because he broke the rule. The rule is that before you use a medication for any condition, you should have tested it scientifically for that condition. But for emergencies, some rules must be broken. But if it has been said by a doctor rather than … Read full interview Another Two Patients Die As Coronavirus Cases Hit 210 Twenty new cases of COVID-19 have been reported in Nigeria; 11 in Lagos, 3 in the FCT, 3 in Edo, 2 in Osun & 1 in Ondo. Two new deaths have been recorded in Lagos and Edo State. As at 10:30 pm 3rd April, there are 210 confirmed cases of COVID-19 reported in Nigeria… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Positive Patient Is A Military Officer Who Returned From India—AkeredoluThe Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said that the first positive case of coronavirus in the state is a military officer who is a returnee from India. Disclosing this further in his twitter handle, he said the military officer had been monitored since his return and had been put in isolation… Read full story  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE