A former Commissioner for Finance in Kogi State, Chief Joseph Noah Molemodile is dead. Molemodile, the pioneer legal adviser of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Kogi state, died in the early hours of Thursday in his Jos, Plateau State residence. According to a family source, the observed his routine morning walk along the neighbourhood and returned home to freshen up and rest. He died while resting after the light exercise. Reacting to the news of his death, friends and political associates described JN Molemodile as a gentleman. Son of ex-Governor Audu, Prince Mohammed Audu bemoaned his demise describing him as “another father of mine”. Former deputy governorship candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC) at the 2015 election, Hon James Faleke expressed sadness over Molemodile’s death. “So sad to lose him at this period. He was a very dedicated and committed man to our late leader, Prince Abubakar Audu and he remained with the struggle. May his soul rest in peace,” he said. A University lecturer, Dr. Johnson Orugun described Molemodile as “a man full of wisdom”. “Pa Molemodile is a born financial analyst. Knew him at very close range since 1999, when with other political heavyweights like late AIG Ahmadu Sheidu, Dan Kadiri, Barr. James Ocholi, Merab, Chief Isah Ocheja, Chief Ameadaji and Alh. Idris Yusuf Tawari, amongst others, constituted the 15-man think-tank that ushered in Governor Abubakar Audu’s 2nd tenure. He showed eloquence, utter civility and urge for good details. He shone like a star. Adieu, the silent political colossus from Yagba East,” Orugun said. To the Kogi State Chairman of Accord Party, Hon. Alhassan Adakeke, Molemodile was an “icon of loyalty”, while a former Minister for Police Affairs, Hon. Humphrey Abah described the deceased as a gentleman. Molemodile was a close friend and supporter of the first executive governor of Kogi state, Prince Abubakar Audu. Both worked together at First Bank of Nigeria Limited and strengthened the relationship when the late Audu joined politics in Kogi State. Molemodile served as Managing Director, Kogi Savings and Loans during Prince Audu’s first term as governor and was appointed Commissioner of Finance after Audu got elected for a second stint in the Lugard House. Gov Bello meets Tawari community, promises to fish out… Civil servants to be cornerstone of my second term… Kogi gov receives progressives governors’ forum chairman,… Kogi government earmarks N15.7b for roads across the state He was a prominent member of the 15-man think-tank committee that ushered in Prince Abubakar Audu’s second tenure as Kogi state governor. ALSO READ: Tambuwal directs payment of N30,000 new minimum wage from January Joseph Noah Molemodile hailed from Idofin in Yagba East local government area of Kogi State. Meanwhile the Kogi State governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello said he received with shock, the demise of one of the best financial experts of his generation, a Patriot and a passionate believer in the Kogi dream, Chief J. N. Molemodile. In a statement issued on Friday by the Special Adviser to the Governor on Information and Communication Strategy, Kingsley Fanwo he noted that the late Chief Molemodile was a former Commissioner of Finance in the Late Prince Abubakar Audu Administration. “He brought a lot Of innovations and financial engineering to bear on the management of the state’s finances and continued to render selfless services to the State and humanity even long after leaving Office. “Losing such an enigmatic character at a time the State is refocusing her finances to serve the people and create more opportunities is hard to take and also disheartening. “Moreso that the late Patriot believed so much in the policies and person of the Governor, Alh. Yahaya Bello as displayed by his yeoman’s role in ensuring the second term of the Governor. As a State, our hearts are with the family of the deceased and the people of Isanlu at this trying moment of losing a pillar of hope. “Our consolation is that the Governor and the Government he so believed in have the opportunity to continue to serve the people in order to immortalize the ideology of service and selfless leadership that the late icon represented. “On our part as a Government, the Governor has directed his officials to ensure the state plays a leading role in giving the departed a befitting burial. “We shall also ensure his name is immortalized to drive home the sterling rewards of service and patriotism that the late Chief Molemodile stood for.  STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE