KOGI State Deputy Governor, David Edward Onoja, on Saturday visited the communities affected by the Friday’s attack in Tawari area of the state where over 20 persons were killed and properties worth billions of naira destroyed. Addressing residents of the affected communities in Tawari, Onoja described the development as unfortunate, assuring them of the commitment of the government to ensure tight security for the area. He said: “On behalf of the government of Kogi State, led by our governor, His Excellency, Chief Alhaji Yahaya Bello, we are here to see things for ourselves. It is unfortunate. It is a demonic act, but the government will take steps to assist you and other affected communities. It is a pity. We have gone round all the affected communities and we have seen the level of damage. “We shall provide security to see how to ensure that this is controlled and that it does not happen again. I am here to commiserate the victims of the attack. We have seen the extent of the damage. We have seen that the communities have been hit so badly. People have lost lives and property worth millions of naira. We shall try to give palliatives to the victims in order to bring back the community to life.” He, therefore, promised the affected communities of a reconstruction and rehabilitation package, as the settlements will be replanned and reconstructed including worship centres. Onoja, who called on the federal and state emergency management agencies to wade in, also pleaded with organisations and individuals to render assistance to the victims of the attack. The administrator of Kogi Local Government, Hon. Barr. Muhammed Tanko Musa, commended the state government for its timely intervention, reiterating the people’s confidence in the administration of Governor Bello. Three kidnap victims regain freedom in Kogi Police exhume corpse of female LASU student allegedly killed… If politicians are not careful, they are the ones that will… Reps Air Force committee commends destruction of terrorist… ALSO READ: Kogi: Security men takeover Tawari community after Friday deadly attack “Your Excellency, you have shown us love. We are hopeful that this your visit will bring about positive results. We trust you and we will continue to support you. Please, extend our appreciation to the governor’s kind gesture.” At the Ohimege’s palace, where the deputy governor and his entourage paid condolence visit, the paramount ruler of the area, the Ohimege Igu, Alhaji Abdulrazak Isa Koto, told the deputy governor that the attack on Tawari was purely farmers/herders misunderstanding devoid of ethnic, religious or sectional consideration. The Ohimege, who is also the Chairman of the Kogi local government traditional council, said the entire ethnic groups, religious organisations, professionals and visitors have been living peacefully and harmoniously with one another. He introduced to the deputy governor, the leaders and representatives of the various ethnic and religious groups across the local government area including the Egbira, Gbagyi, Bassa, Ganaganaand Hausa, Igbo, Tiv, Kakanda, Yoruba and Nupe among others. The Ohimege also disclosed that the Kogi local government traditional council comprises of all ethnic groups resident in the local government and holds constant meetings with the view to settling disputes and nipping in the bud any problem before it gets out of hand. Onoja commended the Ohimege Igu and other traditional rulers for their leadership qualities. He said the Kogi local government peace model is worthy of emulation by other traditional councils in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE