The Federal Government has unveiled plans to resume work on all pending infrastructural projects across oil-producing states. Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs has lauded communities hosting its projects for their support and promised to resume work on pending projects. The Permanent Secretary of Federal Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs, Mr Olusola Adesola gave the assurance while speaking with newsmen in Owerri after conducting a two-day inspection of projects in Imo State. Some of the projects inspected include; the rehabilitation of the Okpuala-Igwurita and Owerri-Elele roads; Skills acquisition centre at Egbema and Housing Estate, Umuagwo at Ohaji-Egbema Local Government Area and Information Communication Technology (ICT) centre at Osuiche in Oguta Local Government Area. Mr Adesola who underscored the importance of the host communities in the sustainability of the projects assured that some of the projects would be handed over to credible managers upon their completion. ALSO READ: FG shops for new ABU Zaria VC According to him, all the projects were capital intensive and will require an overhead cost for effective management hence the major reason why they will be handed over to independent managers. VIDEO: Pandemonium as pipeline explodes in Lagos Supreme Court to deliver judgment in Kano, Sokoto guber… Northern Youth Forum appoints Bowen VC as ‘Garkuwan… PDP condemns APC’s defense of Imo guber judgement The Permanent Secretary also commended contractors handling the ministry’s various projects for quality service, adding that the Ministry would not compromise its quality. He added that the ministry would prioritise so as to enable it make efficient use of available resources through effective allocation of resources. He further said that the projects were not strictly for the benefit of oil-producing communities but for the state at large. “We thank our host communities for their support and we assure them that our minister, Senator Godswill Akpabio, will not compromise quality even with very limited resources. “We will continue to prioritise through the process of budgeting and when funds are made available, activities at project sites will resume immediately. “The contractors are doing a good job even as we are making effective use of available resources so as to make a maximum impact within the confines of our resources. “Some communities and corporate organisations have expressed their interest to manage some of our projects and where we evaluate and discover that there is a credible expression of interest, we will not hesitate to hand over the projects to them,” he said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE