The minority leader of the Senate, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, has reacted to the judgment of the Supreme Court on Imo State governorship election. The justices of the apex court in a unanimous judgement upturned the electoral mandate of the Peoples Democratic Party candidate in last March governorship election, Emeka Ihedioha and asked the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC) to issue Certificate of Return to the candidate of the APC, Senator Hope Uzodimma. But Abaribe in a statement made available by his media aide, Uchenna Awom, advised that the ruling be taken in good faith in deference to the protection of the sanctity of institutions of governance. National chairman of the PDP, Uche Secondus, at a press briefing on Thursday faulted the judgment and asked the Supreme Court to reverse itself. The PDP chairman further called for the resignation of the Chief Justices of Nigeria, Tanko Mohammed. Senator Abaribe who equally bemoaned the outcome of the judgement warned of what he called an imminent weakening of some critical agencies of democracy. He expressed concern over the acceptance of unit results from sources other than the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) certified results, without calling unit witnesses as already established by the same Supreme Court in a similar case involving former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar recently. “What it means is that results from security agencies like Civil Defence, Army, Navy and even community ones like Hisba, JTF et al, will be more sacrosanct and acceptable than the official INEC tabulation.” 608 repentant Boko Haram members currently undergoing… Lai Mohammed tasks Nigerians on patriotism, commitment to… Malami’s statement on Amotekun is faulty, Olugbon… Barack Obama eulogises wife as she turns 56 ALSO READ: Akesan inferno: Ex-Youth Parliament member thanks NEMA for intervention The Senate Minority Leader noted that ”the painful outcome of the legal process has again raised poignant questions that should ignite serious calls for total reforms of the electoral and governance structures in Nigeria.” His statement further read in part: ”The stark reality in the circumstance Abaribe added is that the Apex Court is the final arbiter and its decisions must be respected at all times. ”Nonetheless, Abaribe lamented the contradictions in the final analysis, especially when the statistics of who-got-what in the state assembly among the various political parties are put side by side in the result that was recorded same day with the gubernatorial election. “How many Houses of Assembly members in Imo State did APC produce in the election that was held on the same day as this governorship election in question? Can someone refresh us…? PDP won 13 seats, AA 8, APGA 6, and APC won 0 seat out of a total 27 seats. “And now by this judgement, the APC that did not win any seat in the House of Assembly in the election that was held and collated the same day, won the Imo State Governorship Election at the Supreme Court. APC should not gloat. “These are times that make hearts and will falter. But as the Holy book says this too shall pass away. For our friend and brother Emeka Ihedioha, courage is the name. This will also pass away. “Your valedictory speech is heartwarming. It shows that there will be a rosy tomorrow from today’s despondency. For all of us in the PDP, this is not a time for blames. When men are bent on evil, they will not stop, but ultimately the will of the people shall prevail.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE