The crisis generated by the installation of Alaboto of Aboto in Ilaje local government area of Ondo state continued on Tuesday as Ikohi royal family protested against the alleged imposition of Beniah Idiogbe, as the monarch of the town. The family in a letter by their counsel, Helicious Ogiren, and addressed to the state governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, said the installed traditional ruler did not hail from the community. The family also argued that Aboto did not have a registered chieftaincy declaration, saying the emergence of Alaboto had always been according to customs and tradition. The people said the community had already selected Prince Oyetayo Ofoaye, as the Alaboto elects in accordance with the traditions and cu­stoms of his people before the alleged imposition of Idiogbe. ALSO READ: We will continue to care for you, Lagos govt tells students with special needs Irate youths prevent 200 herdsmen from settling in Ondo… Gunmen kidnap monarch’s wife, two daughters, driver in… Communal crisis: Ondo council boss inaugurates… Akeredolu calls for divine support to boost developmental… The letter read in part, “We are properly info­rmed by our said cli­ents that Aboto comm­unities do not have any registered chief­taincy declaration and such the Obaship of Aboto in accordan­ce of the customs and traditions of the Aboto people. “It is also our case that the people of Aboto have selected Prince Oyetayo Ofoaye as the Alaboto elect in accordance to the traditions and cu­stoms of his people but one Beniah Adeola Idiogbe who hails from Owo in Ondo sta­te is not an indigene of Aboto but was imposed on them by you by the commissioner for local governme­nt and chieftaincy without the consent and authority of Aboto people and the kin­gmakers sought and obtained. “It is also our case that apart from the fact that the said Beniah Adeola Idiogbe being an indigene of Owo, there is also a judgment against him which he is curr­ently facing a commi­ttal proceeding in respect of the same Aboto land where he claims to become king over. “It is our further br­ief that the said Ab­oto land is not under Amapetu of Mahin and that the court has warned the Amapetu of Mahin land to st­ay clear from Aboto land and till date the Amapetu of Mahin has never appealed against same”. The family also alleged that some people “conspired and wantonly destroyed the houses of our said Alaboto elect and members of the Ik­ohi family” with the use of security personn­el. “Based on the above-said facts, we hereby humbly solicit your quick intervention and set up a committ­ee to investigate the authenticity of our protest”, read the letter. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE