LEADER of bandits in Zamfara State, Mohammed Bello, has waved the olive branch to the government and people of the state, saying armed robbery and other violent crimes would no longer happen in the state. He spoke at a meeting organised by the peace and reconciliation committee headed by state Commissioner of Police, Usman Nagogo, which was held at the palace of the Emir of Shinkafi, Alhaji Mohammed Makwashe Isah. “I apologise for the recent clashes between farmers and Fulani herdsmen which led to the death of people. I am assuring the people that in the next eight years and beyond, there is going to be total peace in the state. “I assure the people of Zamfara that peace will reign in the state, henceforth. They should exercise patience and continue to pray and forgive one another over the past incidents,” Bello said. He warned Fulani herdsmen against encroaching into farmlands with their animals, explaining that such a development has the potential of igniting crisis. He told the various gangs of bandits across the state to forthwith desist from further nefarious activities and embrace peace. He disclosed that Shinkafi was the first town in the state to suffer banditry and expressed regrets over the killings and kidnappings that have happened over the past years. The meeting, which was attended by farmers, herdsmen and other stakeholders, was organised to enable the participants to voice out their grievances for a harmonious resolution. The Commissioner of Police, Usman Nagogo, who presided over the meeting, said successes, include the return of peace to the state, had been achieved as a result of the peace process. Ibadan chief seeks constitutional roles for traditional… Police arrest 26 suspects in Benue during festive period —CP Oil Bunkering: Nigerian Navy hands over 57 Nigerians, 7… How Glory, 13yrs; Samuel, 8yrs and Darasimi, 3yrs died in… He urged all aggrieved parties in the town to accept the ongoing peace process wholeheartedly and advised them not to allow themselves to be used by “unpatriotic politicians”. The commissioner advised them to be law abiding and channel their complaints and other grievances through the appropriate quarters for redress. The police commissioner described sincerity, commitment and justice as the guiding principles of his peace committee. He thanked the emir for his support for the peace initiative and his cooperation with the committee. The Emir, Alhaji Mohammed Makwashe Isah, commended the commissioner and other security chiefs for their efforts to restore lasting peace in the state. The special adviser to the state governor on peace and reconciliation, Alhaji Abdulrahman Bala Shinkafi, thanked the security agencies for their effort to ensure peace in the state and called on the people of Shinkafi Emirate to cooperate with the security agencies in the state. Those who attended the meeting include the Commander, 1 Brigade, Gusau, Brigadier-General O. M. Bello; Director, State Security Service (SSS), Alhaji Mohammed Wakili and the state commandant of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). The meeting was convened to address issues of farmers/herders conflicts, banditry, kidnapping and revenge attacks in the state. Representatives of farmers who spoke at the meeting narrated how Fulani herdsmen encroached into their farms and destroyed their produce. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE