Pastor Joshua Ibitomi of the Apostolic Church Nigeria , Ganaja Assembly, Lokoja, Kogi State, has called on Nigerians to prepared if they must succeed in the year 2020. Ibitomi disclosed this, in Lokoja, during his first Sunday sermon for the new year. He admonished Nigerians to take the bull by the horn saying “God is always by the side of his people that are courageous and are able to conquer fear when there is problem.” He warned that Nigerians should not allow fear to cripple their lives in this new year. The clergy averred that the problem of fear is usually associated with shame just as he made biblical reference to Jesus, Noah, and Peter when they wanted to perform God’s work and were able to conquer their fear against all odds. Picking his text from the book of Joel 2 vs 21, Pastor Joshua Ibitomi said some Nigerians always look for ways to run from difficult situation adding that, fear has caused limitations in many lives. ALSO READ: FULL TEXT: Unveiling the true enemies of Nigeria — Tunde Bakare He said when things are not working towards Nigerian’s favour this year, they should kick against fear and believe in God. PDP condemns Kogi killings Fish out perpetrators of Tawari overnight attack, Gov Bello… Kogi Chief of Staff launches youth empowerment foundation 2020: Pray for people in position of authority, Kogi Speaker… According to him, a strong and courageous man in the midst of problems still believes that nothing will happen. Ibitomi added that, the glory of God has been far from many Nigerians because of fear, stressing that the year 2020 is the year for the courageous ones. He emphasized that many Nigerians remained stagnant over the years because they have failed to take the risk in doing things that would change their lives. He said the year 2020 there will be engagements in spiritual warfare as many will taking their destinies in their hands. “Show me a fearful man, I will show you a coward. God is not a God of cowards. In the spiritual battle, you don’t run away in warfare. A coward will hear an ordinary sound and run away. “The book of Proverb makes us understand that an indolence person is a coward. A coward will always look at a problem and run away from it. Why because he doesn’t want to fight anything or struggle in life. “I am not saying when you see a physical danger that will consume or kill you, you should not run away. That is far from what am saying. When you see a situation that presents its self as a problem, you should be able to face it and conquer it. “Everything in your life, God has its backing. Always put faith in action. If Christians allow fear to conquer their faith, it is finished,” he stated. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE