A woman, Oluwakemi Okeyede, has dragged her husband, Ibrahim Okeyede, before Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, seeking that it terminates their six-year-old marriage. Oluwakemi stated in her suit that her husband was troublesome and didn’t give her rest of mind. She prayed the court if her prayer was answered, to grant her custody of their only child who is a male. Ibrahim gave her consent to divorce but refused that the custody of their child be granted her. Ruling after he had heard both parties, the court president observed that the love between them had waned. Ruling, he dissolved their wedlock and granted the plaintiff custody of their child. The defendant was asked to pay the sum of N5, 000 per month for his upkeep. This he stated must be carried out through the court. He was also mandated to be responsible for his education and health care. Both parties were advised to maintain peace. Oluwakemi, giving her evidence, said: “My lord, the greatest mistake I made was that of getting married to my husband. “I knew no peace since the outset of our marriage. Aside failing in his responsibility towards me and our only child, he fought me on daily basis. There seems to be no end to his beating me. Ibadan chief seeks constitutional roles for traditional… Police arrest 26 suspects in Benue during festive period —CP Oil Bunkering: Nigerian Navy hands over 57 Nigerians, 7… How Glory, 13yrs; Samuel, 8yrs and Darasimi, 3yrs died in… “I felt happy any time he was out of home because I always had my rest. But on his return, he would turn the whole house upside down. “Ibrahim was in the habit nagging and shouting at me always. He built a barrier between us and this drew us apart the more every day. “He forcefully took our child from me and handed him to his parents for care. “My lord, I pray that you put a stop to our relationship and grant me custody of our child,” Oluwakemi pleaded. Ibrahim, in response told the court: “My lord, I’m also through with my wife. Oluakemi is a disgrace to the womenfolk. “She has failed as a wife and mother. “She never had time for our child and always abandoned him. He once fell in school and was badly hurt. He was brought home by his teacher and another staff after he was attended to at the hospital. “My wife was not at home to take care of him and he was as such left at the mercy of our neighbours. “My lord, Oluwakemi did the unpardonable when she got impregnated by another man while still under my roof. Our child was just a year old then. “I decided not to have anything to do with her again since she misplaced the trust I had in her. “My lord, this was my reason for taking our child from her. I didn’t want her to influence him negatively. Our child has been with my parents for three years and he is doing fine,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE