The former governor of Ogun State, Chief Gbenga Daniel, has thrown his weight behind the establishment of the South West security outfit, Amotekun, by governors of the six states of the zone. Daniel in a statement issued on Thursday described the initiative as a good development towards the protection of lives and property of the people in the region. He noted that there was nothing wrong in establishing the regional security outfit and other similar organisations since they are meant to complement the efforts of the Nigerian Police and other security agencies in the country. The former governor submitted that the Police needs assistance since it appears to have been overstretched. ALSO READ: Tribune lauds IMCOSA’s contribution towards education growth Atiku leads Ekweremadu, Shekarau, Daniel to meet Fayose in… PDP national chairmanship beyond individual agenda ―Daniel I’ll return PDP’s lost glory ―Daniel Restructuring is for progress and development not secession… “On the legal and ethical controversy, I see Amotekun as putting a structure around what has been in existence for several years. In fact, the initiative of the Governors bring informal security outfits under the law, so it cannot be an infraction against the constitution. ” People and communities have engaged in private security concerns to protect them over the years. The Governors in their respective states are considered the Chief Executive and Security officers. Except you are now stripping them of the ‘executive’ titles. “By what right and power which is also derived from the Constitution, they can decide what form of security architecture suitable for their states and can sign cooperative agreements with anyone and any states in pursuit of that. “States do sign cooperative agreement on joint economic initiatives; Lagos and Kebbi States produced “Lake Rice” in a sort of Cooperative arrangement; there has been cooperation on Border Towns joint development etc, so I see no reasons why States can not cooperate on security which threatens them as a people of common history and heritage. “No doubt the South West was gradually becoming an endangered region in terms of security of lives and properties and before this gets out of hand, a quick and organised fix like Amotekun is desirable,” he added. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE