Following the alleged act of inhumanity meted on 14-year-old Nafi’u Alhaji Usman by a bread baker in Bajoga, Funakaye LGA of Gombe State, Governor Inuwa Yahaya has directed the immediate closure of the bakery. The governor in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant, Ismaila Uba Misilli, condemned in strong terms the reported torture of the 14-year-old boy who was allegedly kept in an oven meant for bread baking following an allegation of stealing levelled against him, describing it as greatly dehumanising and unjustifiable. The governor who said that he received the report of the incident with much sadness and annoyance said that it is unacceptable for anyone to inflict such a high degree of pain on a fellow human being for whatever reason. The manager of the bakery, who was said to have carried out the act has since been arrested by the Police, arraigned before a Magistrate Court and has been remanded in correctional custody while the bakery has been shut down by the state government. An annoyed Governor Yahaya ordered relevant state agencies in the state to follow up the matter and ensure that the perpetrator of the dastardly act faces the full wrath of the law to serve as a deterrent to others who are in the habit of such or planning to do same. ALSO READ: UTME registration: Parents, NANS hail JAMB on NIN suspension The state would foot all the hospital bills just as the governor assured that his administration will continue to protect the lives of all citizens of the state and ensure that their rights are upheld at all times. UTME registration: Parents, NANS hail JAMB on NIN suspension Appeal Court upholds ex-Lagos deputy speaker’s… 2023: Ten persons have shown interest to succeed me ― el… UPDATE: JAMB bows to pressure, suspends NIN for 2020 UTME… The governor also charged the people of the state to always report criminal activities to the Police rather than take the law into their hands as contained in the statement. Gombe State Police Command confirmed the incident stating that the accused person has been arrested and arraigned before the Chief Magistrate Court 2 in Bajoga and has been ordered to be remanded at the Correctional home while investigations continue before the next adjourned date. In a press release by the Command signed by the 2ic PPRO, ASP Yusuf Balami, it expressed displeasure over how BBC Hausa Service reported that the matter, saying it was not properly handled by the Police. The Police Command stated that it is doing everything professionally possible to ensure that justice was done in the matter stressing that there is no need for rushing it. The statement added that as soon as the case was reported at Bajoga Divisional Headquarters, Police swung into action and arrested the suspect after which he was arraigned before the Chief Magistrate Court 2 in Bajoga. The Command added that as at now, the victim is receiving treatment at the Federal Teaching Hospital in Gombe assuring that his healing progress is closely monitored by the Command. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE