Police have uncovered how suspected kidnappers killed and dismembered Anambra State-born billionaire businessman, Chief Ignatius Adunukwe. This was following the arrest of the alleged mastermind of a four-man gang and United Kingdom-trained surgeon identified as Daniel Bob Ibeaji, by Police operatives. Police arrested 42-year-old Ibeaji and his gang members including 26-year-old Arinze Uzor Igwe, 30-year-old Solomon Cletus and 35-year-old Isreal Obigaremu, all of them confessed to the killing of the businessman. The suspects, after their arrest, led policemen and journalists to a swamp in Ogombo, Ajah on Tuesday, where the body parts of the owner of Fireman Generators were dumped. Recall that Adunukwe was reported missing by his family after he failed to return to his home located at No 14, Maduke Street, off Raymond Njoku Street, Ikoyi on December 1, 2019. He was said to have left the home earlier in the day for a business meeting at Ikoyi Club. ALSO READ: Amnesty Int’l, CAN tackle Buhari over killing of Adamawa CAN chair by Boko Haram His family subsequently, wrote a petition to the Assistant Inspector-General of Police in-charge of Zone 2, Ahmed Iliyasu. Enugu State-born Ibeaji in his confessional statement told newsmen how he connived with his gang members to kill Adunukwe in his hotel room, at Artican Beach Resort, Ajah. Ibeaji, an ex-convict said: “I saw a written advert to a house at Katakpe Street in Abuja that the house was for sale. I approached the security man at the house, telling him I was interested in buying the house. “The security man called Chief Adunukwe on phone; we spoke and he said he was not in Abuja. We exchanged contacts and agreed to keep in touch for later discussion on the property. He had a function in Abuja sometimes in same September 2019, so we met and finalised discussion on the property. “We met again in Lagos in October, and we reached an agreement that the property will be sold for N900 million. I told him I will get the money ready and call him once I was ready. I called on November 30 and told him we should meet at my hotel room at African Beach Resort on December 1; that I had the N900 million cash ready. “Meanwhile, I had informed and invited Cletus, whom I met at Kuje Prison, while I was serving a jail term there and Arinze, who was a former staff of the resort to be part of the killing, promising to give them N2 million each. “So, when Chief Adunukwe came into my room, Cletus and Arinze were there. After we exchanged pleasantries, we sat down and signed the necessary documents for the purchase of the land by me. “I asked Arinze and Cletus to bring out the Ghana-Must-Go bag containing the money, and I asked Adunukwe to confirm the money in the bag. “As he bent to do so, Cletus, as planned, hit him from behind with an axe. He fell and while he was still trying to stand, we held him and I injected him with a poisonous substance which made him sleep off. “We strangled him and when I confirmed he was dead, we tried to pack his body in the bag, but we could not, so we had to cut his body into parts and packed them in the bag that was supposed to contain the money. The bag tore and we had to get a carton to also package the body parts so that people won’t suspect us. “We waited till about 8:00 p.m. when we noticed there was no one at the laundry, so Arinze, who is a former staff of the hotel, led us through the laundry and then the back door. Arinze and Cletus came to this bush to dispose of the body. Sincerely I don’t know what came over me; it was just lust for luxury that pushed me into this crime.” Cletus, however, denied hitting the deceased with an axe. He insisted that it was Ibeaji that hit the deceased with an axe and also chopped the body into parts. “I really regret my action; I only got involved in this because I needed money to start a new life after I was released from prison. Ibeaji promised me N2 million, which he was yet to give me before I was arrested,” he narrated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE