Ekiti State government has charged primary and secondary teachers in the state to redouble their efforts in the quest to reposition the education sector in the state. The Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mr Foluso Daramola who gave the charge while monitoring resumption of schools in the state for the second term of the 2019/2020, academic session reiterated the commitment of the administration of Dr Kayode Fayemi to the provision of free, qualitative and compulsory education in public  Primary and  Secondary Schools in the state. He urged the teachers to justify the huge investment of government in the education sector by being more dedicated and committed to their duties. ALSO READ: PDP tackles Ondo govt over rising debt profile The commissioner directed school administrators across the state to always forward periodic progress reports of all ongoing capital projects embarked upon by the State Government in their schools to prevent contractors from doing shoddy jobs in schools across the state. Commence academic activities immediately ― Oyo SUBEB Complete negotiation on new minimum wage not sacking our… Low turn out as schools resume for second term in Oyo Schools in Osun resume second term Daramola called on parents and guardians to always complement the government efforts at improving the standard of education in the State through the provision of school uniforms, school sandals and basic learning materials for their children and wards. He further cautioned the students against truancy, lateness and other social vices, stressing the need for them to reciprocate the good gesture of government by being more serious with their studies. Daramola called on the school authorities to reach out to the old Students and other philanthropists to complement the efforts of the government in making teaching and learning more conducive for their Students. Responding, the principal of CAC Comprehensive High School, Ado-Ekiti, Mrs Foluke Omole thanked the State Government for the prompt release of running grants to all public Primary and Secondary Schools in the State in the first term of 2019/2020 academic session. Her counterpart at the Annunciation High School, Ikere-Ekiti Mr. Olu Adeniyi hailed the State Government for constructing a block of three classrooms in his school to reduce students’ accommodation problem. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE