There was palpable tension at Lugbe community in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, over the alleged illegal invasion and demolition of structures by Houses for Africa Nigeria Limited, management of River Park Estate. Investigations by the Tribune Online revealed that the aggrieved residents of the community, popularly known as Committee on Roadside Development (CRD), Lugbe One, who have been enmeshed in conflict with the estate management, vowed to take laws into their hands if authorities concerned refuse to take appropriate actions. It was further gathered that the alleged invasion and demolition of fences and other structures began, on Wednesday, after the owners of the houses have gone to their various offices. It will be recalled that the residents of CRD had, on several occasions, staged peaceful protests to the office of the Minister of Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to lodge complaints about the land dispute. Some of the residents, who spoke with the Tribune Online complained of the government ineptitudes to resolve the tussle once and for all. ALSO READ: Oyo govt issues stop-work order on two public schools Reps pass N278.355 billion FCT statutory budget Former AGF, Adoke, returns to Nigeria from exile, after… House committee presents 2020 FCT budget report Keke NAPEP restrictions, most difficult decision FCTA must… They alleged that the estate management was using Police to intimidate and threaten them, saying if immediate action was not taken, it might snowball to chaos. One of the residents, Mrs Yinka Adeife, retiree, told the Tribune Online that she committed her pension on the project, wondering why the estate management would demolish it. Also speaking, Mr Lawal Omoniyi said: “We will retaliate if government refuse to help us. We will be forced to respond aggressively if nothing is done to stop this monster. He has resumed demolition of properties, pulling down houses claiming he is helping Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) to create roads. We appeal to the authorities in Abuja to look into our matter. We have duly signed acknowledgement copies of letters sent to the government,” he added. Others who spoke corroborated Omoniyi’s view, vowing to resist any attempt to bring their buildings down. When Tribune Online visited the Corporate Office of Houses for Africa Nigeria Limited, management of River Park Estate headed by Mr Paul Odili (Paulo), one of his staff, Bisi Apata, who attended to our Correspondent, said he could only attend to a guest who had earlier booked an appointment with him. She, therefore, promised to get back on the phone which she never did as at the time of filing this report. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE