It was an exciting moment in Aisegba Ekiti, Gbonyin local government, as the lawmaker representing the constituency at the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Princess Teju Okuyiga hosted members and executives of the All Progressives Congress (APC) from across the wards and local governments under the south senatorial district of the State. The programme which took place at her residence in Aisegba Ekiti could be described as a mending platform for some of the perceived shortcomings within the party overtime as it afforded the party faithful the opportunity to deliberate on the success and shortcomings of the party ahead of future political contest. The programme which was the first of its kind in recent time in the community was organized by the lawmaker to compliment the efforts of the party faithful towards the resounding victory recorded by the APC during the recently held local government elections in the state. Okuyiga intimated the gathering with the various laudable programmes and policies of the present government urging the people to continue to support the Fayemi led administration. She also acknowledged the role of the wife of the governor, Erelu Bisi Fayemi in the area of gender advocacy, Gender-Based Violence and awareness against harmful traditional practices in the state. Amotekun: South-West has no plan to secede from Nigeria ―… Ekiti residents express worry over delay in reconstruction… Malami can’t save you, Oyo PDP tells sacked LG Chairmen Imo: APC condemns street protests, demands arrest of PDP… Okuyiga who is the chairman, House Committee on Health, promised to continue to represent and fight the course of the people of her constituent whenever the situation demands. ALSO READ: Major quake hits Caribbean, triggering evacuations Speaking on the electricity problem in Gboyin Local Government, the lawmaker explained that the government of Dr John Kayode Fayemi was working hard at restoring light to the affected communities. She used the medium to appreciate Ekiti State Governor, Dr John Kayode Fayemi, for awarding the Road connecting Gbonyin to Ekiti East from Agbado, Ode to Isinbode and Omuo Ekiti saying such steps would ease transportation challenges and boost the council’s economy. Speaking with newsmen, some of the party leaders who were present at the event showered encomium on Okuyiga for organizing the get together which brought together members of the APC family in the area. They appreciated her for her active roles at the assembly which had also facilitated great developments to the council, as they also promised to continue to give her and the APC government support towards moving the state forward. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.