KEHINDE AKINTOLA writes on the collective decision of the members of the House of Representatives, during the week, to ask for the resignation of the country’s service chiefs following their failure to nip the rising insurgency across the country in the bud.  The resolution passed by the House of Representatives, demanding for the immediate resignation of the service chiefs over the killings by insurgents, as well as the activities of kidnappers and bandits across the country which led to the death of millions of Nigerians came as a rude shock to many Nigerians. It was more startling to one of the ranking members of the ruling party, All Progressive Congress (APC) and Majority Chief Whip, Mohammed Monguno, who raised a motion of urgent public importance on the “need to curb the incessant attacks of the Boko Haram in the North-East region” which was seconded by Beni Lar which eventually turned out to be a whirl fire. In leading the debate, Monguno, a former Commissioner for Justice and Attorney-General of Borno State, bemoaned the resurgence  of Boko Haram members in spreading terror to indigenes of the region and threatening the sovereignty of the nation. He also queried the closure of the Damturu-Maiduguri Road which has brought untold socio-economic hardships to the people of the region. He called for more checkpoints on the road instead of the outright closure of the road. For him, mere relocation of the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) and the Chief of Air Staff (CAS) to Maiduguri to personally direct troops on the ground was not enough a measure to curb the increasing insurgency. Also, chairman, House Committee on Army, Babajimi Benson, in a brief presentation, frowned at the long time it was taking the Armed Forces to vanquish the insurgents. He therefore notified the House of his committee’s invitation to the service chiefs on the progress being made to curb the menace. In his own contribution, deputy chairman, House Committee on Army, Abubakar Fulata, termed the war against insecurity nationwide as an enterprise and argued that it seemed to be a cash cow for some powerful individuals because the war has raged on for long with no end in sight. He called for the overhaul and replacement of the security personnel in the region. Lending his voice, Segun Odebunmi alleged that something unusual must be playing out politically in the war against terrorism. Noting that lives of Nigerian seemed not to matter, he said the recent trend was an embarrassment to the image of the country to the outside world. Abdulrazak Namdas said there is the need for systematic change of personnel and not a total overhaul. He called for the training of the mobile police personnel to complement the efforts of the army. This was as Zakariya Nyampa bemoaned the lack of personnel and equipment of the army in the region, especially in Adamawa State. In response, Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila, wondered why the indigenous equipment manufactured for the use of the army were not evenly distributed nationwide to complement the efforts of the army. This was as Benson said paucity of funds was a reason only a few of the equipment were made. Yusuf Gagdi bemoaned the fact that resolutions of the House seemed not to be taken seriously by ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs), urging that they should be implemented for the good of Nigerians. He said over five indigenes of Plateau State are still in the captivity of the insurgents. He praised members of the armed forces for their sacrifices and urged them to step up their efforts to tackle insurgency in the country. ‘Why we are bringing an Adventure Waterpark to Ibadan’ Comedians should be paid by Federal Government for… ‘How my brand of campus journalism gained national… Africa Magic to unveil nominees for 7th AMVCAs Thursday Shettima Ali called on the Federal Government to deploy all necessary resources to the region to save the life of Nigerian, noting that the current effort of government appeared to be a total failure. For Francis Waive, the resolve of his colleagues is a case devoid of religious and ethnic sentiments. He said every strategy for ending the war should be implemented and called on the service chiefs to be patriotic in tackling the insurgents. Ben Igbakpa said President Muhammadu Buhari should do away with service chiefs, whom he said seemed to have lost touch with reality and bring in fresh minds and ideas at the head of the military. Ahmed Jaha said recent events vindicated his claim that Boko Haram still controls large portions of the North-East and called for a shift in tactics by the armed forces, if a positive change in the war against terrorism is expected. He moved an amendment to ask for the immediate replacement of the existing service chiefs to ensure progress. Olumide Osoba said the fact that we have only one country necessitated the call for a change of guard in all the security agencies, while Shehu Koko, who also supported the call for the replacement of the service chiefs, said the activities of kidnappers and insurgents have made farmers to greatly reduce their rice farming, adding that this has grossly affected the socioeconomic life of the people of Kebbi State. Beni Lar, bemoaned the lack of progress made in the fight against Boko Haram and wondered why insurgent group seemed to be more innovative than the service chiefs. Tobi Okechukwu stated that the Nigerian Constitution stated that it was within the purview of the government to apply the provisions of Chapter 2, section 14(b) which states that the primary role of government is to provide for the safety and wellbeing of the people. He called for a practical solution to the problems of insurgency which has lasted too long and urged the House to look into the controversies surrounding the $1 trillion approved for procurement of arms, including Tucano Fighter Jet. Also speaking, Abubakar Yalleman pleaded encouragement for the service chiefs and also commended the Borno State governor and lawmakers from the region for standing against insecurity. He said the Chief of Defence Staff should be invited to brief the House on the way forward. Usman Kumo said he was not comfortable with the open-ended approach to the war against insurgency and urged Mr President to “something radical”. Kumo, while stressing the need for synergy in information exchange between security agencies, called for more equipment for the security personnel, just as he underscored the need for the executive to be on the same page with the legislature in the war against insurgency. Speaker Gbajabiamila condemned the low emoluments and wages of policemen and called for an upward review of their welfare to boost their morale and ensure recruitments of more personnel for the police force. Sergius Ogun was on the same page with the Speaker as he called for more funding and technical input into the operations of the police and armed forces. He also said the service chiefs should be invited to brief the House on measures that are been taken and progress made in the fight against insurgency. Sada Jibia expressed concern over how the tide turned against the Nigerian Armed Forces despite the time and huge resources committed to the fight against terrorism. Minority Leader, Ndudi Elumelu, stated that the insinuation that the service chiefs are making money out of the fight against terrorism was very sad, adding that if true, there should be no moral ground for the service chiefs to remain in their respective offices. Alli Adeyemi also called for the summoning of the service chiefs to brief the House on the efforts been taken to tackle insecurity. On his own part, Onofiok Luke condemned in totality the gruesome murders being perpetrated by the terrorists nationwide. He expressed sadness that the information on the planned date and date of attack by the government forces on insurgents was made public. He also regretted reports suggesting that funds for fighting terrorism are being looted by some top military chiefs and called for a change of a change of tactics and command if the explanations of the service chiefs are not acceptable by the House. Mansur Soro spoke against the impression that all the gains of the present government have been eroded recently. On his part, Usman Zanna decried the lack of sophisticated weapons by the armed forces as compared with what the insurgents have, while Mohammed Bukar called for a more lasting solution to the problem of insecurity in the North-East as a way to find lasting peace. After a robust debate on the motion, the House resolved that the service chiefs should honourably resign their appointments but in the event they refused, President Muhammadu Buhari, as the Commander-In-Chief of the Armed Forces should sack them. The House also resolved that the leadership of the National Assembly should meet with the president and the service chiefs on the issue. While ruling, the Speaker of the House, Femi Gbajabiamila, stated that the task of removing the service chiefs lies with the Commander-In-Chief of the Armed Forces, while the House of Representatives, in conforming with the principle of separation of powers, can only advise the president by resolutions, with the hope that he would act accordingly. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE