The Nigerian Association of Animal Health and Husbandry Technologists (NAAHHT) held her maiden edition of technologists’ retreat in Ibadan on Tuesday with the theme “Stepping up the livestock industry for economic diversification”,  sought to find lasting solutions to various challenges in the industry. Honourable Muyiwa Ojekunle, the Oyo State Commissioner for Agriculture and Natural Resources, who spoke at the retreat enjoined livestock professionals to work together as it would engender growth for the sector in the state and in Nigeria. The chairman, Oyo State NAAHHT chapter, Mr Kazeem Akingboye, who was also the chairman of the event said the retreat would create a positive impact in Oyo State. “Consequent to this retreat, a working document to the government on modalities to effect greater efficiency in the livestock industry and public health concerns will be developed with the expectation of positive impact”, he said. According to him, there are so many areas to tap into, such as rearing, marketing, exportation, and so many others that can boost the economy. Mr Azeez Adedayo, from the Federal College of Animal Health, also spoke with Nigerian Tribune on why they dedicated the event to a brainstorming session, to talk about ways to make the animal Health in Oyo State better. ALSO READ: FAO partners FG, to curtail growing risk of antibiotics resistance in animals Stakeholder calls for policies to drive agricultural export Youth, women participation in agriculture, key to tackle… Don wants Morocco to assist Nigerian agric using… Federal University of Agriculture, Kebbi to take off… Mr Azeez said, “we thought that we could change the norm of just partying, to one where we can brainstorm on how to move the association forward. Right now, Oyo State has just 10 animal technologists which is not supposed to be. We need at least three of these people per local government. The fact that we are short-staffed makes it a bit difficult to initiate ideas and fulfil in our livestock industries. Oyo State is the headquarters of poultry production in Nigeria but the state is not tapping into these opportunities. Abbatoirs are available but with no staff. Getting manpower there will help us make leather from animal skin, and we are ready to improve the economy with all these means, we have the resources but no chemicals. This is why we have come together in such a time as this to find ways to develop the agricultural sector in this state”. The public relations officer for the South West, Mr Oluwadara Gabriel explained that there is no link to the Oyo State government asides through the ministry and what they were clamouring for is to have more hands-on deck to make the vision they had a reality. “We have sent several proposals and explained how the abbatoir in Oyo States can be utilised if more people are employed. All we want is to make the agricultural sector better”, Mr Oluwadare said. Present at the event were also Mr Victor Alamurin, the National Vice President of the South West chapter; Mallam Abdulai Abubakar, Niger State NAAHHT chairman, Mr Odedele, Director of Livestock Service, Oyo State, and Dr Laolu Laoye from the Institute of Agricultural Research and Training, among many other representatives from across Nigeria. The event has over hundred participants registered. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.