The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has observed that the establishment of Amotekun and such other security apparatus in various parts of the country are a direct vote of no confidence on the Buhari Presidency’s handling of security in the country. Rising from a meeting, in Abuja on Wednesday, the national leadership of the main opposition party said it reached this conclusion based on wide consultation and after an extensive meeting on the security situation in the country. In statement issued by the National Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, it maintained that the failure to take a decisive step to stem the escalated wave of killings by insurgents; the refusal to rejig the security high command and a lack of commitment to track down and prosecute even confessed perpetrators of mindless killings are all pointers that the Buhari-led All Progressives Congress (APC) administration cannot guarantee the security of lives and property in our nation. The PDP also noted that the failure of the Federal Government to prosecute the war against acts of terrorism beyond lip service and condolence statements is emboldening killings, which have now degenerated to execution of compatriots, the latest being the gruesome beheading of the Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), in Adamawa, Rev. Lawan Andimi. ALSO READ: Amnesty Int’l, CAN tackle Buhari over killing of Adamawa CAN chair by Boko Haram It added: “The execution of Rev. Andimi is heartrending and like other killings, remains a sad commentary of the inability of a government to stand for its citizens at very crucial moments.” Plot to discredit Oshiomhole will fail ― Mayaki Again, terrorists kill officer, seven soldiers in Borno ADC members dump party for PDP in Ibadan southwest Sokoto rerun: APC candidate, 10,000 others defect to PDP The PDP recalled that the Buhari-led Federal Government had failed to prosecute the masterminds of the mass killings in Benue, Nasarawa, Bauchi, Taraba, Kogi, Adamawa, Borno, Yobe, Zamfara, Kaduna, Ekiti and other parts of the country under the current administration. It further stated: “Moreover, the body language, brazen acts of nepotism as well as divisive and incendiary comments by officials in the Buhari administration have continued to fuel disunity, acts of violence and insecurity in various parts of our nation. “Given the failure of the Buhari administration to guarantee the essential of government which is the security of lives and property, Nigerians across board, as homes, communities, groups, towns, even states and regions are now organizing their respective security apparatuses such as Amotekun in the South West and several others in various parts of the country to guarantee their safety. “The situation would not have degenerated to this level if the Buhari Presidency is living up to its billing on security, including listening to wise counsel by well-meaning Nigerians to rejig his security high command.” The PDP held that it is clear that the security of lives and property in the nation has gone beyond what the insensitive, divisive and incompetent Buhari administration can guarantee. Furthermore, the party stated: “Indeed, our nation has come to a stage where any genuine assistance that can be provided by states and even communities in securing lives and property should be integrated. The situation requires the collaboration of all, including the federating states.” PDP said it remains committed to all efforts toward national cohesion, security, peace, stability of the nation and all federating units in a manner that promotes good governance and national cohesion at all times. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE