The Chairman of the Southwest Governors Forum and Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, on Wednesday said there is no going back on the South-West Security outfit codenamed, Amotekun, Akeredolu who stated this in Akure during 2020 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration said governors from the region would pursue the initiative to a logical conclusion. According to him, governors from the six states of the south-west region will not fold their arms to allow banditry, kidnapping and other crimes to thrive in the region, disclosing that the governors are committed to the success of Amotekun initiative He said the initiative was designed to check incidences of banditry, kidnapping, farmers and herders clashes in the region. He explained that the Amotekun initiative was not created to rival the already existing security agencies but to complement their efforts. He added that Amotekun is not a paramilitary outfit. ALSO READ: Makinde visits Obasanjo, queries Malami’s declaration on Amotekun “It is in our quest to further curtail the menace of kidnapping, banditry and other crimes in Ondo state and the entire Southwest region that we launched Operation “Amotekun” in Ibadan on Thursday, 9th January 2020. Unemployment: CIPM to collaborate with institutions towards… Makinde visits Obasanjo, queries Malami’s declaration… Amotekun has come to stay ― Soyinka Amotekun is our right to life ― Yomi Alliyu “It is one of the many solutions being proffered to our security challenges in Western Nigeria. “We want to assure you that the activities of the personnel working for the outfit will be monitored and streamlined along with their mandate of securing lives and property of people of Ondo State and entire Western Nigeria and it will not be used for political purposes.” Speaking on the Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration, Akeredolu said “this year’s celebration is a unique opportunity to reflect on the sacrifices made in the past years by the Nigerian Armed Forces to ensure global and internal peace and security of lives and properties. “The celebration is also an avenue to reassure and identify with the loved ones and dependents of our fallen heroes. “This is usually done by paying respect annually to their departed relations and to re-affirm that the nation remains grateful for their selfless service through their contributions and sacrifice.” He commended the security agencies in the state for curbing crimes in the state “especially during the Yuletide period through ‘Operation Crocodile Smile.’ “You will agree with me that your relentless efforts towards ensuring peace and order are beginning to yield positive results in Ondo State and our dear country in general.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE