Media practitioners have been charged to bring to the fore the existential challenges confronting riverine communities in the Niger Delta region. National Coordinator of the Centre for Peace and Environmental Justice (CEPEJ), Comrade Sherrif Mulade, gave the charge on Tuesday during a media parley at CEPEJ’s headquarters in Ugolo-Okpe near Warri, Delta State. “I want to use this medium to charge all media practitioners to expose the challenges facing the riverine communities, the many sufferings of our people in terms of lack of good and accessible roads, lack of drinkable water, lack of electricity supply, quality education, health facilities and other infrastructural facilities, silting rivers due to lack of dredging, air and water pollution from oil spills, poor maintenance of the few available facilities, and lack of community funding amongst others,” he pleaded. ALSO READ: Resumption: Ekiti govt charges teachers to be more committed to duties Business mogul renews call on oil multinationals to relocate… Coordinator seeks probe of Amnesty programme activities Group appeals to Niger Deltans to allow Akpabio transform… Niger Delta yet to receive funds for capital expenditure ―… Mulade who appreciated Nigerian Tribune and other national and local media outfits for fair and balanced coverage of CEPEJ’s activities, further appealed to all media outfits to continue to “affect lives positively, directly and indirectly, speak out and to tell the world only the truth about issues in and around Nigeria at all times, and shun fake and hate news to avoid overheating the polity”. “We appreciate you deeply for your tireless efforts and contributions by visiting the riverine communities several times to capture and confirm the good works this NGO has done and is doing in those difficult geographical terrains. “The Press has helped us in publicising our call to the Delta State Government to create a Coastal Areas Development Agency, CADA, that will pilot a blueprint for the development of the riverine communities. “We commend the expertise and professionalism with which the media have communicated CEPEJ’s messages to a large audience far and near.” The event, which was organised to appreciate the media in the state, was attended by Chairman, Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Delta State, Mike Ikeogwu and heads of other local media organisations. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE