THE vice-chancellor, Ajayi Crowther University, Oyo, Professor Dapo Asaju, has read the riot act to returning students of the institution, intimating the students and their parents that the school will not hesitate to wield the big axe against anyone that flouts the laid down rules. This was made known in a New Year message sent to both the parents and students while welcoming back for the 2019/2020 academic session. The message which appeared on the school platform was obtained by our correspondent. The vice-chancellor reminded the students who were ordered to resume school on Sunday, January 5, 2020, of their agreement with the school management. Professor Asaju said: “We pray for you and our children daily. God will bring them all back safely to campus after the holidays in Jesus’ name. Kindly ensure that they (students) arrive on the date scheduled, which is 5th January 2020. Ensure that they are well dressed. Any clothes bearing sexual messages will result in immediate suspension.” He warned that the institution still frowns at “wearing of beards by males and no bad hairdo for girls. We just won’t allow them inside. Penalty for possession of drugs, hemp, condom etc. is expulsion. Warn the males that any form of sexual immorality, fighting and gangsterism will result in expulsion. 66 Oyo primary schools to benefit from UBEC programme Man butchers fellow man, eats his testicles, body parts Tawari attack: Senator Adeyemi meets NEMA, seeks immediate… Uniport undergraduate wins Princewill’s Trust December… ALSO READ: BUK honours European professor for teaching Hausa Language for 50 years “Last semester, some students destroyed properties of the university because they were forced to return to their hostel in night hours. Already 16 of them in Joseph Adetiloye hostel will face disciplinary action and may be expelled if found guilty. “Advise your children to read their books if they don’t want to fail. We are on red alert to flush out all bad students in our midst. Tell them to be careful and face squarely the purpose of their being in University. Tell the girls to behave themselves. If they’re found loitering around with aimless boys in dark or isolated places, I will expel them. “They have enjoyed freedom and pleasure during the Christmas holiday but must return to work hard. All of them must be studious, be sober and live godly henceforth and God will bless you all. We produced 44 First class graduates last year and we hope to double the figure with the current final year class. “My tenure as Vice-Chancellor remains about eight months, after which I shall return to my University, Lagos State University, as professor and teacher. Please, beg these students to behave themselves so that I will not have to exercise that painful authority of expelling any more student before I leave. “I am glad to report that we have opened our new campus along Ogbomosho road for the College of Medicine and Faculty of Engineering. Eight buildings are nearing completion already within one month and two weeks that we opened up the virgin land. Glory be to God! God bless and keep you parents and may you reap the good fruits of your labour in Jesus’ name,” he stated. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE