The Chief of Staff to Kogi State governor, Pharmacist Abdulkareem Asuku has launched Pharm. Abdulkareem Asuku Youth Empowerment Foundation (PAAYEF) to empower youths in  his community Unveiling the foundation on Thursday during his birthday celebration, the Chief of Staff said the foundation is to empower the people of his immediate community. He added that there is a need to empower the youths since they are future leader stressing that he thanked God his dream has come to reality. His words, “By His grace, this year’s birthday has been made special by the overwhelming support of friends and family who recognize and identify with my humble contributions to the society. “Certainly, I would not have come this far without your support and prayers. Without the privilege that I have received, the passion in my heart for the needy in the society would have been extremely difficult if not impossible. “Although I admit that it is a debt of gratitude that I can never sufficiently repay, I know it is imperative to mention specific persons who play important roles in the making of Asuku. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Tragedy as 3 children of same parents die in midnight apartment fire “My biological parents. Despite your lean purses, you ensured that I became empowered with quality education. I remain eternally grateful. “And to my Boss, father and mentor, His Excellency, Alhaji Yahaya Bello. You have etched your name in gold by your continuous support sir. You gave me the platform upon which I am able to touch lives on this scale. Asuku as known today is courtesy of your magnanimity. May it please the Almighty to honour you with long life and good health. “I must recognize the Rt Hon Speaker who wore many caps today. You once again showed your deep love for the weak and vulnerable. May God reward you abundantly. “I sincerely appreciate the business and the academic communities ably represented by Alh. Abubakar Sanusi Gamji and Prof Adam Ahmad Abere respectively. It gives me the joy to be at the intersection of these critical aspects of our society. I remain grateful sirs. “My wives and children. You definitely know that I have no greater asset than you guys. Thank you for supporting my cause. Fish out perpetrators of Tawari overnight attack, Gov Bello… 2020: Pray for people in position of authority, Kogi Speaker… New Kogi Police Commissioner vows to tackled kidnapping,… 2019: NDLEA arrests 103, makes 1,447.594kg drugs seizure in… “The successful unveiling of Pharmacist Abdulkareem Asuku Youth Empowerment Foundation(PAAYEF) and our continuous medical and educational outreaches testify to the unalloyed support I receive daily from the home front. A lot of health challenges are being solved. In fact, today alone, no fewer than successful surgeries were carried out. Thank you for beautifying my world. “I appreciate very sincerely my friends and colleagues in the New Direction government, my fantastic aides and every well-wisher of Gov Yahaya Bello’s administration. May we all find the means to touch lives positively. Ameen. “Finally, I cannot but appreciate all the good-spirited personalities who attended the unveiling of my foundation despite the short notice. Truly, there is no force on earth that is stronger than love. You made generous donations not only of cash but of your presence and goodwill at the unveiling of my youth empowerment foundation – this is humbling for me. Meanwhile, Speaker of the Kogi State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Prince Matthew has commended the Chief of Staff to the Executive Governor of Kogi State, Hon. Abdulkareem Asuku Jamiu on his efforts to partner with the government to reduce the menace of unemployment in the society. The Speaker who represented Governor Yahaya Bello at the occasion made the commendation at the launching of Asuku Foundation held at Afims Hotel, Okene yesterday. ALSO READ: Boko Haram: Sen Abbo applauds Nigerian Army for repelling attack on Adamawa communities According to him, he attended the occasion in double capacity as a representative of the Governor and also as an individual, stressing that it is heartwarming to see a key government officials like Hon Asuku Jamiu embark on humanitarian services that are targeted at reducing the crime rate in the state, stressing that anyone that is busy doing something will not have time to go into crimes. He said youth empowerment is one of his priority areas as a representative of the people hence he will not hesitate to partner with reputable organizations like the Asuku Foundation to reach out to the less privileged in the society. The Speaker said as part of his contributions to youth empowerment, over 200 youths are currently undergoing training to acquire requisite knowledge in different skills with National Directorate of Employment (NDE) certification. He advised the intending beneficiaries of the foundation’s kind gesture to make judicious use of the opportunities that will be provided, urging other well-meaning individuals and organizations to join Asuku Foundation to help the less privileged. He said the Kogi State House of Assembly under his watch has already passed the Youth Commission bill which has been assented to by Governor Yahaya Bello, the law has made provisions for youths engagement whereby a platform is created for the youths to explore as many opportunities that will be available. He promised that the 7th Assembly will continue to partner with relevant stakeholders to make laws that will promote good governance in the state. The Speaker donated on behalf of the Assembly and on a personal note donated to the foundation, while urg6 other well meaning individuals at the occasion to donate generously to support the works of the foundation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE