Speaker of Bauchi State House of Assembly, Abubakar Y. Sulaiman has opined that despite the various challenges and setbacks faced by the state in the past, the present administration has indicated renewed commitment to solve the problems halting its development. Speaker in a new year message to the people of the state on Wednesday, expressed optimism that the state will witness unprecedented transformation and development in this new year, 2020 calling for the understanding of the people and support to the admiration. Abubakar Sulaiman stated that “The achievements recorded from May 29, 2019, to date are clear indications that in the next three years, our dear State will undergo an unprecedented transformation in all sectors of human endeavour.” He added that “This journey to creating new Bauchi State will take an advanced level in 2020 with the Budget passed into the law of by the Honourable House and assented by His Excellency Governor, Bala Mohammad.” Iraqi militias start withdrawing from US embassy Alleged herdsmen invasion: Avoid spreading fake news, Fayemi… Cleric tasks APC leaders to pray against party break-up… 2020: We’ll do our best to make Kogi most prosperous,… “I am optimistic that, as we enter 2020, Bauchi State will soon be the envy of other States for our rapid growth and development,” the Speaker declared. ALSO READ: Alleged herdsmen invasion: Avoid spreading fake news, Fayemi urges Ekiti residents Abubakar Suleiman, however, pointed out that nation-building is the responsibility of all and therefore charged all people of the State to discharge their civic responsibilities by being patriotic, law-abiding and promoters of peace and unity. He hoped that the year 2020 will be a year of more commitment, prosperity and peace to the people of Bauchi State and the country at large. This is even as the Speaker pledged that Bauchi State House of Assembly which is APC dominant will pass many laws that will ensure rapid development of the State especially in the area of education, health, infrastructure and creation of employment opportunities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.