The police in Lagos State have arrested three members of a syndicate that reportedly break into warehouses in the state to steal goods. The police also recovered three hundred bags of fertilizer, which were stolen by the gang members from a warehouse belonging to Flour Mills. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana confirmed the arrest of the suspects to the Nigerian Tribune The police spokesperson in a statement on Wednesday said: “On 24th December 2019 at about 4:30 pm, Bode Thomas Police Station received a complaint from the Chief Security Officer, Iganmu Flour Mill that their warehouse was broken into by unknown persons and about three hundred bags of Fertilisers were stolen.” “A team of detectives from Bode Thomas Police Station and crime scene experts was deployed to the scene,” the police image maker added. Lawmaker urges residents to refrain from destroying… Sanwo-Olu grants clemency to inmates at Christmas Lagos PDP wants APC to give account of 20-year stewardship Sanwo-Olu seeks collaboration with private sector to revamp… He also stated that: “a thorough analysis of the scene revealed a constructive breaking which depicted the fact that there was an insider’s collaboration.” ALSO READ: Mbaka predicts shock in 2020, says Uzodimma of APC will take over Imo State Elkana also said, “the security guard of the warehouse was taken to the Station for questioning and investigation was extended to Daleko market, Mushin where the stolen Fertilisers were recovered from a warehouse on 31st December 2019.” “The Fertilisers were sold to some buyers from Kano at the rate of N4000 per bag and they were at the point of moving them away when Police stormed the market.” He also confirmed that “the truck used in conveying the stolen fertilizers was impounded. Three suspects namely, Prince Banjo Adeleke ‘m’ 57 years old from Ijebu, Ogun state, James Dalex ‘m’ 52 years from Mangu Local Government, Plateau State, and Haladu Junaidu ‘m’ 52 years from Dala Local Government, Kano State was arrested.” The police spokesperson also said before the Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu has directed the State Criminal Investigation Department Yaba to take over the case and charge suspects to court. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.