Dressed in the academy’s traditional white shirt and trouser school uniform matched with navy blue and red tie, old students of Baptist Academy class of ‘85 and ‘89 under the auspices of Baptist Academy Old Students Association, BAOSA converge on the school auditorium in Obanikoro, Lagos for thanksgiving and reunion dinner. To the distinguished gathering of old boys and girls, it’s payback time to the Academy that has instilled in them discipline and high moral values. The reunion, according to them, is also an opportunity to honour committed and dedicated members of BAOSA who have served and contributed immensely to the growth of the association selflessly. BAOSA ’85-89 sets reunion party is not organised for members to dance, wine and dine alone, according to an old student and Chief Executive Officer of BP Vision Ltd, Michael Asuelime, the reunion is also held to empower and create an avenue for a non-interest loan to ease the burden of needs of less-disadvantaged old students, honour deserving members with award of excellence and to also donate set of furniture to the academy to aid students’ learning. In his speech as Chairman, BAOSA ’85-89 sets, speaking on the essence of the reunion, a chartered stockbroker and accountant, Oladeji Popoola disclosed that the reunion is about the need to reconnect with many friends that have been of influence on each other for many years. He said, “We are grateful that we have the opportunity to gather today to celebrate over 30 years of life after high school. Our lives have followed many paths over the years. There have been many twists and turns. We have celebrated great joys in our individual lives and we have suffered great pains. In spite of these, we are grateful to God for the partnership we have with Him and that His grace has been sufficient for all of us in times of celebration and trials.” According to Popoola, the reunion is not just another party. He said, it is about lifting the less-disadvantaged among the old students that struggle to make ends meet. He hinted, “We are happy to say that we are empowering the first set of people among us with tricycle. Plans have also been concluded to establish an empowerment fund for members that have business ideas and opportunities but lack the finance capacity to fund it. We don’t want a situation whereby any member would found it difficult to pay house rent or children school fees.” A New York, United States of America based Professor of Medicine, Adeyinka Adebayo, BAOSA, 83/88 set, who is also one of the recipients of the award of excellence, said hard-work, diligence and paying attention to details always pay good dividends. He said, “We were taught that there is no shortcut to success in life. I graduated from this prestigious academy 31 years ago. As students, we were imparted with high moral standards, the doctrine of discipline and paying attention to details. We were made to understand that hard-work and diligence give good dividends in life. These were the principles that more or less shape my life that I will not depart from. They have been my guiding principles both in my private and professional life.” Adebayo who flew into Lagos from his base in New York for the event shared his favourite memories at the academy. He stated, “There are lots of good memories associated with some of the pranks we played as little boys. We had lot of fun. We use to go for literary and debating society where we compete with other schools. At one point, we came first in one of the quiz competitions in Lagos state in 1984/85. It was actually one of the highlight of my student life in this prestigious academy.” ALSO READ: Polytechnic students condemn NERC’s hike in electricity tarrif 66 Oyo primary schools to benefit from UBEC programme Man butchers fellow man, eats his testicles, body parts Tawari attack: Senator Adeyemi meets NEMA, seeks immediate… Uniport undergraduate wins Princewill’s Trust December… Another old student, Michael Asuelime, a creative Director of Music and Film incorporated services and Chairman, reunion planning committee, on his part, said Lagos Baptist Academy taught him to be anxious of success but not to be desperate. Recounting his days at the academy, he said, “Back in the days, our seniors would give you N10 to buy stuffs during break-time worth more than N15 and they would still ask for balance. They were unkind to us but looking back now, it was fun. They taught us never to be desperate but to be anxious for success. We keep working hard. We push down barriers. We break down every wall to get results. That is who we are. That is the way we were trained. And that is the hallmark of a true Baptist Academy student.” Assuring members of BAOSA of the readiness of the association towards their welfare, Lanleyin Olasunkanmi, Secretary, BAOSA reunion planning committee said in line with the association’s slogan, the welfare of members would be addressed. Lanleyin stressed that in every clime, some people are at a more advantaged position than others, it is therefore the desire of BAOSA to bridge this gap. He stated, “Our welfare committee is saddled with the responsibility of taking care of the needs of all members. We realise that a few of our members are higher up in financial status while some are lagging behind. So, in order to bridge this gap, a tricycle was given to one of us to serve as an empowerment. This is in line with our motto “one for all, all for one”. Ours is to ensure that our members that are less-privileged are comfortable with the basic things of life. They must be able to pay their children schools, feeding and house rent without stress. This is why a non-interest fund is set aside to support those that have business ideas but lack the ability to finance it. Our reunion goes beyond just partying, it is also to assist one another and give back to the school.” At the centre of the empowerment was an old student of the academy class of ’86 set, Sikiru Memudu who lost his job and his wife almost at the same period. Sikiru is one of the committed members of BAOSA. In spite of his lack, he found out time to attend to the call of the association and when the need for the empowerment arises, he was considered. After he was presented with a tricycle, highly elated Sikiru cannot hold back his joy, said, “I really thank the executives and members of BAOSA for this empowerment. What can I say other than a very big thank you to you all especially to the 1986 set. You all stood by me during my trials since I lost my wife and job about three years ago. Without your efforts and assistance, things could have gone worse but you gave me hope and something to live for. I thank you all. May God almighty be with all of us. I pray by this time next year, I will be among those that will donate to the association.” The highpoints of the reunion party was the giving out of awards to deserving members of the academy who have excel in their chosen profession and shown commitment and dedication to the cause of the association. Some of the recipients of BAOSA award for excellence include Prince Adewale Taoreed Ojora, former CEO, Lagos State Law Enforcement Training Institute, LETI, Deji Popoola, CEO, Fina Trust Microfinance Bank, an entertainment enthusiast, Michael Asuelime, Chinedu Orih, Ayodeji Fadoju, Prof Adebayo Adekoya, Prof Adeyinka Adebayo amongst other. BAOSA Life Time Commitment Award were giving to Houston Ehiabhi, Samson Kuyinu both president and vice-president of BAOSA 85-89 set UK Chapter respectively and Babatunde Abejoye, General Secretary, BAOSA 85-89 set, Lagos chapter. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE