The Okanlomo of Ibadan land, Senator Rilwan Adesoji Akanbi has said that he is deeply saddened by the recent inferno that gutted the Akesan market in the ancient town of Oyo in Oyo State. The fire, which started around 12:30 a.m on Sunday morning, destroyed goods worth several millions of naira mostly clothing, food items, household utensils and more. In a statement issued by the senator and made available to the Nigerian Tribune, Senator Akanbi said, “Today, I received with deep sadness the news of the inferno that engulfed the popular Akesan market in Oyo town. I can only imagine the pain of watching helplessly while one’s source of livelihood is being razed and my prayers are with all the traders who have been affected by this unfortunate incident. It is quite regrettable that all attempts to extinguish the fire and salvage some of their goods failed. But most painful for me is the loss of three lives during the protest that followed the incident. After the Almighty Allah has shown us great mercy by ensuring that no life was lost in the inferno, it is most painful that such needless deaths had to occur during the protest against the reported failure of the Fire Service to stop the fire. ALSO READ: Police arrest housewife for allegedly pushing her co-wife, baby into well UPDATE: One dead, three injured as fire razes Akesan market… Nigeria must regulate admission age of pupils in secondary… Beam your security searchlight on Oke Ogun, group urges… 2020 budget: Why Makinde gave education second highest… “I am of the opinion that this should not be swept under the carpet and the police would leave no stone unturned in unravelling the circumstances that led to the deaths of these three youths”. Expressing his condolences to the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi and the government of the state, he said, “I wish to seize this opportunity to condole with our father, the Alaafin of Oyo, Iku Baba Yeye, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi on these series of sad events. It is my prayer that such calamity will not befall the peaceful Oyo kingdom again. I also wish to commiserate with the Governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde on this sad incident. I commend you for swinging into action immediately and showing solidarity with our people. I believe efforts would be ongoing to provide support for victims of the fire but beyond this, the incident reminds us all as leaders to put more effort into disaster management to curb future occurrences. Perhaps the Oyo State Fire Service now needs special attention. Also, the people of Oyo town, particularly those whose sources of livelihood have been wiped out need us all now and I call on the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and the Oyo State Emergency Management Authority (OYSEMA) to provide adequate support and relief items. This is also a time for the people of Oyo state to feel the impact of the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development. The Akesan Market is a very important market that plays a huge role in the economy of Oyo State and South-West Nigeria generally. Therefore, I call on the Minister, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, to quickly intervene to ensure that succour comes to all Nigerian citizens affected by the inferno”. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE