The National Association of Polytechnic Students (NAPS) has condemned the increase in electricity tariff by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission. This disclosure was made known in a statement issued by the union’s president, comrade Ijaduoye Olasunkanmi Adetoye. The union urged the regulatory body to exigently reverse the proposal, noting that it would further compound the hardship faced by Nigerians. “Nigerians are perhaps the most oppressed people in the world as per power supply. We pay for electricity transformers, cable and even finance maintenance costs. The electricity distribution companies have not been restrained in the fraud they are perpetuating by NERC. This attempt is not only inhumane, but it is also an attempt to undermine the dignity of our people” Recall that electricity distribution companies (DisCos) have the mandate of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) to effect the tariff increase from April. But the students’ body pointed that the supposed increase did not commiserate the service enjoyed by Nigerians. DisCos will enforce new electricity tariff in April ― ANED Power: NERC orders tariff review from April Electricity billing: NERC orders DisCos’ transition to… Blackout looms as GenCos threatens shutdown over alleged… “We have read the assumptions that guided the price increases which include exchange rate of N310, generation cost of N23 per kWh, transmission cost of N7.8 per kWh, transmission and admin cost of N3.99 per kWh but we are yet to see, feel and comprehend the impacts of these conjured figures in relation to the electricity consumed by ordinary Nigerians. ALSO READ: PDP tackles Ondo govt over rising debt profile “Our businesses are comatose, SMEs are closing up by the day, yet instead of finding a lasting solution to the insufficient power capacity, obsolete infrastructure and dismal waste inherent in the power sector, the NERC and selfish Distribution Companies are seeking to increase prices.” The union, therefore, reiterated its commitment to guiding the basic interest of Nigerians, calling on the federal government to reverse the policy as the hike is dead on arrival. “This statement is a clear warning to all stakeholders concerned including the Federal Government to tread caution and halt any plans for increase in electricity rates. “Our noble association is ever ready with its over one million battalion of dogged students to ensure that we get nothing short of justice for the masses.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE