Three suspected herdsmen were on Friday arrested in Ekiti State for allegedly barricading the highway and robbing commuters of their possession. Those arrested were: Usman Ibrahim, Ali Salisu and Sidikia Manbagri. The bandits were alleged to have mounted roadblock along Usho Road in Ise Ekiti,  in Ise/Orun local government area of Ekiti State and robbed motorists with guns and other dangerous weapons. TribuneOnline gathered from residents of the town that five suspected herders started the highway raid at about 10 am, where they terrorised the people and dispossessed them of their monies and other valuables. Upon sighting the gun-wielding highway robbers,  some members of the public had called the police emergency security lines, who rushed to the scene to arrest the men of the underworld. ALSO READ: Anambra health commissioner applauds EU, WHO collaboration Kogi Commissioner of Police condemns attack on Tawari NGO engages police in fight against drugs Abuja bank robbery: Police nab fleeing gang member 447 pensioners receive gratuity in Ekiti A police source said, “Information reached the police at about 10.15 am that five herdsmen mounted roadblock along Usho Road in Ise Ekiti terrorising the road users with dangerous weapons like daggers and cutlasses. “A police patrol team swung into action and arrested two of them, Usman Ibrahim and Ali Salisu on the spot while the remaining three fled into the bush. “Upon combing the bush for the fleeing suspects, another suspect, named Sidikia Manbagri, was arrested. Our men are still in the bush to find the remaining two suspects.” Confirming the arrest, the Commissioner of Police, Ekiti state command, Mr Asuquo Amba, said, “ Some men suspected to be herdsmen mounted a roadblock. We are still into it to find out why they behaved that way. We will brief the press on further development.” Also speaking about the incident, the Chairman, Joint Security Committee of Emure, Ise and Ikere council areas, Elder Tunji Falana, applauded  the police for their quick intervention which he said saved the situation, Falana appealed for increase in the number of police personnel in the area, said, “Ise has about 300 farmsteads and over 30 routes. The police need more men and vehicles. Prevention is better than cure. The police here are working under very difficult conditions with abysmal police to the civilian ratio of 1:7500.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE