Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said that the state government is considering upscaling of the Alausa Independent Power Project (IPP) which currently operates a 10.40 power plant to generate constant electricity to meet current realities in the state. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this known, on Thursday, while speaking with newsmen shortly after inspecting the facility at Alausa, Ikeja. The governor said the power plant was very strategic to operations of government as it caters for the power needs of the state secretariat and street lighting of so many streets in the state capital. According to him, part of the reasons for his inspection to the site is to see early in the year how his government can optimise the plant’s current usage of the plant, among others. ALSO READ: 2020: Lagos’ll invest heavily in waterways, rail transportation ― Sanwo-Olu Police arrest security man, 2 others with stolen 300 bags of… Lawmaker urges residents to refrain from destroying… Sanwo-Olu grants clemency to inmates at Christmas Lagos PDP wants APC to give account of 20-year stewardship “It is a power plant for Alausa and it powers a lot of adjoining street lights as far as Ojudu, Ogba, Oworonshoki and it also powers towards Ikeja.” This was just as Sanwo-Olu said the facilities in the state had since grown above its capacity when it was installed eight years ago by the Babatunde Raji Fashola administration, saying there was a need to expand the IPP to effectively take the new facilities. He said the state government had plans to build more infrastructure within the state. “One of the reasons we are here is to see how we can optimise the usage of the plant. It is part of the requirements. “We are discussing with our partners on how we can upscale it. We are still going to come with two new facilities. What we have here cannot meet the requirements,” Sanwo-Olu said. It would be recalled that former Governor Fashola who inaugurated the plant in 2013, said that the IPP would improve the efficiency of the Lagos State Public Service. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.