The Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, on Thursday, said he would celebrate 100 young Nigerians that have been exceptional in their fields and enhanced their communities through their crafts. A statement from the palace of the Ooni, made available to Tribune Online, said the selected youths would be celebrated through Royal African Young Leadership Forum. The monarch said the move was in line with his resolve to use the throne for the development of the youths in the country. He said he has since his ascension to the throne been dedicating his time to the millions of youths across the world and elevation of Africa. The statement said: “Since my ascension to the throne of my forbearers which is dedicated to the millions of youth across the world, rebuilding the mission of Africa’s greatness has been my Royal calling where young people are at the epicentre. Emir of Kano, Ooni of Ife, others to attend reggae music… Makinde, Ooni, others to be honoured by Ibadan recreation… Ooni, Olubadan inaugurate Ilaji art gallery Amosun, Sunny Ade, others converge on Ife for Ooni’s… ALSO READ: Awolowo, Fela’s statues not destroyed ― Lagos govt “Therefore, I’m committed to advancing this movement of celebrating our future leaders and the time to take the bull by the horn is now as they remain the heartbeat of our future trajectories and the greatness of our nation. “Through the multipurpose vehicle of my Royal African Young Leadership Forum, I will be celebrating 100 exceptional young Nigerians, who have shown exemplary progress in their fields of endeavours and enhanced their communities through their crafts. “Upon this premise,  I would like to employ all leaders of every institution both private and public to join hands with me in standing up for our younger generations. “If we do not tell their success stories no one would tell it for them. I have taken it upon myself to celebrate their national and global outstanding successes which is must for me. This is a continuous celebration of excellence that will last forever.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE