The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has told the National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC) that President Muhammadu Buhari has no need to remind Nigerians that he will leave office in 2023. This followed Oshiomhole’s statement rationalizing Buhari’s decision to use his New Year message to assure that he will not stay in office beyond his current term, which ends in 2023. The PDP in a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, its National Publicity Secretary in Abuja on Thursday counseled the APC boss to stop pushing the APC third term discourse in the public space. The party further advised him to desist from going to the Presidential villa “to push the impossible as such will not save him from the axe of suspension dangling over his political head or his inescapable prosecution over allegations of corruption and mismanagement of Edo state resources while he was governor of that state.” The PDP further noted that “such mission to the Villa, like the one Oshiomhole made today (Thursday), will also not save the APC from fizzling before 2023, as even alluded to by President Muhammadu Buhari in his apprehensions about the gloomy future of the the APC.” Fire razes storey-building in Warri Makinde to sacked LG Chairmen: File another suit if… Herdsmen influx: Ondo govt denies plans to settle Fulani… Gov Sani Bello cautions pilgrims against absconding He added: “Mr. Oshiomhole should therefore stop sounding like a broken brass in his attempt to launder a failed merchandise. ALSO READ: Fire razes storey-building in Warri “Of course, Nigerians need not be reminded, of the exit date of an administration that has caused them so much pains, abused our law, trampled on their rights and undermined our electoral process. “It would interest Oshiomhole to know that if anything, Nigerians are already counting days for May 29, 2023, when the APC and the Buhari administration will be consigned to the dustbin of history. “Oshiomhole should, therefore, accept the fact that Nigerians have moved ahead towards 2023 and that the APC is not in their equation.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.