A man, Adedamola Balogun has dragged his wife, Fausat Balogun before Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, praying that it dissolve their 22-year-old marriage. Adedamola alleged that his wife was morally loose and that one of her lovers sent assassins after him. The plaintiff in addition to his plea of divorce also entreated the court to grant him custody of their three children whom according to him, the defendant failed to take care of. Fausat who admitted to claim stated that his case was like that of the pot calling the kettle black. The defendant told the court that the plaintiff not only had strings of lovers, but he brought them to their matrimonial home and slept with them on their bed. The defendant refused that the plaintiff had custody of their children. She stated that aside neglecting them, the plaintiff is presently married to her friend. Fausat told the court she has no confidence in a friend who was daring enough to marry her husband. According to her, such a person could harm her children. The court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, after he had heard both parties stated that more facts would be needed before judgment was given. Ruling, Odunade adjourned the case till February 10 and asked both parties to come to court along with their children. Adedamola told the court: “My lord, I loved my wife dearly and did all I could to make her happy. “I set her up in hairdressing business and provided her with the necessary tools but she later proved she was an ingrate. “Fausat betrayed me by engaging in extra marital affairs. She suddenly took to coming home late from work and would always use her customers as an excuse. I believed her because I loved her but I never knew I was being fooled. “She neglected our children and became indifferent to their welfare. “I started becoming suspicious of her when I saw the picture of a strange man on her phone. I asked who the man was but she couldn’t give any reasonable explanation. “Fausat is promiscuous and in the habit of lying to cover up her immoral acts. “My lord, she once dated two men at the same time. She divided her time between both men and automatically made herself unavailable at home. It was our neighbours and friends who led me into her secret. “We fought over this issue and she left home and moved in with her mother. To my surprise, Fausat still went on with her illicit affair with one of these men right under her mother’s nose. “Her lover planning to humiliate me lied against me and got me arrested with the police, but I was released after they had heard my side of the story. “Not yet done, he again sent assassins after me, but they failed in their mission.” He added that:”Fausat left our children with me when she packed out and I rose up to the responsibility of taking care of them. I made their feeding and education top on my list and they were happy. Aside from learning, do you have spare time  and what do you… Our son told me her mother shared our bed with a strange man… Mike, Mayorkun unveiled as Budweiser ambassadors Anxiety and loss of appetite: What is the link? “But she came and took them away from me on the pretext that she wanted them to attend her uncle’s burial. “My lord, aside starving our children, Fausat failed to enroll them in school. While other children are in school learning, ours roam about the neighbourhood looking hungry and unkempt. “Her sister who was displeased with the state of the children called me and implored that I come for them which was the major reason I came to court. “My lord, I pray this honourable court to please put an end to our union and grant me custody of our children so that I can take good care of them,” he said. Fausat giving her evidence said: “My lord, I got married to my husband because I loved him, but he no more has a place in my heart which is the reason for acceding to divorce, “the defendant said. “It is true that he gave me N30, 000 to start a business but he failed to tell the court I was feeding him and our children from my proceeds. “Adedamola had no regard for me and was indifferent to my feelings. He accused me of infidelity but he’s also morally bankrupt.  His case is that of the pot calling the kettle black. “Adedamola started dating other women early in our marriage. He did not only date them but would bring them to our matrimonial home and sleep with them on our bed. “We experienced a strain in our relationship as a result of his behaviour which led to my moving out of his house to my parents’ place. “My lord, while I was with my parents, Adedamola dashed out my dryer to one of his girlfriends. “I moved back to his house after our parents mediated in our differences but he failed to change. “I once went to the market but had to turn back mid way when I realised I had forgotten my purse and phone at home. I went back but was shocked to find my husband in bed with another woman. I believe he thought I was going to create a scene, but I simply took my purse and phone, left the room and shut the door behind me. “At another time, he humiliated me by insisting I must kneel and apologise to one of his girlfriends whom he brought home and had sex with for speaking rudely to her,” the defendant stated. “I packed out of his house and moved to my parents’ place partly because of shame. Adedamola turned me into an object of ridicule in our compound and neighbourhood because of his randy nature. “My lord, I left him four years ago and I no longer love him. I’m now married to another man who cherishes me and that’s the person he referred to as my lover. He’s not my lover but my husband. “Adedamola once came to my parents’ house before my second marriage to harass me. He beat me up in the presence of my mother, tore my clothes and left me naked. He further stole N11, 000 from my purse. “My lord, I plead with this honourable court not to grant him custody of our children. Adedamola is presently married to my friend. I believe a friend who is daring enough to take my place can do anything to our children. “He lied that they are out of school. I enrolled them in a private school and they are happy because they are getting the best of care, “she concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE