Governor Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger state has tasked security agencies on the need to adopt a holistic approach to tackling the resurfaced banditry attacks in some parts of the state. The Governor, who stated this while commiserating with the Nigerian Army over the loss of Four of its personnel in a recent ambush by bandits in Munya local government area of the state, has described the attack as sad and unfortunate. In a statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mrs Mary Noel Berje, the governor stated that the government will continue to explore all avenues to ensure that peace returns to the state. “Normalcy had earlier been restored to these areas until the recent attack by the bandits who were said to have laid ambush on the soldiers on routine patrol in the area,” said the release. Gov Bello vows to tackle insecurity in Niger Niger govt to support corps members with interest in… LG Poll: Gov. Bello congratulates 25 newly elected chairmen NDLEA nabs suspect with 1,072kg of marijuana in Niger ALSO READ: Bus conductor in court for allegedly stealing two wristwatches She stated further that the government will ensure that the needed support required by the security outfits will continue to be provided and sustained by the state government. While acknowledging that the bandits may have crossed the river from the neighbouring Kaduna state to launch attacks across some local communities in Niger state, the state government reiterated that the issue of insecurity is a collective battle which must not be left to the security agencies and government alone. Governor Sani Bello, however, appealed to all citizens, particularly those living within the border communities, to remain proactive, provide security agencies with relevant information that will lead to the thwarting of potential attacks by the rampaging bandits and report any unsuspecting individual or groups that might be connected with any form of crimes and criminalities in parts of the state. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE