It is indescribable to state that our legislators, representatives, mouth piece who we think should be trusted and honourable individuals would forget the intention and the original agenda of the present administration to make a budget as if we were far away from economic challenges. We are suffering, smiling and dying. This is a time we have to spend wisely. This is not a time to show that we are swimming in money; there is no money to waste. The means of income generation is reducing everyday and the idea of budgeting N37 billion for National Assembly renovation is an unnecessary window dressing which Nigeria cannot afford in the present economic crises. This is uncalled-for. This is using a bad approach to chase away a good intention. The good intention I think the present administration has is to cut our coat according to our cloth and look for means of generating income What are we going to benefit from that?  I don’t want to imagine or believe that we are doing it so that other countries will know that we are super-rich and giant of Africa on empty stomach. Probably to be considered as a country that has a beautiful national assembly Building but is full of jobless citizens. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC Do we wish to have a state-of-the-art national assembly when most of our roads are not motorable? Do we wish to have a king-size budget for a non-income yielding project when our educational budge is tight and lean? I think that our quest for a responsible and honest government should not end at making sure that the monies collected to run projects are accounted for, but should also consider that the monies meant to run projects are worth the projects being run. I think that the change agenda should consider proper contract evaluation or assessment to establish the true worth of the contract but whether the contract is worth the price or consideration, embarking on projects without adequate consideration of the present economic realities of the country now amounts to nonchalance, inconsideration and apathy.  Chiemela N. Agu, chibagaila@gmail.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.