A security expert, Ambassador Amos Olaniyan, has appealed to the Federal Government to have a rethink on its declaration that Operation Amotekun, the Southwest joint security network is illegal, adding that the government needs to think of the welfare of the people to understand that the security outfit is a not a threat but a laudable initiative that should be supported to achieve its objectives. Olaniyan, the Chief Executive Officer of Crime Alert Security Network, while reacting to the declaration of the Minister of Justice that Operation Amotekun is illegal, stated that the government studies the motive behind the establishment of the security outfit, it will understand the that every region needs community-based intelligence gathering committee which is the part of reasons for the establishment of the security outfit. According to him, the security situation in the country has gone beyond what the Federal Government alone can handle because insurgency requires every individual being involved to provide information which is the first and most important aspect of fighting crime. “Before considering the legal status of the outfit, the Federal Government should also consider the impact the security outfit could make in combating crime in the region as local hunters and vigilante did in the fight against Boko Haram in the North. If the battle against crime will be won, issue of security should not be politicised and every effort aimed at curbing insecurity must be supported, even if it is from individuals because government alone cannot do it. He urged security agencies to see members of the Amotekun network as partners in the fight against crime, adding that local vigilantes are a basic component in ridding the community of crime, adding that the police and other law enforcement agencies need the help of relevant groups especially the local security outfits like Oodua Peoples’ Congress, local hunters, Agbekoya and others to record success in their efforts against insecurity. Amotekun: Ignore FG, Malami, SMBLF tells south-west govs Amotekun: We will respond appropriately to FG’s… FG warns against illegal mining operations We’II work for success of Amotekun, Oodua youth group… ALSO READ: Reps applaud Armed Forces’ role in democratic dispensation “Looking at the contribution of the local security agents in the fight against Boko Haram in the North, is the evidence that government security agencies need the support of local people who understand the nature of their community, they are part of the community and the bad eggs in various communities know these people which is enough to caution them from perpetrating their evils,” he said. He explained further that if law enforcement agencies could extend the hand of collaboration to members of Operation Amotekun, their stress will be minimal in the fight against, robbery, kidnapping and other vices that are threatening the peace of the region. Speaking on the notion that Amotekun operatives will have a clash of interest with police and may become a menace, Ambassador Olaniyan said “that can never happen, police is a security outfit established by law and everybody knows that operation Amotekun cannot prosecute, so there is no way Operation Amotekun could do the work of the police, all the police needs to do is to see them as partners in progress if the fight against crime would be successful.” He also admonished members of Operation Amotekun to try as much as possible to work within the framework given to them and not see the chance as an avenue to display unnecessary power. “One thing they should know is that all eyes are on them, they should not go beyond their boundary, they have to know their limit and ensure that they set good example in anything they do. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE