The member representing Michika/Madagali federal constituency of Adamawa State in the House of Representatives, Hon Zakariah Nyampa, on Sunday, enjoined the authorities to beef up security in Michika area of the State which again came under heavy attack by the Boko Haram insurgents at the weekend. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja, the lawmaker said the call became necessary in order to avert the recurrence of the attack by members of the terroristic group. Hon Zakariah, who recalled the ordeal faced by his constituents during the attacks, lamented that the whereabouts of a cleric, Reverend Father Lawan, who is the DCC secretary of Michika remained unknown after the attack. The lawmaker, who is a member of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), particularly called for the deployment of additional trucks to soldiers who successfully repelled the recent attacks by the insurgency group in Michika. ALSO READ: Tawari attack: Governor Bello visits Koto, assures community of immediate support, security Anambra guber: We are ready to take over from Obiano in… 2023: PDP chieftains must seek forgiveness from Nigerians… Reps move to criminalise non-remittance of IGR by statutory… Gbajabiamila commiserates with Kaduna govt over gas… He canvassed for more logistic supports for the military personnel stationed in Michika to be able to withstand subsequent attack by the terrorist group. According to him: “The effort by the Nigeria Army is well commendable but they need more trucks because the Boko Haram Terrorists also destroyed the only truck they had in Michika. “Our people had to run helter-skelter when they heard that the terrorists were approaching the town. We thank God for their lives but the only civilian casualty is the missing pastor whose whereabouts is still unknown “We want the Government to intensify efforts to rescue the missing Cleric, Rev. Lawan, the DCC secretary of Michika. Government should also provide more trucks to border areas like Michika “I am also calling on all our people to support the Nigerian army in this fight against Boko Haram as both the federal government and the states government are making efforts to restore peace in the community “When the Boko Haram attacked Michika on the 2nd January, the Army quickly swept into action killing most of the terrorists and pursued them towards Lassa river where they lost one of their truck to Nigeria army.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE