There were fears in some quarters on Tuesday that Thursday’s takeoff of the Western Nigeria Security Network codenamed “Amotekun” may be suspended. This according to a source may be due to disquiet within the Presidency about the rationale and operationalisation of the outfit. According to some sources, owing to unclear interpretations about the operations of Amotekun, the Presidency had invited governors and security stakeholders of the six south-west states to an emergency meeting to hold in Abuja on Wednesday. Among others, the federal government is said to be keen on knowing whether the security outfit is not against the nation’s security architecture. Meanwhile, in preparation for Thursday’s launch, about 30 Hilux vehicles branded in Amotekun leopard logo and red colour are currently on display at Oyo State Secretariat, Ibadan. ALSO READ: Gov Ishaku debunk report of illegal security camp outfit discovered in Taraba Ex-servicemen, war veterans promise expertise assistance for… Technology may fail operation ‘Amotekun’ in… Buhari south-east development policies will attract more… Ogun raises N1bn to fight insecurity The outfit is billed to be a conglomerate of traditional security outfits like the police, army while vigilantes, hunters and members of the Oodua Peoples Congress will also be trained to provide their own inputs. However, speaking with Nigerian Tribune about Thursday’s event, Director General, Development Agenda for Western Nigerian (DAWN) Commission, Mr Seye Oyeleye, however, maintained that the event will go on as scheduled. It’s going on; it’s happening on Thursday at 11 am; why not? It is going ahead on Thursday. I will rather not answer the question about governors meeting towards the launch on Wednesday for some reasons. Let’s wait for everything to unfold on Thursday. I know that absolutely it is holding on Thursday,” Oyeleye said. Following incidences of insecurity, governors of the South West had at a summit organized by the Development Agenda for Western Nigeria (DAWN) announced their resolve to form a regional and all-encompassing security outfit motivated mainly to stem all forms of insecurity in the region. The summit came on the heels of the killing of the daughter of Afenifere leader, Rueben Fasoranti, on the Ondo-Ore road by suspected herdsmen. In his New Year message, the Ekiti State Governor, Kayode Fayemi, had affirmed that the security outfit would begin operation on Thursday. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE