The recent beheading of 10 persons suspected to be Christians by Islamist militants in Nigeria has sparked a fresh condemnation by Bishop Mathew Hassan Kukah, who accuses the government of using different methods to achieve the same goal of Islamic dominance. The Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, further compares the government with Boko Haram, saying the only difference is the later make used of a bomb to achieve their aim. He condemned the Christmas Day attack by Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) and that of attack by Boko Haram on Christmas Eve while speaking with Catholic charity Aid to the Church in Need of his disgust with the authorities. He said: “The only difference between the government and Boko Haram is holding a bomb. “They are using the levers of power to secure the supremacy of Islam, which then gives more weight to the idea that it can be achieved by violence. “With the situation in Nigeria, it is hard to see the moral basis they have to defeat Boko Haram. “They have created the conditions to make it possible for Boko Haram to behave the way they are behaving,” he added. The statement further disclosed that on Boxing Day 2019, ISWAP released a video beheading 10 Christians and shooting one Muslim, saying they were avenging the death of Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi, Daesh (ISIS)’s leader, and other senior Daesh members killed during a US raid in October. ALSO READ: Oyo NUJ engages external auditor for Pen schools, guest houses This followed a Christmas Eve attack by Boko Haram in which seven were killed. APC chieftain commends FG for siting two higher institutions… Power: NECA backs proposed hike in electricity tariff FG wants El-Zakzaky to die in detention, Shi’ite group… NDDC: Minister justifies board recomposition The UN estimates that over 2.2 million have been displaced by Boko Haram’s actions – between 2013 and 2015, more than 11,000 people were killed by the group. Bishop Kukah said the Nigerian government, by packing key government positions with hardline Muslims, gives tacit approval to such groups. “If the people in power don’t do enough to integrate Christians then they give oxygen to Islamism. “If they have countries where everybody is Muslim in power then you give vent to the idea that Islam should be supreme.” He, however, hit out against Western nations who he said are happy to mine the resources of Africa but not ready to defend its people. He said: “Western nations are not doing enough. They have shown that the resources of Africa are more important than ordinary people. “Clearly, the Western nations could have reduced the influence of Boko Haram by 80 or 90 per cent but they have deliberately not done enough.” Bishop Kukah said that the only thing preventing Nigeria from being engulfed in a civil war was the peaceful tenets of Christianity. “Christians have every reason to feel insecure and also there is a general feeling of their marginalisation from the political process. If the principles of our religion were different, there would be a civil war by now. “It is the glory of our religion that this hasn’t happened. It is difficult to preach peace in this context. Any resolution depends on how Christians decide to react. They won’t use violence but what will they do?” he asked. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE