The Oluwo of Iwo, Oba AbdulRasheed Akanbi, has lamented the fate of his community and described it as the most marginalised among big towns in Nigeria, calling on President Muhammadu Buhari to correct the wrong by approving a new Federal College of Education for the town. In a statement, Oba Akanbi said, as at 1931, Iwo was the fifth largest town in Nigeria, after Ibadan, Kano, Lagos and Ogbomoso, stating that all the others had reaped the benefit of their sizes with infrastructural facilities. He said, regrettably, that despite the fact that Iwo is the most populous local government in Osun State, there is no federal institution in the town, a situation which he said has robbed the town expected growth among the four named towns. He, therefore, urged President Buhari to site the new higher institution in the town, adding: “It is disheartening watching those towns which were ranked alongside Iwo becoming megacities with up-to-date amenities provided by the federal and state governments. “I am not holding it against President Buhari administration of just five years. But I am now calling on him to use his good office to site the proposed Federal College of Education here in my town. We have land and all other resources that would be needed to ensure the school takes off at the right time.” 2020: President Buhari’s New Year message to Nigerians Buhari appoints Ahmad Salihijo as REA boss Hypocrisy, bad governance dividing Nigeria not Boko Haram,… Oluwo places curse on anybody that criticises him over his… ALSO READ: New Year tragedy: Man kills mother-in-law, poisons self in Warri Oba Akanbi also commended President Buhari for empowering the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to operate effectively with its recent exploits and results being recorded in some of the prosecuted cases. The traditional ruler, therefore, promised his continued support for the administration just as he urged Nigerians to always shun actions which would make them guests of the anti-graft agency. “A country riddled with corruption cannot progress. That is why we should support President Buhari in his fight against it. It may not be an easy fight because corruption is entrenched in the system but I am confident that with what I have seen so far, this administration would achieve meaningful results before it serves its terms out in 2023. “I am also urging the officials of the EFCC to live above board because all eyes are on them. They are the last hope of the common man who wants stolen money recovered. So, it is very important the officials work with a high level of transparency,” he said SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.