The Marley family, Island Records, UME, and Primary Wave Music Publishing have announced that they will honour the legacy of Bob Marley commemorating his 75th birthday milestone and his importance in the history of global music. The birthday will be celebrated with One Love Hotel presented by Mastercard and it will feature music, fashion, art, photography, technology, sport and film, and also providing fans unprecedented access to archives from the legendary artist’s estate in new, thoughtful, and innovative ways. The Grammy Week, sponsored by Mastercard, will run from Tuesday, January 21st, to Sunday, January 26th. The 1 Hotel in West Hollywood, renamed in honour of Marley’s classic hit, will host a pop-up shop with exclusive Marley product, including a high-end capsule collection featuring the art created for the ‘Redemption Song’ video. Also available will be House of Marley consumer electronics and Bob Marley vinyl. According to the daughter of the late reggae singer, Cedella Marley, her father’s message has always been one of love and unity. “For decades passed and for generations to come, his music serves to lift and inspire all over the world. We are so excited to come together at the One Love Hotel during Grammy week to celebrate and remind ourselves of the power of music and everything he stood for.” During the grammy week, an all-star roster of Island Records’ talent will be on deck for performances and activations at The One Love Hotel presented by Mastercard (at 1 Hotel West Hollywood) during the week. Grandson of Bob Marley, Skip Marley, will launch the event on Tuesday night with Marley family and friends in attendance. Wednesday, January 22nd night will feature DJ sets from iHeart Radio Music Award-nominated production duo, NOTD as well as genre-defying artist Shallou. Thursday will present platinum-certified recording artist, Bishop Briggs, with a special performance from Julian Marley, son of Bob Marley and a two time-nominated artist whose current album, ‘AS I AM’ has been nominated for “Best Reggae Album” 2020. Friday will feature recent Urban One Honors performer Jac Ross, and critically acclaimed Grammy-nominated Jessie Reyez (whose debut album arrives early 2020). ALSO READ: Security is an exclusive preserve of FG —Minister Asa releases new single, ‘The Beginning’ after 5 years break Tragic hunger… As housewife allegedly kills husband with… Saturday night will roll out a gala pre-Grammy party with special guest DJ, co-hosted by Primary Wave Music Publishing, Island Records and Mastercard. Throughout the week, Mastercard cardholders will have exclusive access to events and happenings at the hotel. The One Love Hotel presented by Mastercard (at 1 Hotel West Hollywood) will also enable visitors to Tap & Go throughout the property with contactless-enabled room access, retail and dining environments. In November, Island Records president Darcus Beese, founder Chris Blackwell and Jessie Reyez were at the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles for a conversation moderated by the Museum’s founding executive Director Bob Santelli, after which Reyez gave an intimate performance. Blackwell, who signed Bob Marley and the Wailers to Island in 1972, will be attending One Love Grammy Week events at The One Love Hotel presented by Mastercard. “Almost 40 years later Bob Marley is still a symbol of hope and freedom. Important to so many because he spoke to people in all walks of life and in all corners of the earth. He felt their struggle and fought their fight.” Darcus Beese added: “Island Records and Primary Wave Music Publishing’s Grammy Week residency at The One Love Hotel will honour the life and music of Bob Marley, whose spirit carries on every day as one of the foundations of the company. “At the same time, we are privileged to showcase some of Island’s incredible talent including Skip Marley, Bishop Briggs, NOTD, Shallou, Jac Ross, and Jessie Reyez, whose music looks ahead to the next 60 years of Island history. “For the past two decades, UMe, Universal Music Group’s global catalog company, have been the stewards of Bob Marley’s unparalleled catalog and continues to explore and unearth rare and previously unreleased material, as well as assemble high-quality box sets of Marley music. “Bob Marley is unique in that he not only made his mark with his significant musical accomplishments but also communicated to his fans worldwide, bringing together people of all ages, cultures and race with his message.” “He exerted a tremendous influence on the style and substance of music and culture. More details of UMe’s plans to celebrate Marley’s life and legacy throughout the year will be announced soon,” he said. According to Larry Mestel, CEO and founder of Primary Wave Music Publishing: “Bob Marley changed the cultural ethos of generations of human beings and we’re proud to honour his legacy during the biggest week in music at The One Love Hotel. I spent many years working with my longtime mentor, Chris Blackwell, at Island Records so it made perfect sense to partner with the legendary label for this week-long celebration.” Cheryl Guerin, EVP marketing and communications for Mastercard noted that: “There are few artists whose approach and music drives a sense of community and inclusivity like Bob Marley and we are honoured to celebrate his legacy. The culture, passion and sense of community Marley fostered come to life in an immersive manner throughout the hotel that will allow our cardholders to celebrate their passion for music.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE