Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers on Wednesday, abducted a 60-year-old woman, Mrs Banji Ademuyiwa, in Ikun Akoko in Akoko Southwest Local Government Area of Ondo State. The victim who was going to a neighbouring village with her son on a motorcycle known as “Okada” was stopped by the armed men, dragged from the motorcycle into the bush. The commercial motorcyclist and the young boy were said to escape from the scene of the incident but the 60-year-old was said to be unlucky. A source explained that the woman was going to visit one of her relatives on the new year day to celebrate with the family. ALSO READ: Abuja bank robbery: Police nab fleeing gang member He said the gunmen decided not to abduct the young boy along with her mother in order to tell her family about the development. Kidnapped wife, daughters of Ondo monarch regain freedom NGO to provide free medical service for 5000 people in Ondo Ondo Police arrests ten over protest, burning of church Akeredolu lauds state religious leaders for support, prayers He, however, said the kidnappers had opened negotiation with the family demanding for N1.5m for the release of the woman. He said the family had been moving round to meet the demand of the kidnappers, saying the abductors insisted on the payment of the ransom for the freedom of the woman. However, the incident was reported at the Akoko Divisional Police Station, where the commercial motorcycle operator was quizzed by the police. Speaking on the incident, the Divisional Police Officer, SP Ade Akinola, confirmed the abduction of the woman and the case had been transferred to State CID in Akure for further investigation. A community leader in the area, Rev Cannon Foluso Ogunsuyi, decried the insecurity in the axis of the state saying many sons and daughters did not come for the holiday over fear being kidnapped. Ogunsuyi explained that the bad road network in the area contributed to many of these cases because they usually used the failed portions of the roads to perpetrate evils. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.