The Oyo State government has ordered an immediate stop of work by some unknown contractors found on the premises of Community Primary School, Ayepe in Egbeda Local Government Area and Methodist Primary School, Gangansi, Ona-Ara Local Government Area. The order was made on Thursday, following an inspection by the Executive Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Dr Nureni Adeniran to schools in Egbeda and Ona-Ara Local Government Universal Basic Education Authorities. Adeniran asserted that the state government was not averse to any philanthropist contributing his quota to the development of education in the state. He, however, warned that the Governor Seyi Makinde-led government would not condone any act of illegality and lawlessness or circumvention of laid down procedures in the state. ALSO READ: Court adjourns hearing on Modakeke royal stool tussle to March 17 He frowned at the destruction of government’s properties located in each school, situated within Egbeda and Ona-Ara LGUBEAs, without the knowledge of the state government. Ooni to celebrate 100 exceptional young Nigerians Ultimate Love reality TV show premieres February 9 on DStv,… Awolowo, Fela’s statues not destroyed ― Lagos govt FAAC shares N716.298bn for December 2019 to FG, States, LGs The SUBEB chairman, who was accompanied by a team of management staff from the board, therefore, enjoined the contractors to go through the right channel by making their intentions known to the government. “We are not happy with what we observed here today. There is a government in Oyo State and it is expected that anyone who would pull down government’s properties or build on government’s land, should first inform the government,” he said. The chairman revealed that the affected projects could be rehabilitated, noting that the essence of the projects is to serve the public. “Therefore, we have ordered the contractors handling the two projects to stop work immediately. The order is to enable them to follow the right procedure, then after that, they may continue,” he said. Adeniran continued, “Oyo State Government is not averse to anybody supporting the government but due process must be followed. Oyo State is not a lawless society.” He, therefore, appealed to politicians and philanthropists not to politicise education service delivery in the state. “I appeal to all and sundry not play politics with the education of our children. Let us take every right and genuine step in the development of our children’s lives and education,” he said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE