Some political groups under the auspices of Ondo State Coalition group, on Thursday, called on the SouthWest governors not to bow to pressure from the Federal Government to drop the SouthWest security outfit, Operation Amotekun. The group who threw their weight behind the security concept commended the governors over the initiative saying it shows the will of the governors to protect the lives and property of their people. Speaking during the inaugural meeting of the group, Mr Bamiduro Dada, commended the initiative of the governors in fighting crimes and to put an end to incessant kidnapping, herdsmen/farmers clashes and armed robbery that have pervaded the region in recent times. He lamented over the failure of previous administrations in the state to provide social amenities for the people of the state, despite the number of funds coming to the state from the federation allocations. ALSO READ: Tribune lauds IMCOSA’s contribution towards education growth Amotekun: Product of Buhari’s vision on community… Amotekun: You have no supervisory role over our govs,… IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu, declares support for Operation… Amotekun: What the Presidency may do He noted that poverty remains in the land while there is an infrastructural deficit in all the Local Governments area of Ondo State. The group which comprises former political office holders, technocrats, artisans and businessmen drawn from all the 18 local governments promised to search for a credible candidate to pilot the affairs of the state in the forthcoming governorship election. In a communique read by former Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Princess Jumoke Akindele and former Chairman of the State Football Agency (ODSFA), Mr Akin Akinbobola, the group said they would mobilise against vote-buying in the next election. According to the group, who attributed vote buying to be irresponsible for poor leadership and failure of political leaders to attend to the yearnings of the people. They promised to work with any credible candidate irrespective of political parties to deliver good governance and development of the state. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE