An undergraduate at the University of PortHarcourt, Rivers State, Tombari Akata, has won the December 2019 edition of the Help the Hardworker Project of Princewill Trust Foundation. Speaking while presenting the cash price of N100,000 to the beneficiary at the school premises, the founder and sponsor of the foundation, Prince Tonye Princewill, said the gesture would be his little monthly contribution of giving back to the society while encouraging the average, diligent hard worker. Princewill, who was represented by Barrister Ken Saronwiyo, a retired customary court judge and a Deputy Governorship aspirant in the 2015 elections, said that “the presentation is a testimony that the NGO will always live up to its own expectations and set goals in order to better the lives of the citizenry.” According to him, the Princewills Trust will, being an organization that believes in helping responsible members of the society, will continue to maintain this important cause, assuring ”that the foundation is here to fulfil its objectives and promises for the month of December 2019.” ALSO READ: Ajayi Crowther VC reads riot act to returning students He further encouraged hardworking people everywhere to develop an interest and compete as it is a way of changing lives and putting smiles on the faces of people in society. WACT handles largest container ship at Eastern port WACT donates Teachers Quarters, waste disposal skips to… Cleric decries FG inaction against pollution in Rivers OML 11: Wike assures protection of interest of host… He congratulated the winner for his efforts and enjoined him to spread the good news to others as the foundation will continue to keep its promises. Also speaking, the mother of the beneficiary, Mrs Anthonia Akata, said that she was very happy with the gesture as she did not expect it was real, even when her son told her about the event, adding that she was now convinced that the activities of Princewill Trust change lives. She prayed to God to bless them in all their endeavours and to do even more to reach many more people. Responding, the beneficiary and winner of the December 2019 Help The Hardworker Project”, Mr Tombari Victor Akata, expressed delight with the foundation. He noted that it is an opportunity for one to engage even after classes as an entrepreneur and thanked all those who voted for him to emerge the winner. He called on “all those who were not so lucky and others to keep trying as the programme is clearly real and could boost business prospects in addition to a certificate after graduation.” Akata is the third person who is winning the 100,000 Naira cash prize. Previous winners were a shoemaker and a bicycle repairman. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE