The Nigerian Army has confirmed an ambush by the Boko Haram terrorists on the convoy of the Theatre Commander of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD), Major-General Olusegun Adeniyi, on Monday. The Nigerian Army Operations media coordinator, Colonel Aminu Iliyasu, in a statement on Tuesday disclosed that the attack took place about two kilometres to Auno in Kaga Local Government Area of Borno State, according to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). Iliyasu said the commander was returning from Jakana where he visited troops’ location following his earlier meeting at Auno with the Borno State governor, Babagana Zulum. He said the ambush was a clear display of misguided desperation to launch a reprisal attack following the recent neutralisation of several top commanders of the terrorist group by troops on December 6, 2019 According to him, the theatre commander had led the gallant troops of his convoy to engage the insurgents with superior fire power, subduing them and thereafter assaulting the ambush site with his men. He said: “This caused the criminal insurgents to flee the location in disarray. “Other senior military officers in the theatre commanders’ convoy at the time of the ambush include the deputy theatre commander, Major-General M.G Ali; Brigadier-General E.I Eze, Brigadier-General S.I Igbinomwanya and Lieutenant A.A Tejuoso. We won’t cease talking about insecurity until… CAN charges FG to deploy means to free Christians abducted… Aftermath of Boko Haram attack, Rep member calls for… Plateau to collaborate with FG to secure release of abducted… ALSO READ: Falana to Buhari, Osinbajo: Secret declaration aids stolen assets concealment “In the aftermath of the encounter, several Boko Haram criminal insurgents were decimated. “Additionally, 20 rounds of 7.62 millimetres special ammunition, two rounds of 7.62 millimetres NATO ammunition, one pair of camouflage trousers, one Nigeria Police Force fragmental jacket, two AK-47 rifles and three AK-47 rifle magazines were captured from the fleeing insurgents. “Thereafter, the commander and his convoy continued their trip and have since returned safely to the headquarters Theatre Command Operation Lafiya Dole in Maiduguri.” Iliyasu disclosed that two soldiers who were wounded in the encounter were currently receiving treatment at a military medical facility and were in stable condition. According to him, the theatre commander, on behalf of the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant-General Tukur Buratai congratulated the troops for their resilience and courage. “He urges them not to relent in their efforts until all the remnants of the Boko Haram and ISWAP criminal insurgents are completely defeated,” he said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE