Last time we began looking the vital role preparation will play in we having a successful year. We saw that the key to avoiding poor performance in anything is adequate preparation so if this year will be successful adequate and effective preparation is indispensable. In our bid to prepare to have a successful year we need to do certain things. We must do an effective review of last year. We need to look back and see where we missed it and where we got it right. An accurate view of the past will help us get set for a better future. We need to set goals to guide, monitor and evaluate our progress in the year. Our goals must be written and cover major areas of our lives – health, family, spiritual life, career/business, finances etc. Goals, on their own, don’t get the job done. Goals don’t just get executed by themselves – they need to be worked on, pursued and diligently executed. “Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.” Pablo Picasso This year we must set lofty but realistic goals. Great goals will stretch us and draw on our potential. “You have to set goals that are almost out of reach. If you set a goal that is attainable without much work or thought, you are stuck with something below your true talent and potential.” Steve Garvey Life is not a smooth road that leads straight to our dreamland. Life is full of obstacles so if we are going to have a successful year we need to envisage obstacles that might come our way and make plans to deal with them. When we do this we won’t be dis-stabilized when obstacles show up later in the year. “A prudent person foresees danger and takes precautions. The simpleton goes blindly on and suffers the consequences.” Proverbs 22.3 If we are to a better year than last year we need to become better ourselves. We need to be better equipped to meet the challenges of the new year. Life is dynamic and if we do not regularly update ourselves by constantly learning we will not only be out of date but completely left behind by life. We must make a conscious effort to learn something daily especially in our chosen field if we will indeed have a successful year. “Prepare yourself in every way you can by increasing your knowledge and adding to your experience, so that you can make the most of opportunity when it occurs.” Mario Andretti  Abiodun meets UK companies in investment drive NASS N128bn budget: Senators feign ignorance We have identified ‘many enemies’ of Oko Oloyun —Lagos… Lagos govt to meet with NNPC on compensation for Abule Egba… Last time we began looking the vital role preparation will play in we having a successful year. We saw that the key to avoiding poor performance in anything is adequate preparation so if this year will be successful adequate and effective preparation is indispensable. In our bid to prepare to have a successful year we need to do certain things. We must do an effective review of last year. We need to look back and see where we missed it and where we got it right. An accurate view of the past will help us get set for a better future. We need to set goals to guide, monitor and evaluate our progress in the year. Our goals must be written and cover major areas of our lives – health, family, spiritual life, career/business, finances etc. Goals, on their own, don’t get the job done. Goals don’t just get executed by themselves – they need to be worked on, pursued and diligently executed. “Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.” Pablo Picasso This year we must set lofty but realistic goals. Great goals will stretch us and draw on our potential. “You have to set goals that are almost out of reach. If you set a goal that is attainable without much work or thought, you are stuck with something below your true talent and potential.” Steve Garvey Life is not a smooth road that leads straight to our dreamland. Life is full of obstacles so if we are going to have a successful year we need to envisage obstacles that might come our way and make plans to deal with them. When we do this we won’t be dis-stabilized when obstacles show up later in the year. “A prudent person foresees danger and takes precautions. The simpleton goes blindly on and suffers the consequences.” Proverbs 22.3 If we are to a better year than last year we need to become better ourselves. We need to be better equipped to meet the challenges of the new year. Life is dynamic and if we do not regularly update ourselves by constantly learning we will not only be out of date but completely left behind by life. We must make a conscious effort to learn something daily especially in our chosen field if we will indeed have a successful year. “Prepare yourself in every way you can by increasing your knowledge and adding to your experience, so that you can make the most of opportunity when it occurs.” Mario Andretti  to be continued SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE