When fire engulfed some parts of the Olabisi Onabanjo International Market, Ita-Osu, Ijebu-ode on Sunday December 15, 2019, destroying goods and some shops, no fewer than 16 shop owners whose shops were affected were left devastated. Although no death was recorded, goods and property worth millions of naira were lost to the inferno, leaving the victims in a disturbed state. The feelings of devastation among the victims gradually gave way to an array of hope when the Ogun State government under the leadership of Prince Dapo Abiodun, moved swiftly to visit and access the venue of the incidence the following day. The Secretary to the State Government, Mr. Tokunbo Talabi, who represented the governor, condoled with the victims and promised that the government would ease their plight. In some quarters the promise would have been dismissed as mere political talk; the usual comments expected of government officials when such sad occurrence happens but the government further held meetings with stakeholders from the market where the traders themselves suggested ways of moving the market forward and pledged their support to efforts geared towards making the market truly attain the desired international status. To accomplish this desire, the state mandated its Ministry of Works and Infrastructure to assess the condition at the market promising to also improve on other markets in the State. Beyond those government efforts, barely eight days after making the promise to ease the plight of the victims at the market, the government kept its promise. All the 16 shop owners who lost their goods to the fire were presented cheques by the Deputy Governor, Engr. Noimot Salako- Oyedele on behalf of the State government. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC Although it is the duty of any responsible government to promptly provide succour for victims of disasters, the Ogun state government must be commended for its timely intervention. The traders need to also keep their promise by cooperating with the government in making the point of buying and selling attain the international status that befits it even before the 35th anniversary of the market in May, 2020. The traders must put an end to indiscriminate display of goods on the roads as it hinders the free flow of traffic around the market. Traders should also occupy many of the shops that are yet to be occupied instead of preferring to use containers as stores around the market.  Cleanliness within the market should also be improved upon as they have promised and with the harmattan already here, traders must not neglect safety rules.  Olawale Osunbiyi, Abeokuta. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.