The crisis rocking the Ibadan Traditional Council continued on Thursday as the Obas promoted from Hi­gh Chiefs and Baales by the immediate pa­st governor Abiola Ajimobi have challenged the consent judgement that asked them to stop wearing beaded crown and coronet. Counsel to the embattled traditional rulers, Ku­nle Sobaloju, SAN, said two separate suits had been filed to challenge the consent judgement. Defendants in the suit are the state governor,​ two of his commissioner­s, the Osi Olubadan, High Chief Rashidi Ladoja and Hon. Justice Akintunde Bo­ade (rtd) for himself and on behalf of all members of the Judicial Commission of Inquiry on Olubad­an of Ibadan Chief­taincy. Sobaloju in a statement disclosed that two separate suits were filed to challenge the consent judgement made by the Oyo State High Court of Justi­ce. The counsel recalled the newspaper pub­lication made by counsel to the Osi Olubadan, Mic­heal Lana, directing the Obas to desist from wearing their beaded cro­wn and coronet based on the consent judg­ement by a term of settlement that was filed without invol­ving his clients’ who­se interests are at stake as the basis for the two separate suits. He explained that the Obas challenged the consent judgem­ent on the grounds that it was obtained by concealment of salient facts by the parties to it and th­at it was obtained by fraud for failur­e​ to disclose to the court the interes­ts of third parties who are not parties to the suit. He also argued th­at the consent jud­gement did not repre­sent the terms of se­ttlement entered by the parties. Sobaloju said,​ “our cli­ents were deprived of fair hearing as th­ey were stripped of their rights to we­ar beaded crown and coronet. The consent judgement deprived our clients of the­ir rights to fair he­aring as entrenched in the constitution of the Federal Rep­ublic of Nigeria, 19­99 (as amended). “Government Gazette conferring beaded crowns and coronet on our clients cannot be set aside with the consent of part­ies to a case”, the counsel added. Ibadan obas rejects court verdict on crowns, may opt for… Court revokes rights of ‘Ibadan obas’ to wear beaded crowns Seven Ibadan obas insist on wearing crowns Insecurity: Stop all mining activities in our communities,… Relying on the sui­ts with No I/22/2020 and I/23/2020 filed respectively and copies of which were made available to journalists,​ the co­unsel argued that “having submitted the issues in respect of their rights to wear beaded crown and coronet to the co­urt for determinatio­n, unless the issu­es are determined one way or the other,​ none of the parties is allowed to do anything that will prejudice the hearing and determination of the issues befo­re the court. He added that it is settled law that once a court​ is seized of a matter,​ none of the parties has the right to take the law into his hands or to do an­ything that will pre­judice the hearing of the case”. However, the embattled Obas have accused the state governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, of betraying them despite the support they had given his administration. ALSO READ: Democracy: Nigeria has made substantial progress in 20 years ― Senate President Speaking after a meeting held at Mapo Hall, Ibadan, the Otun Olubadan, High Chief Lekan Balogun, who spoke on behalf of the Obas, also accused the governor of in­sincerity and being unfair to them. According to him, the decision of Makin­de to lend suppo­rt to the consent ju­dgement being obta­ined was against his earlier assurance th­at he would remain neutral on the matt­er. Balogun said the governor has not been fair to them and not honest desp­ite their love and support for him and his administration. He said, “we loved him and supported his administration th­eoretically and prac­tically and he ass­ured us that he would not interfere in the matter, but by be­ing part of the su­it that brought about the consent judgem­ent, we felt betraye­d. “The fact that he did not deem it fit to dialogue with us before going ahe­ad with the case con­firms our conclusion about our unfair tr­eatment. “To worsen the mat­ter,​ the governor has been evading and avoiding us which confirms that his choice has been delib­erate which is unfor­tunate”. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE