Suspected herdsmen have reportedly kidnapped three indigenes of Obbo-Aiyegunle in the Ekiti local government area of Kwara state. The incident happened on December 31, 2019, along Osi-Obbo-Aiyegunle road of the local council of the state. The Saturday Tribune also gathered that the abductors have also demanded a ransom of N50 million from family members of the victims to effect their release. It was learnt that the kidnap victims; two middle-aged men and one lady were in a commercial vehicle, while the fourth person in the same vehicle with the victims escaped with serious injuries. Speaking with the Saturday Tribune on phone, a former chairman of the local government and an indigene of the town, Otunba Ezekiel Gbadeyan, said the victims were travelling to their country home for the New Year celebrations. ALSO READ: Police arrest suspected herdsmen for highway robbery in Ekiti Accusations, counter accusations trail demolition of Ile… Cleric tasks APC leaders to pray against party break-up… Kwara land controversy: Armed policemen man Ilofa road 100% Kwara LG monthly allocation goes for salary ― Governor Otunba Gbadeyan, who said that kidnapping has been a usual occurrence in the area due to deplorable condition of the road linking Osi and Obbo-Aiyegunle, said “that incident was the fourth in the last few weeks. But local hunters have always been rising up to the occasion of preventing innocent souls from being kidnapped. The hunters have been our saving grace from the menace of these herders in the area. This said one occurred in the daytime. “These pathetic occurrences are due to the non-motorable state of our road as vehicles cannot move freely. Therefore, we are appealing to the state government to assist us in rehabilitating the road that links the two communities. “Also, the road that links Obbo-Aiyegunle in Kwara state to Ekiti state is also awful. We use this medium to urge the authorities concerned to come to our rescue”. Confirming the development, the public relations officer of the state police command, Ajayi Okasanmi, said the incident was reported four days ago. “The state police command is working seriously to ensure the safe release of the hapless victims from captivity,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE