Christians and Muslims in their large numbers on Wednesday, came together to pray for the First Family and Lagos State as a whole. The gathering, made up of several persons from various denominations, drawn from various parts of the state was put together in order to commit the state into the hands of the Almighty as it begins a journey into New Year, with prayers led by the two Special Advisers to the Governor on Religious Matters at the State House, Marina. Speaking on the significance of the occasion, the S.A on Religious Matters (Muslim), Alhaji Jebe Ahmed, said the state government decided to utilise the period of the year to commit the progress of the state to the hands of God. He expressed optimism that the state was certain to grow in leaps and bounds with Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, in the saddle as helmsman. “We are all gathered here today to ensure that we put the State in the hands of God. The presence of Allah is needed in running any administration. Everything starts and ends with God. The governor has demonstrated that we must put God first in everything we do in our lives. ALSO READ: NUPENG issues 7-day ultimatum to Chevron, contractors to reinstate sacked workers Most bizarre act of 2019: Killing of Favour Daley-Oladele African giant, Burna Boy:  Entertainment personality of 2019 Trade union lauds Ganduje over minimum wage implementation Anthony Joshua: Meet the comeback kid “The governor was at the mosque and he charged us to live in harmony, respect the rule of law and do what is needful at all times. Prayers were said for all residents of Lagos. Prayers were recited to God to guide the governor and members of his Exco as they lead the state,” he said. Ahmed disclosed that the state government was working on several programmes that would speak to the themes agenda of the current administration, noting that the government intended to boost the religious tolerance among Lagosians. During the session that was tagged: “Prayer For The First Family, Lagos state’s clerics committed the governor; the deputy governor, Dr Obafemi Hamzat; members of State Executive Council; the judiciary; members of the House of Assembly and Lagos State in God’s hands. In his remark, S.A Religious Matters (Christian), Very Reverend Bukola Adeleke, said they were working with the Commissioner for Home Affairs, Pharm (Mrs) Uzamat Akinbile-Yusuf, to ensure Lagosians respects other’s religious views. “We are here today to pray for the first family in Lagos and of course, to commit the state into the hands of God. The Bible tells us that we must lay everything in God’s hands, which is why we are here for the sole purpose of praying for Lagos. We prayed for Mr Governor and committed his activities and plans for Lagos State into God’s hands. We believe that God Almighty has answered our prayers. “We have a lot of plans for religious tolerance in Lagos. We are working with Hon Akinbile-Yusuf to ensure that Lagosians tolerate and respect the religious views of others. We want the peace we have been enjoying in Lagos to continue and the way to achieve that is to continuously respect other’s religion,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.