Kobe Bryant’s wife, Venessa Bryant on her Instagram page on Wednesday posted an emotional tribute to her late husband, Kobe Bryant and late daughter Gianna, also known as GiGi days after the Helicopter crash in southern California that killed both her husband and daughter. The post reads: “My girls and I want to thank the millions of people who’ve shown support and love during this horrific time,” she wrote, alongside a family photo. “Thank you for all the prayers. We definitely need them.” Vanessa added that the family is “devastated” by Kobe and Gianna’s death, as well as for the families of the seven other people who lost their lives in the crash on Sunday. Sanwo-Olu names Onikan stadium after late Mobolaji Johnson Davido leads Nigerian celebrities on Instagram rich list Instagram introduces new feature to curb cyber-bullying British PM, London Mayor pay tributes to victims of terror… ALSO READ: How culture, corruption, poverty, poor perception stall growth of health insurance “I’m not sure what our lives hold beyond today, and it’s impossible to imagine life without them,” she continued. “But we wake up each day, trying to keep pushing because Kobe, and our baby girl, Gigi, are shining on us to light the way. Our love for them is endless — and that’s to say, immeasurable. I just wish I could hug them, kiss them and bless them. Have them here with us, forever.”   My girls and I want to thank the millions of people who’ve shown support and love during this horrific time. Thank you for all the prayers. We definitely need them. We are completely devastated by the sudden loss of my adoring husband, Kobe — the amazing father of our children; and my beautiful, sweet Gianna — a loving, thoughtful, and wonderful daughter, and amazing sister to Natalia, Bianka, and Capri.  We are also devastated for the families who lost their loved ones on Sunday, and we share in their grief intimately.  There aren’t enough words to describe our pain right now. I take comfort in knowing that Kobe and Gigi both knew that they were so deeply loved. We were so incredibly blessed to have them in our lives. I wish they were here with us forever. They were our beautiful blessings taken from us too soon.  I’m not sure what our lives hold beyond today, and it’s impossible to imagine life without them. But we wake up each day, trying to keep pushing because Kobe, and our baby girl, Gigi, are shining on us to light the way. Our love for them is endless — and that’s to say, immeasurable. I just wish I could hug them, kiss them and bless them. Have them here with us, forever.  Thank you for sharing your joy, your grief and your support with us. We ask that you grant us the respect and privacy we will need to navigate this new reality.  To honor our Team Mamba family, the Mamba Sports Foundation has set up the MambaOnThree Fund to help support the other families affected by this tragedy. To donate, please go to MambaOnThree.org.  To further Kobe and Gianna’s legacy in youth sports, please visit MambaSportsFoundation.org. Thank you so much for lifting us up in your prayers, and for loving Kobe, Gigi, Natalia, Bianka, Capri and me. #Mamba #Mambacita #GirlsDad #DaddysGirls #Family A post shared by  Vanessa Bryant  (@vanessabryant) on Jan 29, 2020 at 4:59pm PST  She also requested that her family be given respect and privacy as they navigate this new reality. she concluded her post by explaining that Mamba Sports Foundation is set up to help give support to other families affected by the tragedy. Venessa also changed her Instagram profile photo to a picture of the whole family, her Instagram account which was private before was also made public on Wednesday. The Bryant family members and seven others were killed Sunday when a helicopter crashed into a hillside in dense fog in Calabasas, California. The helicopter was flying in foggy conditions considered dangerous enough that local police agencies grounded their choppers. Kobe Bryant is survived by Vanessa and their three daughters, Natalia, 17, Bianka, 3, and Capri, who was born last June. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE