Senator representing Niger East senatorial district, Mohammed Sani Musa, has raised the alarm over the spate of attacks on his constituents by bandits. Residents of Shiroro Local Government Area in Niger State came under heavy attacks last Sunday when armed bandits in numbers invaded the villages of Kudodo, Galapai, Dnakpala, Makera and Dnalagwa killing scores, raping and abducting people. Adjoining villages like Amale, Tunga and Adunu were not spared as the bandits left on their heels more deaths, destruction and abduction. Senator Musa had last week alerted the nation on the attack in the same area which left two persons, including a Village Head dead while over thirty persons were reportedly abducted. In a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen in Abuja at the weekend, he appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari to use his good offices to address the spate of increasing killings by bandits. He noted that the situation has become helpless as bandits wreak unimaginable havoc on the people with no security succour in sight. He said: “My people are under siege, innocent families have been displaced, killed, raped, kidnapped and community members straddled in a state of despair. As the attacks continued more villagers in my constituency are awaiting their fate as no sign of succour comes their way. “It is confirmed that the bandits are attacking all through the night to this afternoon and most communities are in grave danger. For months now, most local government in Niger East have been under the menacing grip of bandits with no succour in sight. I am not a spare tyre, I have roles in governance, Bauchi… Abule-Egba explosion: Govt to meet with NNPC on compensation… APC guber candidate, Aliyu, commends INEC, security over… Kwara prosecutes 135 sanitation offenders “We are again calling on Mr President and all the Security Chiefs to come to our aid without further delay as the people risk continued attacks from these ungodly killers.” ALSO READ: I am not a spare tyre, I have roles in governance, Bauchi deputy gov declares The senator further called on the National Emergency Management Agency and other relevant authorities to respond to the plight of his people whom he noted, “are helplessly in state of fear and despair.” Tribune Online checks revealed that there were similar attacks in Niger East last week when Senator Musa cried out that his people were being killed every day by armed bandits without responses from concerned authorities. The attacks were heavy in over eight communities in both Shiroro and Munya local government areas that have lasted for more than five days while the bandits destroyed communities. This development raised concerns over the increasing level of hunger and starvation faced by members of the affected communities. “For several months now, my people (the people of Niger East) have not had a moment of solitude. Bandits have taken away sleep from their eyes, be it in the day time or at night. Many lives have been cut short, women have been raped, some even before their spouse, children have been turned to orphans and many have been abducted with huge ransom being demanded. “Cattle are being rustled, farm produce and other valuables are stolen. This is beside thousands of persons who have been rendered homeless. “The havoc rendered by bandits to my people in the past few months is immeasurable and the pains indescribable. “It is truly a sad situation that has continued to pull tears to my eyes seeing my people being put through such a torturous and inhumane treatment in the hand of a godless people supposed to give all concerned cause to worry,” he noted. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE