Members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN), popularly referred to as Shi’ites, on Tuesday, clashed with security personnel in Abuja, in which five members of Shi’ites sustained gunshot injuries. This is just as the face-off between Iran and the United States of America (USA) has continued to generate more reactions over the killing of Iranian General, Qassem Soleimani and his aides by a USA airstrike. Investigations by Tribune Online revealed that members of the group had embarked on a protest around Sky Memorial in Wuse/Berger axis before the security operatives stormed the area. The protest which was kick-started at the Sky-Memorial on the way from Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Secretariat was abruptly terminated due to invasion by the security personnel. ALSO READ: Reps applaud Armed Forces’ role in democratic dispensation Confirming the attack in a statement made available to the Tribune Online, Mr Abdullahi Muhammad Musa, for the Academic Forum of the Islamic Movement, lamented that their demands for the daily protest in Abuja was simple and the demand is for their leader, Sheikh Ibraheem Zakzaky together with his wife Zeenah Ibraheem should be released unconditionally from unlawful detention. Accept Supreme Court verdict, Atiku tells Imo people Rep member, Wole Oke, provides free JAMB forms for over… Iran makes arrests over plane disaster as protests rage on Omo-Agege denies alleged court conviction in USA “Yet Police attacks a Free-Zakzaky protest today, teargassing and spraying live ammunition and even shot minors. “The protest, which was kick-started at the Sky-Memorial on the way from PDP National Secretariat was to terminate at Berger roundabout. “At that point, police started shooting at protesters indiscriminately, so far five (5) protesters sustained serious gunshot injuries. “Nigerian Police Force has gradually taken over the brutality that the Nigerian army started during Zaria massacre in December 2015. “It is quite unfortunate that police are involved in this brutalities, the Saudi-sponsored state terrorism against Sheikh Zakzaky and his followers, whose contributions to peaceful coexistence can never be undermined. “As obvious as this is, Sheikh Zakzaky and his followers have become targets for elimination, and we cannot fold our arms, seeing our rights trampled upon. “On a final note, we call on the public to bear witness that the killers of our brothers and sisters will never go free as consequences await the perpetrators,” he added. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE