Ondo State Police Command, on Monday, said it has arrested an impostor, Ayetare Sunday, who was parading himself as the prophet of Christ Apostolic Church (CAC), New Jerusalem, Akure, Ondo State capital. The State Police Public Relations Officer, (PPRO) Mr Femi Joseph, who confirmed this said the impostor for impersonating Prophet Samuel Afolabi of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC), New Jerusalem, Akure and for allegedly engaging in a fake miracle, attempted rape and sexual harassment. Joseph who absolved Prophet Samuel Afolabi, of any criminal dealing, saying the prophet was never invited, arrested or quizzed by the command. He said only the impostor who had been using the name of the prophet and church for shady business was arrested by men of the state police command in Okitipupa, Okitipupa Local Government Area of the state. ALSO READ: Consider Kano your second home, Emir Sanusi tells Osinbajo Joseph said that contrary to the fake news on social media, the popular Prophet was not arrested or detained for any offence. He said: “The Ondo State Police Command wishes to debunk the claims in some sections of the social media that a popular pastor and prophet, Samuel Afolabi (aka Olopa to di Woli), was arrested and detained by the Police for a particular offence. Ortom, Sule beg FG to sustain ‘Operation Whirl Stroke’ Queen agrees Prince Harry, Meghan can now go Consider Kano your second home, Emir Sanusi tells Osinbajo ‘Doesn’t really matter’ if there was an… “The command hereby makes it categorically clear that the above-named Minister of God was never arrested for any offence as being peddled, hence the report was a blatant lie from the pit of hell, as the man never committed any offence known to law.” The PPRO said, “however, to set the record straight, a particular man by name Ayetare Sunday, 35 years, a native of Itepe Okitipupa, who went for a crusade at a white garment church in igbokoda, was arrested on 27th of December, for offences of attempted rape and sexual harassment. “On interrogation, the man confessed to being a fake prophet who had been deceiving people by organising fake miracles. “He (Ayetare) stated further that he deceived his latest victim who was looking unto God for a child by telling her that he could make her pregnant. He added that in the process, he sexually harassed the woman and attempted to rape her. “He (Ayetare) concluded that he decided to adopt the same Cognomen (Olopa to di Woli) with Prophet Samuel, in order to hoodwink people so as to get enough followers.” The police, however, said the Prophet does not have any case whatsoever with the command. Prophet Afolabi however, said that he was never invited, arrested or quizzed by police for engaging in fake miracles, while dismissing rumour about his arrest as fake, untrue and the handiwork of wicked people. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE