Security agencies in Kogi State have taken over Tawari community after a deadly attack in the earlier hours of Friday led to the death of 23 persons, Tribune Online has learnt. This is just as governor of the state, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, directed Kogi State Emergency Management Agency to start taking stock of damages in Tawari community. During the attack, about 23 persons were killed, houses razed while a place of worship was not speared by some suspected Fulani herdsmen who were said to be on a revenge mission. However, Tribune Online gathered on Saturday that security men have been drafted to the community by the state government to avoid further attack by the Fulani herdsmen. The administrator of the local government council, Barr. Muhammed Tanko while speaking with Tribune Online  said the situation has been brought under control. He noted that the presence of the security officials brought hope to the people of the community as those who ran away during the attack have started returning to Tawari community. He commended Governor Bello for his rapid response during the attack, stressing that those who sustained injuries are responding to medical treatment at both the Federal Medical Center and the Specialist Hospital Lokoja. Some of the community members who spoke with Tribune Online  said the attack on Tawari community was unfortunate. According to one of the residents, some of the Fulani living in the community moved out of the town with their family few days to the attack. The resident who does not want his name in print added that when they confronted them on why they were leaving, they said it was a normal thing for them to move from one place to another but surprisingly some days later they came at night and killed people. Another resident, Mallam Mohammed Musa, who also spoke with Tribune Online  said residents of the community lost their beloved ones during the attack. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Two feared killed in accident on Otedola bridge [PHOTOS] Runsewe debunks alleged audit report indictment, says it… Governor Abiodun lauded over LG appointments, achievements… Gas explosion: Kaduna govt condoles families of victims Many feared dead as explosion hits Kaduna He stressed that during the attack, the Fulani herdsmen killed people like animals. “Those people are heartless. They killed as if they are killing chickens. No human feelings, they attack from various angles. One couldn’t have escaped, they were everywhere,” he said. Meanwhile, the Kogi State Police Command Public Relation Officer, DSP William Ayah, said the situation is presently calm. While speaking on phone with Tribune Online  on Saturday, he stated that the Commissioner of Police, CP Ede Ayuba, visited the community where he met with the traditional rulers, pastor of the church that was burnt down by the Fulani herdsmen. He also visited the school that was also razed and held meetings with members of the community. He noted that special forces, fully armed policemen, State Security Service and other security agencies have been deployed to the community. Also, the special adviser on security to Governor Bello, Mr Omodara, visited the troubled area with more security to keep vigil for possible danger till normalcy is returned. Meanwhile, chief press secretary to the governor, Muhammed Onogu, on Saturday said, Bello has directed SEMA to start distributing relief materials to the affected people. He added Bello also directed the Administrator of the local government council, Bar. Tanko to commence the building of the Police post that was razed down by the gunmen. He also called on the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to come to the assist of the state government so that those affected can be resettled immediately. However, the deputy governor of the state, Chief Edward Onoja, also visited the community on Saturday. He was received by the administrator of the local government council, Tanko. Chief Onoja said the state government will do everything possible to arrest those behind the killings adding that the state government will see what it can do to bring life back to the community. He assured the community that SEMA will supply relief materials to the community as directed by the governor, adding that security agencies need to be vigilant to ensure that those behind the attack are brought to book. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE