The Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) has described as a lie, the statement from the Nigerian Police that it (Police) was responding to the attacks from the Movement which led to a passerby, Alex Ogbu. Ogbu, until his sudden death during the clash between police and Shi’ites, was a journalist with the Regent African Times. The Shi’ites said they were observing their daily peaceful protest demanding for the release of their leader, Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky, who has been in detention for over 4 years. A statement by the IMN, signed by Abdullahi Musa, for the Academic Forum of the Islamic movement, said the police had been attacking their members during their protest till date. The statement reads: “We reject straight out the claim made by the FCT Police spokesperson, Anjuguri Manzah, who insinuated that the police killed a passerby while responding to attack by Free-Zakzaky protesters. ALSO READ: Arms deal: Dasuki withdraws two applications “He purportedly claimed that the protesters assailed police personnel and innocent citizens, and that their reprisal led to the killing on Tuesday 21st January 2020 at Berger Bridge, Wuse-Abuja. Such misguided statements will do more harm than good. Instead of safeguarding the lives and properties of the citizens; the police are shooting at them recklessly. One feared dead, many injured as Police, Shi’ites… PDP tackles Buhari for retaining Service Chiefs despite… Iran, US face-off: Five injured as Police, Shi’ites clash… El-Zakzaky’s fate in court’s hand ― Kaduna Attorney General “The last Tuesday protest was part of the daily Free-Zakzaky protests which began from Utako Market and ended without any hitch at Berger Bridge. The police all-of-a-sudden arrival to the scene ushered in the brutality directed towards the clusters of innocent citizens, shooting teargas canisters and live ammunition at random. “It is pertinent for the general public to note that the police have been attacking the Free-Zakzaky protests for a long time–tear-gasing and using live bullets in several occasions not only on the protesters but even journalists and passers-by. “The police should know that the residents of Abuja, and other sundry eye-witnesses, are aware of how they occasionally attack our protests. “These reckless and unprofessional conducts on the side of the police almost always result in the intentional cruel acts of assaulting, injuring and killing of protesters, passers-by, journalists and other innocent Nigerians. However, our protests always end in the most peaceful manner in instances where the police are absent. “Furthermore, we will like to remind the general public that the police had on Monday 22nd July, 2019 recklessly shot a senior officer, DSP Usman Umar Belel, as well as a reporter of the Channels TV, Precious Owolabi, while attacking a Free Zakzaky protest at Federal Secretariat in Abuja. “During the attack, nine Free Zakzaky Protesters were extra-judicially killed by the police (whom corpses are yet to be retrieved from the police). The recent murdering of a journalist and activist by the name of Alex Ogbu, who was, until the murder, working with the Abuja-based Regent Africa Time magazine, exposed the evil machination of the Nigeria Police against free-Zakzaky protesters. They kill innocent Nigerians, only to use propaganda and explain the atrocities away. This is deplorable and criminal, and we vehemently condemn the murder. The murderers must not get off scot-free, they should be brought to book, let them face the wrath of their own misdeeds. “On a final note, we strongly dismiss the mischievous claim made by the police spokesman, Anjuguri. His claims are baseless and unacceptable on all grounds. The police should be cautious and must restrain from firing live ammunitions in public space. Our continuous protests are as a result of the failure by the Buhari regime to release our leader, Sheikh Ibraheem Zakzaky and his wife. We know the perpetrators of the massacre in Zaria and those behind the lingering persecution of our leader, and the culprits must surely reap what they sow.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE