President Muhammadu Buhari has asserted that because Nigeria fought and won a civil war, it will also win the Boko Haram war no matter how long it takes. He said if the nation could go through a 30-month civil war and be reorganised, there should be no doubting the capacity to put things in order in the North-East ravaged by a 10-year-old war. Speaking while receiving the European Union (EU) Commissioner for Crisis Management, Janez Lenarcic, at the State House, Abuja, President Buhari said: “If we were capable to fight a 30-month civil war and reorganise our country, I wonder why people are thinking that Nigeria cannot do it. “I assure you of Nigeria’s commitment to enhance and deepen cooperation with the EU in all areas.  Our priorities in the next level is to ensure that Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) are rehabilitated  so that livelihood should be established and  the children should not lose the opportunity to go back to school, which is very important for the future of that area and Nigeria generally.” A statement issued by hisSpecial Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina,  quoted the president as saying: “We have the experience of the civil war. I could recall the role of the military, the army, each commander had in his pocket how to behave himself and how to allow international bodies like yourself to go round and see for themselves   that people are treated in the most humane way. “We have this experience and I assure you that we also have this confidence in your organisation. That is why I feel that Nigeria is capable of handling this crisis, it may take long but we are capable of handling it.” The Nigerian leader also appreciated the recent meeting in Germany which deliberated on the happenings in Libya. IPPIS: ASUU threatens `no pay, no work’ over FG’s plan to… CBN raises alarm over escalating public debt Oko Oloyun: Police link death to office fraud, questions… A look at Amotekun security outfit “The important thing really is weapons reaching the Sahel; the instability it is causing. Look at the casualties in Mauritania, Niger, Burkina Faso and Mali; Libya has a direct impact on the stability of the Sahel. As for Boko Haram, we try to disabuse the minds of the people and I think our people now understand the basic dishonesty in it. With my experience personally in the civil war, I am sure we will get over it.” President Buhari further assured that the newly created Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, will do a splendid job of managing the various humanitarian issues evolving from the Northeast: “I assure you that we are aware of these problems and we will continue to do our best. The newly created Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs is coordinating NEMA  and others, to make sure that whatever resources we get  are well utilised. The ministry will be accountable to the government instead of having too many bodies doing the same thing. We are also reaching out to foreign countries explaining to them our position, and we are confident we will get over it.” The EU Commissioner emphasied that Nigeria plays a big role in the African continent and globally in economic, social and other spheres and asked for the development of a plan between the EU and Nigeria concerning the issues in the North-East. aHe said he had visited Borno State and appreciates government’s efforts to end the conflict there. ”We would like to support your efforts. We believe all relevant actors; military, civilian as well as humanitarian should come together. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs is suggesting such high level dialogue. “In situations such as what we have in the northeast, international law and international humanitarian law should apply. We believe in your efforts to end the conflict; military effort alone probably will not be sufficient without identifying and addressing the socio-economic factors causing it,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE