Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal has signed into law the Fiscal Responsibility Agency and Connected Purposes (FRAC) to provide for the establishment of a Fiscal Responsibility Agency in the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the Special Adviser on Media and publicity to the Governor, Muhammed Bello, and released to journalists on Wednesday, which revealed that Governor Tambuwal signed the document on Tuesday. Tribune Online recalled that at its plenary on Tuesday, the Sokoto State House of Assembly (SOHA) presided over by its Deputy Speaker Abubakar Magaji had passed the law on the same day. The governor also signed another law to integrate, harmonize and consolidate all revenues accruing to government ministries, departments and agencies; in order to enable it generate sufficient revenue that could be ploughed into social service and economic growth in the state. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC The enactment of both laws, which took effect December 31, 2019 and also signed by the Clerk to SOHA, Abdulrazak Shehu, followed the presentation of two reports regarding the establishment of FRAC and the need to enact the law on revenue integration to the House by Hon. Ahmed Mohammed Malami member representing Sokoto South II constituency. Section 2 (vii) of the preliminary provisions of FRAC stipulates that when the agency comes on stream it will “provide full, accurate and timely disclosure of financial information relating to the activities of the Government and it’s agencies that is ensuring transparency and accountability.” Equally, sub-section (viii) of the preliminary provision stated that FRAC shall “manage risk faced by the State prudently, having regard to economic circumstances.” Meanwhile, the revenue integration law, according to its ‘explanatory memorandum’ is to “codify and consolidate various laws relating to the taxes, levies and revenues in the state and establish the Sokoto State Internal Revenue Service.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.