Youths in Nigerian have been advised to avoid being used in “pull him down” politics by those who do not mean well for the country. The President of Civil Society Groups for Good Governance (CSGGG), Comrade Ogakwu Dominic, made the remark while reacting to allegations of conviction by some ‘Youth Groups’ purportedly led by Mr Adodo Solomon on the Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege. He said from the investigation carried out by the CSGGG, it was since discovered that there was no iota of truth in the allegations of conviction by a court in the United States of America levelled against Senator Omo-Agege. Dominic argued that Omo-Agege has given his best in service to the nation, saying perpetrators of politics of pull-him-down syndrome and who are bent on dragging his name in the mud must not be allowed to succeed. Speaking at a news conference on Wednesday in Abuja, Dominic, said: “We are aware of the suspicions around a particular politician said to be the sponsor of a mischievous press conference by some persons who read a prepared script alleging that the Deputy President of the Senate was convicted in the United States of America. ALSO READ: Reps applaud Armed Forces’ role in democratic dispensation “Pretending to be unaware of the fact that Senator Omo-Agege has made several visits to the United States of America since his emergence as Deputy President of the Senate and that he just left Canada where he actively participated in the 25th biennial parliamentary leaders’ conference from January 6 to 10 this year, the group tried fruitlessly to make a truly distinguished populist to look like a wanted criminal. “Further still, they overstepped boundaries by issuing a threat to invade the National Assembly if Senator Omo-Agege was not impeached and removed from office. Iran, US face-off: Five injured as Police, Shi’ites clash… New VAT rate takes off as Buhari signs Finance Bill into law Sex with patients: Senate proposes N200,000 fine against… Buhari hails Lawan’s achievements at 61 “Propaganda thrives when a tissue of lies is erected over a thin, deliberately misinterpreted slice of reality but was Senator Omo-Agege ever convicted or found guilty by any court in America or Nigeria? “First, the truth is that in the court case that occurred in the 90s, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege was cleared of all charges and was never a convict in the USA as being alleged; he continues to visit and leave the USA with his dignity intact. “Secondly, in Nigeria where some had made baseless insinuations without any iota of truth or fact, the judgment delivered by Hon. Justice O. A. Musa of the FCT High Court, Abuja on Tuesday, June 18, 2019, absolutely cleared Senator Omo-Agege of any wrongdoing when the court stated, inter alia, that: “There is no iota of evidence indicating that the applicant, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, stole the Mace and invaded the Senate; the allegation is more of his accomplices perpetuating the act, which has not been proved. “In a National Assembly where many are yet to get bills passed towards resolving salient issues in the Nigerian polity, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has endeared himself to the populace through such dynamic representation that includes tabling six bills within the first five months of the 9th Senate. “These include the Federal Polytechnic Orogun, Delta State (Establishment) Bill; Dormant Account Funds Management Bill; Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment in Tertiary Educational Institutions Bill; National Industrial Court Act (Amendment) Bill, Court of Appeal Act (Amendment) Bill and the Electoral Act (Amendment) Bill. “Also, a thoroughly detribalized Senator Omo-Agege, whose appointees include people from all of Nigeria’s geo-political zones, has continued to strive conscientiously towards accelerating investment, infrastructural and human capital development, along with economic multiplier effects across the Niger Delta. “The brief submissions, made above about Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, represent only part of reasons why we want the world to realize that all those pawns and their masters seeking to spread mischief and pull him down are only testing the will and resilience of the majority who remain on the good side of history and on the side of Senator Ovie Omo-Agege,” he said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE