About six persons were reportedly kidnapped by yet to be identified gunmen at Zuma community in Bwari Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. Although the report was still sketchy as at the time of filing this report, Tribune Online reliably gathered that the victims were abducted at different locations within the area council. Investigations by our Correspondent further revealed that while some were abducted at public centres, others were picked up in a farm. According to one of the witnesses, who did not want her name in print: “Josephine Danlami was one of the victims. She was kidnapped while coming out of Zuma 1 village to Bwari town. Another person, a 23-year old Isiah Bamayi, a Gbagyi indigene by tribe was also kidnapped while working on his father’s farm. “He was kidnapped while working together with his father and other family members on the farm. He was packing harvested yams and other produce on the farm when the intruders took her away,” she explained. Borno gov blasts soldiers on Damaturu-Maiduguri road over… Northern states should emulate Niger Republic on cultural… Soldier allegedly kills mother of five with knife, stabs own… Iran: Shi’ites burn US flag in Nigeria, condemn Soleimani’s… ALSO READ: NAICOM extends brokers, loss adjusters’ licences to two years It was further learnt that the kidnappers have reached out to the families of the victims to pay a ransom of N3, 000, 000 per person. While confirming the abduction, however, the Chairman of the Area Council, Mr John Gabaya said all the victims have regained their freedom after their family members paid the ransom. According to him: “The people were kidnapped within the first three days of the year were released yesterday (Sunday) by kidnappers and we are thanking God today for what he has done. Two sets of people were kidnapped. The first set of people were three and the second was also three. They have been released and now reunited with their families. For now, we have no incident of kidnapping.” When asked whether any ransom was paid, he said: “Yes, the ransom was paid. The families had to contribute to pay for the release of their people.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE