Police in Niger State has said it recovered over N16.6 million from suspects in parts of the state in the outgone year 2019. State Commissioner of Police, Alhaji Adamu Usman, stated this at the Police Officers Mess, Minna, the state capital over the weekend, adding that no fewer than 213 suspected criminals involved in various crimes and criminalities were arrested across the state within the period under review. The Police boss made the disclosure when he hosted journalists in the state to a lunch as well as the presentation of awards in recognition for their (media) selfless service to the Niger State Command of the Nigeria Police Force, noting that the suspects were arrested in connection with various crimes and criminalities across the state such as kidnapping, armed robbery, cattle rustling, rape and other sexual offences. Giving the breakdown of the suspects arrested in the period under review, Usman said 55 suspected kidnappers, 48 suspected armed robbers, 15 suspected cattle rustlers and 95 suspected rapists were arrested. ALSO READ: Aftermath of Boko Haram attack, Rep member calls for security beef up in Michika, Adamawa Kaduna dep gov visits late Professor’s family, says… UPDATE: One dead, three injured as fire razes Akesan market… We’ll justify confidence Lagosians reposed in us,… MASSOB, OPC, MEND, MBF, others not enemies of Nigeria ―… According to him, out of the total number of 213 suspects that were arrested, he said 150 of them were arraigned before the courts for prosecution, while no fewer than about 1,015 exhibits, including N16,6 million cash, were recovered from the suspects. He explained that this breakthrough was recorded by the Command as a result of “coordinated joint operations by police operatives attached to Operation Puff-Adder, in collaboration with other specialised units of the police through intelligence reports at the disposal of the command and collaboration with host communities in sharing relevant information with the police.” While acknowledging the role of the media in the success so far recorded, the CP, said that the “media is one of the key instruments used by the command to make its achievements known and acknowledged by members of the public.” Accordingly, he said the media, “in informing, entertaining and educating the general public in the fight against crimes and criminalities, is responsible for the command’s continuous collaboration with the media.” Meanwhile, the highlight of the gathering was the presentation of awards to some individuals and media houses in recognition of their contributions to crimes reporting in the state. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE