The Anambra state sector commandant of the Federal Road Safety Commission FRSC, Mr Andrew Ayodele Kumapayi, said, the command has arrested 20,621 traffic offenders for seat belt violation and other traffic offences in the state. Mr Kumapayi, who disclosed this while speaking to newsmen in Awka, on Monday, he also said that about 22,560 traffic offences were committed while 13,208 vehicles were impounded for road obstructions. According to him, from statistical analysis, there was a 41% increase in enforcement activities by officers and men of the commission. ALSO READ: ‘Amotekun’, desirable New Year gift ― Soyinka Kumapayi who gave a run-down of the commission’s activities in 2019, explained that the major traffic offence in 2019 was seat-belt violation, and noted that motorists were driving without using their seat-belts behind the wheels. World bank agency to build secondary school in Anambra… EEDC inaugurates new community empowerment programme for… One dies, others injured in Anambra road accident 80,000 people enrolled in Anambra health insurance scheme He said the commission confiscated about 9,665 vehicles in 2018, which he added was a significant increase in the number of offenders when compared to the records of last year. He said that between 15th December, 2019 and January 6th 2020, two persons were reportedly killed, 40 were injured, 13 were serious and two were minor injuries; amounting to 57 casualties. He, however, emphasized that the major objective of the commission was to ensure that the rate of road traffic crashes was reduced to the barest minimum, noting that even where there is a crash, the should be no deaths. The commission will intensify public education this year in order to inculcate the culture of road safety in the minds of road users while sensitisation Programmes will also be held in churches, markets , schools , motor parks and other strategic locations to further deepen the spread of road safety information and education in the state . He commended the State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano for the donation of four vehicles to the commission to aid its operations across Anambra State, noting that the state government has been very supportive of the activities and operations of the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC)  in the state. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE