The National Examination Council (NECO) has said that Council has no plan now to recruit new members of staff and asked the Nigerian public to disregard any such information calling for application. The body said that it’s attention has been drawn to an online publication purporting that the Council was planning to recruit new members of Staff. Head, Information and Public Relations Division of NECO, Mr Azeez Sani, who raised the alarm about a fake online publication claiming that NECO was planning for recruitment, insisted that there was no such plan for now. He, therefore, warned Nigerians, indeed, job-seekers against fraudsters and syndicate who are out to defraud unsuspecting members of the public through fake online recruitment advertisement. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/ngo-gives-scholarships-to-500-nigerian-students/ Third term claim: Presidency attacks Falana Buhari reserves right to reconstitute NDDC Board ― Senator… President Buhari commissions 628 police officers in Kano Buhari sacks Odubu’s NDDC Board Sani said the current management of the Council is a stickler to due process and maintains zero-toerance to impunity, stressing that there was no way NECO would recruit without following the due process of recruitment obtainable in the public service. In a statement made available to newsmen on Thursday in Abuja, Sani said: “The attention of the National Examinations Council (NECO) has been drawn to an on-line publication purporting that the Council is planning to recruit new members of Staff. “The Council enjoins members of the public to disregard the publication as it has no plan to recruit new Staff. “We also wish to state very strongly that the publication is the product of the imagination of fraudsters who are out to defraud unsuspecting members of the public. “NECO under the present leadership of the Acting Registrar/Chief Executive, Abubakar Mohammed Gana, and the Governing Board under Dr Abubakar Saddiq Mohammed are on the same page with the next level mantra of the Present administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, which is epitomized by transparency, adherence to due process, and Zero tolerance for impunity,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.