The governor of Oyo State, Engr Seyi Makinde on Tuesday, led members of his cabinet; the Deputy Governor, Rauf Olaniyan, the Secretary to the State Government, Mrs Olubanmwo Adeosun, the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Prof. Oyelowo Oyewo, Special Adviser on Legal Matters, Bolaji Ayorinde (SAN), and some commissioners, to honour the President of the Customary Court of Appeal in Oyo State, Justice Eni Esan, who took a bow out of the state judiciary. Also, the Chief Judge of Oyo State, Justice Munta L. Abimbola, led members of the bench across the state as well as top judicial officers to the valedictory court session held at the premises of the Customary Court of Appeal in honour of Justice Esan, as part of ceremonies marking her retirement from the Oyo State judiciary and her 65th birthday celebration. Speaking during the court session, Governor Makinde stated that though the judiciary is independent, the executive and the judiciary in Oyo State are at peace, adding that he came with members of his cabinet to honour Justice Esan because there is a smooth collaboration between the two arms of government.  The governor stated that corruption is a major challenge in the country, adding that it is therefore important to celebrate those found to be incorruptible and upright in their dealings. “Our major challenge as a nation is corruption, so when you see someone that everyone is attesting to be incorruptible like Honourable Justice Eni Esan, they should be celebrated for others to emulate. Though she is taking a bow out of active service, we will continue to call on her to tap from her knowledge and wealth of experience for the development of the state,” the governor stated. Mali’s 2012 coup leader released on bail amid trial… Your govt is tainted with nepotism, Gani Adams tells Buhari Niger Assembly passes 2020 appropriation bill of N155.4B NFVCB destroys unapproved films, video worth N100m ALSO READ: Your govt is tainted with nepotism, Gani Adams tells Buhari Justice Abimbola in his welcome address stated that the gathering was a special one and an unprecedented occurrence to have the judges of the High Court and the Customary Court of Appeal sitting together in honour of an individual. “This gathering is a special one and an unprecedented occurrence to have the judges of the High Court and the Customary Court of Appeal sitting together in honour of an individual Justice Eni Esan; a special colleague and sister, President of the Customary court of appeal, Oyo State. This is a demonstration of the camaraderie and unity of purpose among members of the bench and the judiciary as a whole,” Justice Abimbola stated. Also speaking, the Attorney General, Prof Oyelowo Oyewo, stated that his interaction with Justice Esan was short but impactful, adding that she is a diligent and upright judge. “She is erudite, capable, discreet, hardworking, elegant, patient and courteous; I salute her courage, her industry and her sense of decorum, she is worthy of emulation in every way. “There is no doubt that she has given her best in the service of her fatherland and has been diligent, I must state that she is an embodiment of the very best in the tradition of judicial personality, she has served this nation with unalloyed loyalty and devotion, she never pursued things of subjectivity of judicial processes nor compromise her objectivity, these qualities among others earned her the appointment as President of Customary Court of Appeal of Oyo State. She is leaving behind a record which any public servant should justly be proud of; you have made your path straight and tidy and you deserve the rest. “You have served your fatherland with dedication and loyalty, now it is time to bow out gracefully, Oyo State is grateful for your selfless service and devotion to duty. We thank God for the life of this conscientious jury, an epitome of hard work, an incorruptible judge of enviable character worthy of emulation, the bar and the bench will miss you. We congratulate you for your admirable record of service; it is our wish that you continue to make your valuable contribution to the development of Oyo State in particular and the country in general,” Prof. Oyewo said. In her response, Justice Esan who retired from the state judiciary on Tuesday at the age of 65 years after 31 years of meritorious service to the state stated that she only wants to thank God who she said had divinely orchestrated her life from the beginning as well as her husband, children and grandchildren who were considerate and understanding while she was in active service SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE