Three persons have been confirmed dead in Rivers State with the Lassa fever and their bodies already buried at the Port Harcourt city council. Dr Chinwe Atata, the Director State Ministry of Health on Planning  Research and Statistics on Thursday who disclosed this in a briefing in Port Harcourt said that other cases were been followed up by the state government. She added that 57 persons were currently under surveillance and going through the routine procedure, saying that they were tested regularly and everything was under control as the decontamination of the facility had been done. Atata stated that the state government had procured a large number of drugs for Lassa fever treatment in the state saying that the ministry was ready to fight the disease with drugs made available by the state government, Rivers University Teaching Hospital and some agencies in the state. ALSO READ: BBC to cut 450 newsroom jobs as part of £80m savings drive She said; “Recall that I briefed you some days ago that the state public health emergency operation centre had earlier commenced proactive measures for the contentment of the outbreak, about three samples going through lab test in the state had tested positive to Lassa fever. Wike commits N100m to scholarship of children of fallen… Militants should never dictate what happens in communities,… Rivers moves to improve investment with Ease of Doing… We have created favourable investment climate for Rivers ―… “The three persons tested positive are dead and their body buried at the Port Harcourt city council, the other cases are been followed up. “Those fifty-seven (57) persons under surveillance were going through the routine procedure, they are tested regularly and everything is under control and the decontamination of the facility had been done. “We have a large number of drugs for the treatment, our staff are ready and we are preparing isolation centres in case of any emergency. “I will continue to reiterate that in view of the prevailing upsurge of Lassa cases in the country,  all health service centres have been advised to maintain simple triage systems for all patients and uphold standard infection prevention principles required for service delivery,” she said. Atata advised the public to continue all necessary preventive measures under the circumstances to stay safe during this course urging the public to promote good “community hygiene ” to prevent rodents from entering homes. Atata urged the public to make an enquiry by calling the mobile numbers available to the public =08056109538, 08031888093 and 08033124314. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.