WHAT is your view on the planned withdrawal of troops by the Federal Government from troubled areas in the country? The government and people of Benue State appreciate Mr. President and the Federal Government for listening to the unanimous request of Benue people earlier on to replace ‘Exercise Ayem Akpatuma’ with ‘Operation Whirl Stroke’ which has done a very good job in the past one year restoring relative peace in troubled parts of the state, such as Guma, Logo and some other local government areas. The governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, led the call on behalf of his people to demand for full military operation, because the menace of herdsmen was becoming a real source of concern, not only for Benue people, but also the entire region. And when Mr. President approved the deployment of ‘Operation Whirl Stroke,’ the difference was instantly seen. Today, many of those people who were displaced have begun to go back to their ancestral homes, though there are many more left in camps. We are hoping and believing that the troops will not be withdrawn yet, because we don’t have complete peace yet in those areas. The trouble is just not yet over. That is why the government of Benue State has appealed to Mr. President. In fact, the governor met with him (President Muhammadu Buhari) and we understand that the process has begun to see what the Federal Government can do to extend the stay of ‘Operation Whirl Stroke’ in Benue. So, we would appreciate it, if this is done, because our people deserve the security that is being given them at the moment and we hope that the Presidency will respond positively to the call for the extension of the lifespan of ‘Operation Whirl Stroke’ in the State.  What is the level of compliance with the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law in the state? The law has been a success story since 2017 when it was enacted. A number of people who have violated the law have been arrested and some have already been convicted. We are hoping that if this continues, order is already being restored. People now know that it is an offense to openly graze livestock in Benue State and that is what the people want. The people have said through their representatives in the Assembly and the state executive council that open grazing is prohibited and it has become a law. So, the law is in full force and the Livestock Guards have been doing very well. Also, the security agencies, like the police, the Department of State Services (DSS) and others, have also cooperated with us and it is a success story. Open grazing has been phased out in Benue State and anyone who is thinking that it is a joke is dreaming, because if you violate the law, the law will take its course. You will be arrested and your animals impounded and detained for one week after which if you don’t come to pay the requisite fines, the animals will be auctioned according to the provisions of the law.  Now, the internally displaced persons (IDPs) have been in camps at least in the last two years. Why have they not gone back home and how long more are they going to stay in camps? It’s a sad story, but the government of Benue State has done everything within its limit to sustain the IDPs and to cater for them. We appreciate some development partners, civil society organizations, who came in to lend a helping hand. But you know that the resources of the Benue State government have been overstretched and that’s why we are hoping that with the presence of ‘Operation Whirl Stroke,’ gradually, these people will be relocated to their ancestral homes. But you can’t just do that now and ask all of them to vacate the camp, because if you move them into their homes without the presence of security, you would endanger them. So, it is better to allow security presence to be here as you move them. Movement of these people from the camps has to be in phases and gradually too. Some have left the camps for their homes to see how they can put up their destroyed homes and then do one or two farming activities so that when they go back, they will have something to sustain themselves with. It is not something you just do by moving people into an empty space. It will be worse than keeping them in the camps, if you do that. So, that is why we are hoping that the Federal Government will extend ‘Operation Whirl Stroke’ here so that we continue to push the process of relocating these people to their homes.  There’s this insinuation that the IDPs were kept for electoral purpose and that now that Governor Ortom has won the election, he is no longer giving them the attention he was giving them during the election. What’s your reaction to this? No! That’s not true. Remember that even then, the governor wasn’t going to the camps every day. He has representatives. He has an executive secretary on Benue State Emergency Management Agency and it is the job of that agency to look after these people, in collaboration with other relevant stakeholders. So, it is not the job of the governor to be going to camps every day. But he has been going and he keeps tab on what goes on in all IDP camps in the state. Every now and then, the exercise secretary of SEMA comes to brief the governor on progress being made in the camps and how some of these people are moving back to their homes. So, the governor has not abandoned the IDPs. He loves them and he wishes that all of them can move in one day if it’s possible. If it were possible, these people would have long gone back to their ancestral homes. But it is a security matter. It’s not something you just do like that.  There is this investigation that was carried out that the United Nations (UN) and other international donor organisations usually give grants for the upkeep of these IDPs quarterly. May we know if that is true and how much has the state government benefited from this grants? I don’t have details on this matter. I’ll recommend you to contact the SEMA executive secretary. I believe he will have one or two things to tell you about this. I don’t have the facts.  Across the country today, we have the biting effect of insecurity. This has made the South-Western states’ governors to come together to launch a security outfit codenamed Operation Amotekun. Are we expecting any such regional security outfit from the North-Central anytime soon? It’s not something that one governor will just make a categorical pronouncement about. This is something that has to do with a region. As you mentioned, it’s the decision of the entire South-Western states which came together and resolved on what they want to do. So, if anything of that nature is going to happen in the North-Central, it will not be a decision Governor Ortom would impose on the rest of his colleagues. But I believe that the governors of this region have been meeting too and if they consider it to be important to the region, why not? They will look at it and see what they can do for the benefit of their people.  Recently, we heard that the Minister of Special Duties and Inter-Governmental Affairs made an uncomplimentary statement on the Paramount ruler of the Tiv nation and the chairman of Benue State Traditional Council. Many people and groups have come up to condemn that alleged uncomplimentary statement against the Tor Tiv. Now, some people are of the opinion that those groups that are coming out are being sponsored by the state government. Can you react to this? The straight question to this is: Did Governor Ortom ask Senator Akume to go and insult the Tor Tiv? If he went and insulted the Tor Tiv and Tiv sons and daughters have found that unpalatable and uncomplimentary to their paramount ruler and they are calling and asking him to apologise publicly, how does Governor Ortom come in? Is it Governor Ortom that asked him to make a public statement against the Tor Tiv? Was the governor there when he made those statements? No. So, where does the governor come in here? I can’t find the place of the governor here. Has the governor made any public statement in this matter since it started? No. The groups that are speaking are doing that on their own. How would you tell me that former Governor Gabriel Suwsam, now a senator, could be twisted by the governor to making a public statement? How would you convince me that Senator Abba Moro, a former minister, will be conscripted into something he doesn’t want to do? And you want to tell me that Senator Oker Jev, who has been in the National Assembly for many years, a man of his own, would be compelled by the governor to make a public statement against his will? And then, you want to tell me that seven other members of the National Assembly, including the senators, would come together to say something against their wish. And then, you want to tell me that the Tiv Area Traditional Council, the Tiv youth group and all those groups that have come out to condemn this, the governor has controlled them and has forced them to come up and say these things? I don’t think any governor has such powers. That tells you that the people are truly angry and the governor has no hand in this. So, whoever is bringing the governor into this is playing a game of politics. Senator Akume should answer the people. If the people are angry and asking him to apologise, he should respond to the people and leave the governor out of this. At the appropriate time, Governor Ortom will respond to Senator Akume because he has written so many unfounded petitions against the governor. But that’s a different matter. On this one, he should face the people and talk to them. The people are asking him to apologise to the Tor Tiv and the governor has no hand in it.  If other Tiv sons and daughters can come out to condemn this uncomplimentary comment against the Tor Tiv, why is the governor not coming out openly to condemn it? The governor is governor of Benue State and he should be the last person to speak on issues like this, because the people are already speaking out and venting their anger. The governor shouldn’t be the first to speak out when something is wrong, because the governor is the father of the state. The people are still talking. At the right time, the governor will speak. But at the moment, Benue people are still talking. Yesterday, it wasn’t just a matter of Tiv; it was the entire state. Those National Assembly members cut across all the ethnic groups of Benue State, Tiv, Idoma, Igede. All of them were there and they spoke with one voice. So, the governor is the father of the state and shouldn’t be the first to comment on something that is controversial and capable of dividing his state. He would weigh all the statements and at the end, he would have a say on this matter. But for now, I think Senator Akume is the best person to respond and not Governor Ortom.  There’s is this school of thought that believe Akume is angry with the Tor Tiv because of the role the state governor played in his emergence. This school of thought said Professor Ayatse wasn’t the preferred candidate, but that Governor Ortom used his power and imposed him on the people. Could that be why Senator Akume is venting his anger on the throne? VIDEO: Pandemonium as pipeline explodes in Lagos Supreme Court to deliver judgment in Kano, Sokoto guber… Northern Youth Forum appoints Bowen VC as ‘Garkuwan… PDP condemns APC’s defense of Imo guber judgement Is that an assumption or has Senator Akume said so? I have not seen or read where he has said so. So, I will not attribute any statement to him. But if he himself says so, we will know how to respond to him. For now, we have not seen or heard him anywhere accuse Governor Ortom of installing the Tor Tiv. The role the governor played was to sign the Benue State Chieftaincy Law which now gave the people the power to install their chiefs in all the ethnic groups of state. And this was done transparently and the Tor Tiv emerged by popular vote. He emerged transparently with popular votes cast unanimously. The governor wasn’t there when selection was conducted. His job was to sign the law and allow the kingmakers to do their job. I have not seen where Senator Akume accused Ortom anyway. But you asked me a question and I am speaking generally, not responding to Akume. If anyone should insinuate that Governor Ortom installed the Tor Tiv, that man is not being fair to the governor. Ortom did not install the Tor Tiv, but the Tiv kingmakers did. It was in a popular and transparent manner that it was done and when the Tor Tiv emerged, there was no contest, no court case, no issue arising from it up till today. If anyone comes today to play politics with that process, then, it means that person was not in Benue State when the Tor Tiv emerged.  As one of the prominent sons of Tiv, what would you say, concerning these alleged unguarded utterances? I have no personal opinion on this matter. I’m responding to your question in the capacity of spokesman to Governor Ortom.  The Tor Tiv, since his installation, has been staying in a temporary apartment, because the main palace has been under renovation. How long would the Benue people wait to see their paramount ruler return to the main palace as culture and tradition demand? Very soon and by the time that palace is completed, it would be about the best in this country and the governor has given all his interest to it. Recently, he was on the site to inspect the renovation and we expect that the work would be completed very soon on the palace. But as an interim measure, the governor quickly renovated the government guest house in Gboko which had been made a semi-palace befitting of the status of Tor Tiv and he is not homeless as we speak, because of the proactive measures made by Governor Ortom to make sure that the king of Tivland and chairman of Benue State Council of Chiefs has a befitting place. We are hoping that the work on the main palace will be completed very soon.  What would Benue people expect from Governor Ortom this year? The people should expect wonderful things. The governor had already spoken that 2020 is a special year and that he is going to put in everything to make sure that the people get reward for their investment in him as a person and as a governor to lead them for another term. There would be massive construction of roads, massive construction of other facilities like upgrading of our hospitals and primary schools. That is already going on. There will be upgrading of secondary schools; the buildings and facilities in these institutions are being given a facelift. Many blocks are being built in our primary school premises and they are courtesy of this government and more would be done this year and the years to come. We are hoping that the government would get more funds and with that, we will be able to open many roads this year and remaining years of the Ortom-led government, because we believe that by the end of Ortom’s tenure, he will be inaugurating many projects. So, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are the target years so that by the last year, he should be inaugurating many more projects. The people should be a bit patient; they have already been patient. The people are not going to regret voting Governor Ortom for a second term. Salary will continue to be paid as and when due. We are processing the arrears; we are hoping that those funds that the government is pursuing will come in so that the arrears would be cleared and the pensioners too would get their entitlements.  What about the promise made by the governor that more people would be employed this year? How soon will this happen? Yes, he said that he is aware of the gaps existing in the civil service and the need to fill those gaps. Because these people who are retiring, if you are not careful, you will have an empty civil service. So, the governor is aware of this and then, he has already directed the head of service to do something in this regard and I believe that very soon, the government will be taking steps to see how those gaps in the civil service would be filled, because there are many graduates in the state. But the governor is not only looking at white-collar jobs for the Benue people. Recently, he was talking about vocational training, especially those who left the university and do not have skills. He is in talks with the Republic of Belarus which has promised to come and establish a technical university in Benue State. The government of Ortom wishes to train our people in vocational skills and that is why he built gigantic vocational centres in the three zones of the state, so that our people should have entrepreneurship spirit. You finished school, you don’t have any skill, then, you are out of the market. But when you have a skill, even without a white collar job, you will survive and sustain yourself. So, this government is looking in that direction and we hope that this would be done and done very soon.  Recently, one of the Fulani leaders in the state, Alhaji Garus Gololo, said on Liberty TV that Governor Ortom was using soldiers to drive away Fulani from the state. What is your take on this? I think that is an insult to the integrity and professionalism of the Nigerian military. No governor controls the military. The military has their high command in Abuja, the defence headquarters, and they only collaborate with the state government to provide security for the people. And whoever is residing in Benue State deserves to be protected. It is the duty of the state government, led by Governor Ortom at this time, to protect the people. When Gololo was in Benue State, he was enjoying security; no one harassed him. Governor Ortom was in collaboration with security agencies, giving them support every now and then for them to be able to provide needed security which Gololo also enjoyed. So, for him to now turn and accuse the military of colluding with the state government, then, it means he has insulted the military of this country and that’s quite unfortunate.  Civil servants, especially the directors in the MDAs, including commissioners who are heading the ministries, are lamenting that the governor removed some powers that enabled them to give approval to certain files, documents and funds for work to go on smoothly. What is your take on that? Well, there is due process. This government believes in due process and transparency and the governor has said he is an anti-corruption governor. So, in order to put check, he does that supervision. You know our people when you supervise them so closely, they get angry. The governor is a man who puts his eyes on the ball. He wants to see that the right thing is done. It is not that he has muscled or squeezed the system; he is only supervising them to make sure that everything is done according to the rule of law and adherence to due process. So, for anyone to complain means the person has the tendency to be corrupt. If you don’t have any intention to be corrupt, then, you should be happy that your boss is in interested in the job you are doing and insists that everything you are doing should be done according to due process. That’s all I know. He has not goaded the civil service and has not stopped civil servants from doing their jobs.  Some of the local government caretaker committee chairmen in the state have alleged that despite the Nigeria Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) directive, Governor Ortom still makes deduction arbitrarily from their funds. How true is it? That is not true. Governor Ortom has complied with the NFIU directive fully and has directed the Bureau of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs to comply strictly with the NFIU requirements. Ortom doesn’t interfere with local government funds and there are no such deductions. So, the chairmen are in charge now and they should be accountable to the people, because the governor doesn’t control their funds. That is why governors are arguing that they have to amend the constitution before implementing it fully. Now, the constitution says there should be a joint account. So, you cannot separate the state from the local government account, as it is now, until you do that. For now, no one is saying that there should not be bureau or ministry of local government and chieftaincy affairs; it has to be, because that is what the law says. And until you take away that portion of the law, you cannot move funds from Abuja directly to the local government. As it is now, there has to be a joint account but there is a limit to it. The government does not interfere with the fund. Once the money comes, it is sent to them to pay salaries and do projects. So, the chairmen should be accountable. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE