Kwara State government has said that it was served with a writ of summons on Tuesday, and not that of an order restraining it from taking further action on the disputed land on which “ile-Arugbo” was demolished. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Tuesday, the state Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Ayinla Jawondo, however, said that though it technically meant that the state government has not been restrained but “as a government that believes in the rule of law, we have decided to stop further action on the matter until the final decision of the court.” Jawondo also said that the injunction granted would expire after seven days, adding that by the time the case is argued in the court the injunction would be withdrawn. Jawondo said the case would come up for hearing on January 15, 2020. ALSO READ: Incentives for Eastern ports patronage not enough ― Stakeholders He also said that the intention of the state government was to demolish and construct the state secretariat on the expansive land as planned. 66 Oyo primary schools to benefit from UBEC programme Man butchers fellow man, eats his testicles, body parts Tawari attack: Senator Adeyemi meets NEMA, seeks immediate… Uniport undergraduate wins Princewill’s Trust December… “Since we have not been served the court order, it could mean that we have not been restrained, but the issue is that even before they got the order of interim of the injunction, on our own we have stayed actions on it. “Our decision was taken since last week Friday when they brought the advance copy of what was brought today which is official. “This is because we want to follow the rule of law, so whether they served us this order or not we have stopped further action as a government that believes in the rule of law.” Jawondo also said that though the state government does not know the facts presented by the Sarakis which prompted the court to grant them the injunction, but expressed the belief that by the time the case is argued in the court the injunction would be withdrawn. “But we know as a matter of fact that by the time we place the real fact before the court, the court will know that in the first instance they did not deserve the order of injunction granted them. “From what we have, the Sarakis don’t have anything other than the 2005 allocation paper which stated six conditions before they could construct on the land and not one of those conditions was fulfilled,” he said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE