The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, on Wednesday, donated baby items and cash to 120 babies delivered in selected Primary Health Care Centres across the six Area Councils of the territory as part of activities to celebrate the New Year. Making the donation in Chikuku Primary Health Care Centre of Kuje Area Council, the minister described the successful delivery as a bundle of joy, while praying that joy would continue to radiate in the territory in 2020 and beyond. The minister, who was represented by the acting Executive Secretary of Primary Health Care Centre, Dr Iwot Ndaeyo, also tasked mothers on the early training of their children, just as she emphasised that children are a gift from God. Dr Aliyu, according to a statement by her Special Assistant on Media, Mr Austine Elemue, used the occasion to remind mothers of the need to ensure that their babies complete the routine immunisation before the age of two years, just as she called on them to keep the immunisation card safe and accept all vaccines given during government-approved immunisation campaigns. ALSO READ: Bauchi will bounce back in spite of challenges of the past, Bauchi Speaker declares Most bizarre act of 2019: Killing of Favour Daley-Oladele African giant, Burna Boy:  Entertainment personality of 2019 Trade union lauds Ganduje over minimum wage implementation Anthony Joshua: Meet the comeback kid According to her: “Note that vaccines are free in all Government Health facilities and you do not pay for cards, syringes or cotton wool. Report to the Primary Health Care Department in the Area Council should you be charged a fee for Immunisation services. “Remember to take care of yourselves and be well and fit always so that your babies grow well and be useful to you and society. Attend Post Natal clinics and continue to take your routine medicines,” she charged them. The minister further used the occasion to reiterate the FCT administration’s determination to support those in genuine needs and emphasised the Administration’s desire to promote the culture of being our brother’s keepers at all times. Speaking on behalf of other beneficiaries, the mother of the Star baby in Chikuku Primary Health Care Centre, Mrs Rachael Senth, who delivered at 3.05 am thanked the minister for the kind gesture, adding that the items and cash donation would assist mothers at this early stage of delivery. The ministerial team also visited Old Kutunku Primary Health Care Centre in Gwagwalada Area Council, Kunchigoro Primary Health Care Centre in Abuja Abuja Municipal Area Council (AMAC), Ushafa Primary Health Care in Bwari Area Council, Dabi Bako Primary Health Care in Kwali Area Council and New Township Clinic in Abaji Area Council. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.