The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Tuesday, commended the National Hospital for the successful separation of Siamese twins conjoined at chest and abdomen. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the conjoined twins were referred from the Federal Medical Centre, Keffi, Nasarawa to the hospital on August 13, 2018. Ehanire, who gave the commendation at a news conference in Abuja, said it was the first time that such surgery would be carried out at the hospital. He also said it was the first surgery of the type done in the hospital and the achievement would make the realm of advance surgery in the country. “I am happy that we have good news coming from a Nigerian hospital and in this case, we do not need to rush them abroad for surgery; it is a case of homegrown surgery. “I commend the team lead by Prof. Emmanuel Ameh, Chief Consultant Pediatric Surgeon and other specialists that separated the twins. ALSO READ: Man butchers fellow man, eats his testicles, body parts “The children had to be nurtured from birth to stable size by the medical team before the surgery was carried out. National Hospital discharges first successfully operated… NMA tasks FG on inclusion of cancer treatment in NHIS Abuja National Hospital inaugurates executive wing Oyo assembly tasks NDLEA, health ministry on enforcing… “I am delighted and proud to be with you and with the leadership of the National Hospital for this achievement,’’ he said. According to him, the surgery followed a detailed plan, dedication of the team, excellent work and support of the hospital management. Also speaking, the Minister of State of Health, Dr Olorunnimbe Mamora, attributed the success of the surgery to God and the team spirit demonstrated by the surgical team. Mamora said medical professionals and health care experts needed to be encouraged to do more, urging them to do more to address other surgical problems. In her remarks, Dr Mariya Mukhar-yola, Chief Consultant Pediatrician, Head of Neonatology said the babies (girls) Goodness and Mercy were received and they found to be conjoined at the thorax and abdomen. Mukhar-yola said the combined weight of the babies was five kg when they were received. “Major activities prior to surgery included infection control, feeding, fluid therapy, immunisation, monitoring growth and development and controlling crowd,’’ she said. NAN reports that the surgery lasted for 12 and a half hours on November 14, 2019, after which they were admitted and nurtured to 15 months. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE