The Special Adviser on Information and Communication Strategy to Kogi State Governor, Kingsley Fanwo, has stated his avowed commitment to transform the information ministry of the State. He said he is resolute in his desire to rapidly move the information sector to a higher pedestal, adding that the sector would soon regain its rightful status as the rallying point of digital governance in the State. Emphasising his resolved, he disclosed that he would be injecting new ideas to drive a modern ministry of information and communication in line with the digital approach of Governor Yahaya Administration. ALSO READ: I will be fair to all Nigerians irrespective of tribe, religion, others ― Buhari Hon Fanwo made this commitment known at the maiden meeting with the management and staff of the State Bureau of Information Services and Grassroots Sensitisation at the State Secretariat Complex Lokoja. FG’s Cash Transfer beneficiaries hit 62, 000 in Kogi Buhari retiring in 2023 is a new year gift ― Olafemi Kogi Commissioner of Police condemns attack on Tawari 23 killed, palace, houses burnt down as gunmen attack… He charged the Information staff to do away with mediocrity and imbibe a new attitude towards the new information drive of showcasing the excellent governance posture of Governor Yahaya Bello’ s Administration. He stressed that the achievements of the Government of Governor Bello are legendary, and as information manager, the Bureau should proudly and promptly disseminate such through the appropriate channels of communication. He enjoyed the staff to accord him their maximum cooperation and support to achieve the lofty ideas and approach in bringing to bear a modern information and communication sector in Kogi State. Responding the unit head in charge of the New Media at the Bureau, Mr. Ebenezer Adurodija solicited for committed government funding of the information sector as most of the activities of the Bureau have been stocked owning to unavailability of funds, saying that the Bureau is endowed with adequate and capable human resources that can be harnessed for speedy information drive in the State. In his remarks, the Director of Information Services, Mr. Jordan Akpata, pledged the readiness of the staff to put in their best and support to the new leadership of the Bureau. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE