No place is truly safe for the female population in today’s society; sexual harassment has dug so deep into our society that now cases of abuse are seen as normal and are easily ignored. Sexual harassment can be viewed in many ways: gender harassment, which includes verbal and non-verbal behaviours that convey hostility; unwanted sexual attention, verbal and physical sexual advances, sexual coercion and professional or educational favouritism that is based on sexual activity, among others. Many women do not realize that gender harassment is also a form of sexual harassment. They are more vulnerable and most likely prone to be sexually harassed than the men. As it is said, it’s a man’s world; therefore, this gives most men the mindset to do as they please. But the world is evolving and orientation is changing. Few women have learnt to speak up for themselves as well as other women kept in compromising positions. Not all can be helped because not every victim wants help. Some still believe that they can’t win,  especially since the religious books expect women to be submissive to men. But this doesn’t mean they should be treated as slaves. It is right to respect people but if you have being sexually harassed, even if it is once, speak up and don’t let it happen a second time, Don’t be bullied into silence. Distribution of fake drugs On FG’s declaration of Amotekun as illegal One year after the Lassa Fever conference: Are we rising to… FOMWAN raises the alarm over almajiri children in Nigeria… Sexual harassment is not a typically isolated incident; there are series or patterns of escalating incidents and behaviours. It is also widely known that in a white setting, women of colour are more sexually harassed than the white. That’s not to say that some white women aren’t also being harassed sexually. Sexual harassment undermines women’s professional, educational, mental and physical health. It remains a persistent problem in the workplace and learning environments at large. The recent issue on the sex for grades in African universities is another major concern because these are the lecturers who are supposed to guide and lead the students. People should learn to speak up in the face of harassment.  Ogbonna Glory-Divine, Ogun state  STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE