THE Airport Fire and Safety Cooperative Multipurpose Society (AFSCMS) has announced that it was embarking on a vigorous membership drive, nationwide, in order to restore confidence and raise funds for members. Speaking at the 19th annual general meeting of the AFSCMS, the newly elected president, Alhaji Saheed Sadiq, in his acceptance speech, declared that the Cooperative would strive to raise its membership strength from the present 4000 to 6000 in 2020. According to Sadiq, the new executive tagged ‘Team Change’ will ensure that those who left the cooperative for one reason or the other will be made to come back to the fold and contribute their quota to the growth of the society How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC Sadiq who said the primary mandate of his team was to meet the demands of members as and when due, pleaded with them to cooperate in the area of prevailing bye laws and implementation by fully complying, even as he urged members with heavy loan requests on compassionate ground, to give the new executive six months to enable them stabilise in order to meet their demands. In an interview with journalists earlier, Sadiq who was the former secretary of the cooperative under the immediate past administration of Richard Tella, promised to consolidate on the achievement of the past executive and assured members of better times. According to him, during the last administration, the cooperative was able to defray over 90 per cent cost of landed property at Agbara, in Ogun State, which was purchased for over N500 million, while the school and hotel projects would soon be put to use. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.