Prince John Maiyaki, a former aide to the All Progressives Congress (APC) national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has dismissed the move by a former Speaker of the Edo State House of Assembly, Honourable Kabiru Adjoto, to release a documentary to expose alleged misdeed of the former Edo State governor as nothing to worry about. Adjoto had declared that the documentary ”exposing the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole’s dark waters,” would be unveiled in Abuja on January 30. Adjoto, particularly, listed the alleged mismanagement of contracts for the Edo Central Hospital and the N30 billion Benin Storm Water project. But Maiyaki, in a statement, said the former lawmaker was being used to discredit the APC chairman and expressed confidence that the details to be revealed in the said video would ultimately turn out to be a mere falsehood . ALSO READ: Foreign countries sabotaging efforts to repatriate Diezani ― Magu He said: ”There is a contest amongst the leeches and hangers-on of the embattled Godwin Obaseki on who will get the fattest share of the illegal cake the governor has declared for anyone willing to trade his voice, dignity and reputation by lowering into the septic tank, alongside roaches and other earthly scums, to swim in dirt and rub same on other people as they try, fruitlessly so, to bargain for another four years after a previous one of no show.” According to Mayaki, Adjoto’s devotion to Obaseki is driven by two things: “an opportunity to extract funds from a desperate man willing to do anything and a crippling fear of life outside of government protection. Unravel killers of our party leader, Oyo APC tells CP Sokoto rerun: APC candidate, 10,000 others defect to PDP Amotekun: Vote of no confidence on Buhari presidency ― PDP Supreme Court verdict: mass defection looms in Bauchi APC “As Speaker, Kabiru Adjoto, a stark illiterate with very little substance in the way of sense however common, perfidiously stripped the Assembly he led of any independence and colluded with Godwin Obaseki to abuse processes and cheat the public. “Under his watch, fake contracts were slipped into the budget and passed, hidden loans were secured and diverted, the law was implemented at the discretion of the governor without consequences, and the House of Assembly served at the pleasure of the governor instead of the voting public and the people of Edo State. “Aware of the gravity of these crimes and afraid of the consequences of returning to life as a private citizen, Kabiru Adjoto, the junior demon, turned to his senior, Godwin Obaseki, and they both claimed victory of a House of Representatives seat before the court packed and disposed of him in the bin only after a few days of soiling the grounds of the National Assembly with his odorous presence. “Eventually, appointed as a Special Adviser, he found succour in the cabinet of Obaseki, that gathering of men with questionable characters, one of whom is now languishing in a cell in Europe for money laundering and has been denied by the same government he was criminally serving. “To keep his spot and to avoid a fate that will interminably befall him, Adjoto has to deliver a convincing performance. Hence his constant mouth diarrhoea, his ostentatious display of support for the governor and the now latest promise to release a documentary purportedly showing the dark side of a man he is not even fit to lace his boot. “It is in character for Kabiru Adjoto to dwell in the dark for he is a soulless man of darkness with no single ray of light in his life. But he must understand that Adams Oshiomhole is out of reach and not in the same realm as him. “If Adjoto is out of thuggery business considering that Obaseki has reportedly found another fixer in that sector, he can turn his attention to his own life and wonder why at his age, he remains nothing but an errand boy, sent to cover the mess of others at the expense of his freedom, reputation, and life. “What he is avoiding will befall him, no doubt. But before then, let everyone pay attention now so that when Adjoto answers for his crimes, there shall be no foul cry or needless tears of sympathy,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE