Governors in the south have been using the names of Oodua Peoples’ Congress (OPC), vigilantes, Agbekoyas and hunters association to build credibility for Operation Amotekun through the pages of newspapers and digital channels whereas these local militia groups have no input whatsoever in the Amotekun project. Strictly, South-West governors are to handle recruitment in their respective states through a decentralised system of recruitment, and this is acceptable. But the truth is that the state governors, excluding Ondo State governor, seem to be majorly recruiting their political boys to the detriment of experienced hunters, vigilantes, agbekoyas, soluderos and OPC members. Political loyalists of state governors are being recruited into the scheme to provide empowerment for the boys; merit is jettisoned for political exigencies. Operationally, Amotekun has only one objective as approved by the requisite state security formations to gather intelligence and report to the police, civil defence, army and air force officials. Amotekun officials have no power to arrest and detain before handling over suspected armed robbers, kidnappers, ritualists, etc to the formal security agencies for more investigation and prosecution. If kidnappers and armed robbers they spot and even have the advantage to capture them, they must not do so. Officials of Amotekun scheme who disobey provisions laid down by the police are to be reprimanded, disengaged or prosecuted. Sanwo-Olu says 2020 turning point for great things in Lagos Sen Akanbi condoles Oyo people, Alaafin, govt over Akesan… Police arrest housewife for allegedly pushing her co-wife,… Kano Road Traffic Agency impounds bus conveying alcohol,… In fairness, I blame not the police and other formal security actors; they are only trying to work in accordance with provisions of the constitution. Therefore, I want to say there is nothing innovative, creative or unique about Operation Amotekun because the functions assigned to the officials of the yet to be inaugurated group are already being performed by various self-determination groups like OPC, VGN, Soludero, VGN, Yoruba Koya and Agbekoya amongst others. The much-publicised event slated for Thursday January 9, 2020 is for fanfare to prepare food for the boys as major stakeholders jettisoned for political exigencies. I thereby call on Yoruba people to take their destiny into their hands by demanding for the restructuring of Nigeria.  Maxwell Adeleye Maxwelladeleye@gmail.com. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE