Few hours before his scheduled departure for a one-week trip to London for the United Kingdom-Africa Summit, President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday met with the nation’s service chiefs to review the status of security in the country. The meeting evaluated the readiness of the military and other security agencies to deal with various threats and keep the country safe. The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadiq Abubakar, who briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of the meeting, called on Nigerians to support the security forces rather than do anything that negates the approved community policing. Abubakar assured that given the effort to acquire new platforms for the security services, they would be able to protect Nigerians and defend the nation’s territorial integrity. He stated: “You recall that we had a meeting on the 30th December 2019 and today we held another one. The whole essence of the meeting is to critically evaluate what the armed forces of Nigeria, as well as other security and intelligence agencies, are doing with regard to ensuring that the territorial integrity of Nigeria is not undermined by any individual or group of individuals. ALSO READ: Ex-Edo dep gov, Ize-Iyamu, Airhiavbere tackle Obaseki “We also looked at the emerging situations in some of our areas particularly acts of banditry in some of the North-Western states and other parts of the country and we have critically looked at everything and we are satisfied with the progress we are making, we are satisfied with the support of the Federal Government is giving the armed forces and other security agencies in terms of procurement of platforms. “A substantial number of this equipment are expected by the end of February. Some of the equipment we are acquiring have started arriving for the Nigerian Air Force, two helicopter gunships have arrived on the 15th of January and we are now in the process of putting them together which will add to whatever we have. Ex-Edo dep gov, Ize-Iyamu, Airhiavbere tackle Obaseki Buhari nominates IMF executive director as CBN deputy gov Buhari leaves for UK-Africa investment summit Amotekun: Product of Buhari’s vision on community… “We are equally expecting other equipment like I said that is meant for the armed forces of Nigeria which we are hoping to get by the end of February. “I am sure you are also familiar with the equipment acquisition by the Nigerian Police Force. I am sure you are also aware of the policy on Community Policing that was approved by Mr President and it is going to be funded. “The whole idea is to ensure that Nigeria is secured and Nigerians can go about pursuing their legitimate aspirations without any hindrance. “I think basically that is what this meeting is all about and what we want to do here is to reassure Nigerians that the armed forces of Nigeria and indeed security and intelligence agencies in Nigeria are going to continue to work round the clock to ensure that our country is secured and to ensure that nobody undermines the territorial integrity and national sovereignty of Nigeria. “We are going to keep a very close watch on what is going on and with the equipment that we are getting, definitely, the challenges we are facing in some of the theatres of operation particularly the North East will be addressed adequately. “We are doing everything with the other sister countries in the Lake Chad Basin working together to ensure that the Boko Haram terrorism is brought substantially to an end as quickly as possible. “I think our appeal is for all Nigerians and other stakeholders to join hands with the armed forces of Nigeria and other security and intelligence agencies to ensure that our country is secured rather than looking at other methods that are likely going to negate the national policy and community policing policy that the Federal Government has approved. “What we expect is for all stakeholders, local government, state government, other stakeholders to join hands with us, let us work together to ensure that our country is secured.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE