Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola has inaugurated a committee to work out the modalities for the implementation of the minimum wage for all workers in the state. He also assured that nothing would make him discontinue payment of full workers’ salaries as and when due, adding that the workers’ welfare is very important to his administration. Oyetola, who spoke at his office while inaugurating the committee, urged them to ensure that they arrive at a reasonable amount of increment that would not be capable of stopping the government from paying salaries as and when due. The governor said his administration would work through the committee to arrive at a soft landing that would be pleasing to both workers and government, just as he commended the labour leaders and the entire workforce for their cooperation and sense of understanding in the last one year. Oyetola said, “I thank the leadership of labour for their level of cooperation in the last one year. You made my transition from Chief of Staff to governor very simple. The welfare of workers is very important to me. That’s why we pay their salaries promptly and in full. “We’re committed to paying the new minimum wage. But we need to now double up our IGR. It is very important to collectively drive the IGR because it is the only source for payment of the minimum wage. ALSO READ: 2020: Fayose greets Nigerians, says he remains political headache to haters Bauchi agrees to pay N30,000 minimum wage Minimum wage: Federal workers assured of payment arrears Minimum wage: Bauchi inaugurates council for review Osun: Lagos-Ibadan rail line repairs stall Yuletide free… “Thank God we’ve spent one year without rancour, no strike. We’ll work together to have a safe landing that will be acceptable to the two parties. I’m delighted to see this committee being inaugurated.” Earlier in his address, the Head of Service, Dr Festus Olowogboyega Oyebade, commended the governor for putting an end to the suffering of the civil servants in the state. He stated that “in line with the common tradition of labour, it’s important that whenever there is a new minimum wage it is important that it is renegotiated. That is why a committee to work out the implementation of the minimum wage is being inaugurated today,” Oyebade added. In his reaction, the chairman, Joint Negotiation Council (JNC), Comrade Bayo Adejumo, assured that the labour leaders would cooperate with the government to avoid a “war-war type” of negotiation. He lauded Oyetola for being always supportive of workers in all negotiations from his days as Chief of Staff till now as governor, adding that the current administration had implemented most of the past agreements reached by the government with labour. Members of the committee which would be chaired by the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Dr Charles Akinola, are the Head of Service, Dr Festus Oyebade; Hon. Commissioner for Finance, Mr Bola Oyebamiji; Commissioner for Budget and Economic Planning, Prof. Olalekan Yinusa; Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Oluwafemi Akande; Commissioner for Human Resources and Capacity Building, Mrs Giwa Lateefah Abiodun; Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Mrs Bimpe Ogunlumade; and the State Accountant General, Mr Sunday Igbaroola. The labour leaders in the committee are the Chairman, Joint Negotiation Council (JNC), Comrade Bayo Adejumo; Secretary JNC, Comrade Richard Oyegbemi; Chairman, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Sunday Adekomi; Secretary, NLC, Comrade Rufus Adeyemi; Chairman, Trade Union Congress (TUC) Comrade Adebowale Adekola; Secretary (TUC), Comrade Akin Olatunbosun; Chairman ASCSN, Comrade Dauda Adeyemi; his Secretary Comrade Jide Akinlami. Others are Comrade Lasun Akindele, Chairman, Council II; Comrade Bimbo Arapasopo, Secretary, Council II; Comrade Gbenga Oyebode, Chairman, Council III; Comrade Adeniyi S.M. Secretary, Council III; Comrade Amuda Wakeel Alade, Chairman, Nigeria Union of Teachers, (NUT); Comrade Adedeji Adeyeye, Chairman, Nigeria Union of Local Government Employee (NULGE); Comrade John Ugoro, NULGE Secretary; and Comrade Salam Kayode, Secretary, NUT. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.