Christians in Bogoro Local Government Area of Bauchi State have been called upon to ensure that they live in peace, unity and harmony with one another and other adherents of other faiths for the development of the area. The call was made by the Chairman of the Council, Iliya Habila while addressing Christians at the St Dominic’s Catholic Church, Bar Arewa in Bogoro LGA of the state on the new year worship service on Wednesday. The Chairman particularly advised youths to shun violence, drug abuse and embrace education and other skills to ensure self-reliance just as he appealed to them to continue to pray for the Governments at all levels to achieve their aims of providing social amenities to the people. As part of activities to mark the new year celebration in the area, the Chairman visited patients at the General Hospital in Bogoro where he sympathised with their conditions and prayed God to heal them and grant them the strength to engage in their various endeavours in the year 2020. ALSO READ: Kwara Land Bureau opens up on civil service clinic’s property Most bizarre act of 2019: Killing of Favour Daley-Oladele African giant, Burna Boy:  Entertainment personality of 2019 Trade union lauds Ganduje over minimum wage implementation Anthony Joshua: Meet the comeback kid Iliya Habila also asked the patients and relations to pray for their healing, pray for their leaders as they have witnessed another new year and commended the efforts of the hospital staff in meeting to the needs of the patients despite the daunting challenges. He then gave the patients some token amounts of money to augment their medical bills. On the challenges being faced by the medical personnel in the course of the discharge of their duties, he promised to take the issue to higher authorities, while the council will assist in areas where it can subject to availability of funds. The Chief Nursing Officer of the hospital, Mr Ibrahim Makama, thanked the chairman for the gesture which he said would go a long way in assisting the patients and their relatives. He said that the hospital staff were facing some challenges in the course of discharging their duties and called on the authorities concerned to address the issues. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.