A 60-year -old woman, Mrs Banji Ademuyiwa, who was abducted on New year eve along Ikun Akoko, in Akoko Southwest Local Government Area of Ondo State, has regained her freedom after a ransom of N60,000 was paid to her abductors. Ademuyiwa who was said to be going to a neighbouring village with her son on a motorcycle was stopped by the armed men, who dragged her from the motorcycle into the bush. The woman was said to be released after spending a week with the kidnappers after the payment of the ransom by her family. Meanwhile, abductors of the factional ward chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Akungba Akoko, James Tolorunju Ajulo have demanded the sum of N10 million ransom for his release. The kidnappers were said to have contacted the family of the victim some hours after the kidnap of Ajulo from his Akungba-Akoko residence. A family source disclosed that the kidnappers contacted the wife of the victim, demanding for N10 million to secure her husband freedom. He said “the abductors have contacted the family on the phone this morning, using his personal phone to call his wife around 11:30 am and asked her to raise N10m before they would release him to us. “His wife pleaded with them not to harm her husband with a promise to get back to them soon but we have noticed that the kidnappers have already switched off the phone,” Police arrest suspected kingpin of kidnapping gang in Bauchi A close friend of the family, Tolu Babaleye, however, said the family of the victim has been negotiating with the kidnappers, urging them to reduce the ransom. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Buhari reverses REA MD’s suspension, exonerates Ogunbiyi He said “the money is too much for the family to raise hence the need for the abductors to review their demand to a reasonable extent. In another development, a 70 – year -old Anglican Cleric of Danian Marian Memorial Anglican church Ikun Akoko southwest local government area of the state, Rev Cannon Foluso Ogunsuyi, and his son were attacked by gunmen suspected to be armed robbers. The clergy and his Army Sergeant were stopped on their way to Oba Akoko when the incident happened. According to a source, the hoodlums dispossessed the two victims of their valuables and the sum of N92,000 while the Army Sergeant was macheted by the hoodlums was rushed to the Federal Medical Center (FMC) in Owo. Confirming the attack, the Divisional Police Officer for Oba Akoko, Mr Ade Akinola, said the incident was reported at the station. He said the police has commenced an investigation into the matter, assuring that the hoodlums will be brought to book. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE