Gombe State Government has expressed determination that it will ensure a strict tracking of all incomes and expenditure in compliance with the relevant budgetary provisions of the 2020 budget. The Commissioner stated this during the State’s budget breakdown on Wednesday adding that it will serve as a feedback mechanism aimed at achieving the desired objectives of providing the dividends of democracy to the people of the State. The determination was expressed by the State Commissioner of Finance and Economic Development, Malam Muhammad Gambo Magaji who explained that the main thrust of the budget will be the provision of infrastructure which has 18.75 per cent and educational development which has 17.40 per cent of the entire budget. He added that the health sector will be having 9.90 per cent of the budget while the Agricultural sector will have 4.40 per cent of the 2020 budget. According to the Commissioner, Government will focus on the expansion of physical infrastructure to all locations of the State as well as deepening the education sector investment for overall quality access to primary, secondary and tertiary education. Wife of Gombe governor stresses on importance of girl-child… Gombe gov signs Bills to ensure transparency into law Oyetola signs 2020 budget into law, assures on full… Organised labour hails Gombe gov for settling backlog of… ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu says 2020 turning point for great things in Lagos Gambo Magaji also stated that the budget was planned in such a way that it will strengthen and reinvigorate investment in human capital development, deepening investment in rural and urban areas as well as creating functional social protection policy programmes for youths, women, physically challenged and the rural poor. He further said that the budget will also address, “strengthening development partnership and confidence building, functionalizing existing health care architecture, upgrading the critical ones for improved access and construction of new ones in critical locations as well as deliberate attention to human resources for health, equipment and drugs”. ” We will also solidify in the interest of the people in Agricultural production, create enabling environment for ease of doing business in the State to attract investors, tenacious revenue drive, zero tolerance to non-adherence to fiscal responsibility and management principles and strengthening the existing security architecture and promotion of peaceful coexistence “, he further assured. The State House of Assembly had late last year passed the sum of N130.83b as the State budget for 2020 which the Governor, Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya signed into law a few days after. It was made up of N71.04b for capital expenditure and N59.78b for recurrent expenditure. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE