Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has beseeched the Muslim Community to practice peace with colleagues practising other religions. Sanwo-Olu who was represented by the deputy governor, Dr Femi Hamzat made this plea during the 34th National Qu’ran Recitation Competition held on Saturday in Lagos. Sanwo-Olu noted that Islam is a religion of peace; hence, Muslims should infuse this virtue in their various lifestyles. “Islam is a religion of peace; so, we must practice peace with our colleagues in other religion even as we all know that brotherhood to humanity is what underlines the Quran. It is the Quran that teaches us the virtues of peace. So, hate is alien. “Quran teaches us the way to live our lives, but the question is are we infusing this into ourselves so that the country can live by it?” Sanwo-Olu queried. Meanwhile, the governor noted that the young ones should be made to realise there is a reward for diligence. “We are indeed very grateful to Almighty Allah for the competition because there was no problem, no calamity and accidents. “It is especially gratifying to see young Nigerians excel in the national competition of this nature. “It is important to note that this competition elevates our reckoning on the international level as the emerged winners will be meeting with others at the international stage. “We must let the young people understand that there is a reward for hard work and diligence; hence, the laudability of this event. ALSO READ: Kogi dep gov visits Tawari community, promises investigation into deadly attack “I learnt that people came across the whole country and we can all testify to the hospitality of Lagos state,” Sanwo-Olu added. Kogi dep gov visits Tawari community, promises investigation… Three kidnap victims regain freedom in Kogi Police exhume corpse of female LASU student allegedly killed… If politicians are not careful, they are the ones that will… Also speaking at the event, Gombe State Governor, Alhaji Inuwa Yahaya, noted the competition has spiritual, moral and intellectual benefits. While congratulating the winners of the competition, Yahaya said urged the participants not to consider the winning prizes as end in itself. He added that they should Imbibe the lessons learnt in the competition to guide accordingly. President, Muslim Community Of Lagos State, Professor Tgo Gbadamosi, said that the competition has been a bond of faith and the bond of country. Tgo said that the significance of the bonds cannot be overemphasized at a time like this when internal and external forces threaten to divide the country. Gbadamosi noted that the technical excellence in the recitation of the Holy Qur’an is only the first step in a staircase of three, adding that the second step is to understand and ponder over the meaning of the Qur’an. He said that learning and understanding the Qur’an should lead us to the third step-acting by the Qur’an, adding that the lasting impression the competition should leave on everyone is to imbibe the teachings of the Qur’an. The Chairman, Local Organising Committee, Abdulfatai Olukoga, noted that in all the 359, participants comprised 185 males and 174 females participated in the competition. He reiterated that the need to acquire a permanent physical structure for the Lagos state Qur’anic Memorisation Muslim Youth Organisation (NACOMYO). Umar Kabiru From Kaduna State emerged the winner of the competition in the Male Category while Biyahatu Sanni from Kano State emerged winner in the female category. Each of them was awarded a brand new Nissan car. Meanwhile, Governor Yahaya gave N500,000 each to the youngest participants in both male and female categories – Fatimah Yahaya (8 years old) and Abdullahi Saheed (6 years old from Oyo State). The National Qur’an Recitation Competition was introduced in Nigeria by the Centre for Islamic Studies, Usman Dan Fodiyo University in 1986. It is an annual programme that brings all Muslim youths who have committed the Qur’an to memory together from all states of the federation including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE