Governor Kayode Fayemi’s connection with international agencies and development partners has been identified as the secret behind the ongoing transformation of Ekiti State. The Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, said his boss has been able to use his global connection to cushion the effects of low allocations from the Federation Account and insufficient Internally Generated Revenue to execute projects and provide good governance. Egbeyemi made the revelation on Friday while making remarks at a special prayer session to usher in the New Year organised by the management of the Office of the Deputy Governor. According to a statement by his Special Assistant (Media), Odunayo Ogunmola, Egbeyemi said at the prayer that paying workers’ salaries and executing projects simultaneously amidst financial challenges are due to Fayemi’s untiring efforts to put smiles on the faces of the people. The Deputy Governor disclosed that Fayemi will flag off the construction of four major roads on January 13 to boost social and economic activities and reduce suffering being experienced by road users in the state. ALSO READ: Police arrest suspected herdsmen for highway robbery in Ekiti The roads, according to him, are Oye-Ikun-Otun, Aramoko-Erijiyan-Ikogosi, Agbado-Isinbode-Omuo and Ilupeju-Ire-Igbemo, which traverse the three senatorial districts of the state. According to him, the contractors and the bids have been verified with Governor Fayemi determined to spread developmental projects to every part of the state. Alleged herdsmen invasion: Avoid spreading fake news, Fayemi… Why we sacked our workers ―  EKSUTH Labour threatens to shut down EKSUTH over planned mass sack… Tension as Fulani herdsmen take over Ekiti community, hoist… Egbeyemi urged workers to be dedicated to their duties and support the government of the day with quality service delivery to contribute their quota to the development of the Land of Honour. The Governor, Egbeyemi added, always think outside the box to defeat financial challenges and make workers and the people of the state happy with regular payment of emoluments, empowerment initiatives, execution of life-changing projects and attracting investors. He also counselled them to be honest and avoid vices like hatred, truancy, eye service, absenteeism and gossip in the New Year assuring that government is committed to giving civil servants better welfare within the available resources. Egbeyemi appreciated workers for their efforts throughout 2019 which had assisted the state to move forward with quality service delivery He urged them to be patient with the administration saying efforts are in top gear to make life bearable for the people of the state. The event featured songs of praise, worship, prayers for peace and progress of Ekiti State, Nigeria, Governor Fayemi, his deputy, Egbeyemi, political office holders, civil servants and the entire people of the state. Responding on behalf of the staff, the Permanent Secretary, Office of the Deputy Governor, Engr Sunday Komolafe appreciated Otunba Egbeyemi for his care and show of love for workers. Komolafe pledged that Otunba Egbeyemi will continue to enjoy more support in his discharge of his duties as the number two citizen of the state. The Permanent Secretary commended the cordial relationship between the civil servants and political aides of the Deputy Governor. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE