Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court,Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State has dissolved the seven-year-old wedlock between a woman, Rukayat Adekunle and her husband, Kamorudun Adekunle. Rukayat who dragged her husband to court accused him of constant assault. She thus prayed the court to separate them before he snuffed life out of her. The plaintiff further pleaded for the custody of the two children produced by their union. Kamorudeen agreed to divorce when the claim was read to him. “My lord, I’m pleading with the court to put an end to the union between my husband and me, before he terminates my life. “Kamorudeen has no means of livelihood. All he does is to loaf around. “I bear the responsibility of caring for the family. I feed and clothe him and our children. But rather than being appreciative of all that I do, what he does is to beat me. He beats and leaves me with scars all over my body. “I have reported him to his parents on many occasions but rather than talk to him they took sides with him. Ibadan chief seeks constitutional roles for traditional… Police arrest 26 suspects in Benue during festive period —CP Oil Bunkering: Nigerian Navy hands over 57 Nigerians, 7… How Glory, 13yrs; Samuel, 8yrs and Darasimi, 3yrs died in… “My lord, he lied to his parents that I stabbed him. I only bit his ear when he locked the door behind me and almost snuffed life out of me with his beatings. “My husband moves with bad gangs and he’s always getting into trouble. He once ran into problem with the police and was locked up in a cell for days. I ran from pillar to post to get his bail. “My lord, he beat me to a pulp after he was released. His parents also accused me of being the culprit behind his arrest and thus made life hellish for me. “My parents waded into our differences and requested for a peace talk. They sought for my husband’s parents’ audience but they ignored my parents,” the plaintiff told the court. “My lord, I also agree that you end my marriage to my wife today,” Kamorudeen said. “Rukayat behaves like a wild animal. She calls me unprintable names and sometimes fights and hits me with dangerous objects. “It’s true I’m not gainfully employed. She also didn’t lie that I was remanded in police custody, but that doesn’t make me an irresponsible person. “She lied that I assault her. I’m a gentleman and therefore can’t hurt a fly,” he told the court. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE