Two unemployed men, Sarafa Jinadu, 37, and Lukman Ogunshola, 38, on Thursday, appeared before an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court, accused of robbing a woman of N52,000 and a N4,000 Nokia phone. The duo, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges of conspiracy, robbery and stealing. The Prosecutor, Inspector Adegoke Philip, said that the defendants committed the offences on October 20, 2019, at Bariga, Lagos. He said that the defendants armed with knives robbed Mrs Esther Peter of her valuables. Philip said that the defendants gained entry into the complainant’s apartment at night through the window. “The defendants damaged the burglary on the window of the complaint’s room to gain entry. ALSO READ: Man bags 10 years jail for burglary in Ekiti “They pointed knives at the complainant, demanding for her phone and cash and threatening to stab her to death If she refused to comply,’’ he said. Appointment of caretaker committees in Oyo: The court and… Teenager docked for alleged phone theft in examination hall Court denies Orji Kalu bail pending appeal Fake Nestle staff docked for allegedly obtaining bank loan… Philip said that the armed men dispossessed Peter of her Nokia phone and N52,000. The prosecutor said that the defendants were however eventually arrested. The offences, he said, violate sections 287 and 296 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that section 287 prescribes three years’ imprisonment for stealing, while section 296 attracts 21 years for robbery. The Magistrate, Mrs O. A Akokhia, admitted the defendants to bail of N100,000 each with two sureties each in like sum. Akokhia said that all the sureties should be gainfully employed and show evidence of two years tax payment to the Lagos State Government(LASG). The case was adjourned to January 23. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.