A total of 79 officers of the Zone RS12.1 Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) who were recently promoted to their various next ranks have been decorated with their new ranks with a charge on them to put in more efforts towards reducing road crashes in the state. While performing the decoration with support from other top-ranking officers from the Zone on Thursday, the Zonal Commanding Officer of the FRSC, Zone 12, Assistant Corps Marshall, Imoh Etuk, said that the call was necessary in view of the high cases of accidents in the state in the past few months. He attributed these accidents mostly to night travels by motorists saying that if drivers heed to the advice not to travel at night, most crashes would not occur advising that proper journey management should be done to avoid nights travels. He further said that the FRSC is worried about these crashes pointing out that aggressive campaign is being done to reduce these crashes to the barest minimum. Imoh Etuk also said that: “Along the Bauchi axis, the high rates of accidents are as a result of night travels, although people have the fundamental human rights to travel at any time of the day, we are urging them that night travels should be restricted because of the obvious risks.” ALSO READ: Court remands 3 for kidnapping in Ebonyi “You cannot compare the rescue of the daytime and the night because of the nature of our roads, the security challenges and the most important thing that these drivers are always fatigued when the drive at night. We urge them to do proper journey management so that they don’t have to travel at night,” he added. “The corps generally is worried and we are doing more public enlightenment, more education and we are ensuring that our men are deployed to traffic calming,” he said. Ooni to celebrate 100 exceptional young Nigerians Ultimate Love reality TV show premieres February 9 on DStv,… Awolowo, Fela’s statues not destroyed ― Lagos govt FAAC shares N716.298bn for December 2019 to FG, States, LGs He also warned the FRSC officers and men to desist from extorting members of the public saying that “there is no organisation that does not have bad eggs and we have our internal mechanisms to deal with those bad eggs and we’ll keep dealing with them.” The FRSC boss urged members of the public that, “they should not offer any form of gratification to any of our men because they are not supposed to collect bribes. And it’s two-way traffic, both the giver and the receiver are guilty, so both of them will be prosecuted.” He said that the corp will not rest on its oars but will ensure that underaged drivers are rid out of the highways through the enforcement of drivers license. According to him: “We will continue to ensure that we do the enforcement so that only licensed drivers from the age of 18 and above are the ones driving on our highways and those using fake licences, we know what to do with them.” He charged motorists to drive carefully especially during the harmattan and son ensure that their vehicles are in good conditions before embarking on any journey “don’t  involve yourself is speeding or drug-related offences.” Imoh Etuk also said that the 2018 promotion of the Officers were based on merit pointing out that “they are being rewarded for their excellence and their commitment to duty. We acknowledge that even though promotion is from God, these people have been selfless and hardworking over the years.” He added that: “We are rewarding them for greater dedication, greater hard work and greater commitment to the ideals of the corp, yo ensure that the Corp’s corporate objective is fulfilled from time to time. It is an honour for them, for their families and even for the corp for rewarding excellence. We rejoice with them and urge them to be greater patriots to rededicate themselves to the issue of safety because it is a collective responsibility to the ranks, the higher ranks, that impetus to ensure that all is well on our highways. For those who did not benefit, they should try harder this year and they will be promoted.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE