The Nigerian Association of Liquefied Petroleum Gas Marketers (NALPGAM) has called for regulation of filling and retailing of industrial gases in the country. This followed the recent gas explosion in Sabon Tasha area of Kaduna State. Its Executive Secretary, Mr Bassey Essien, who made the call in a statement issued on Tuesday in Lagos, commiserated with the families of those who lost their lives in the Jan 4 incident. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Chairman, Nigeria Atomic Energy Commission, Prof. Simon Mallam, and his son, as well as three others, were killed in the explosion. Essien faulted claims that the explosion occurred at an LPG (cooking gas) retailing facility, noting that the cylinders involved contained acetylene gas used for industrial purposes by welders and other artisans. He said: “The operations of cooking gas filling plants are highly regulated and monitored by the statutory government agencies. ALSO READ: Blackout in Osun as NUEE shuts down transmission facility of TCN “Members of NALPGAM, an association of all LPG marketing companies in the country, duly licensed by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), also have put in place measures to self regulate members. DPR seals nine filling stations in Sokoto Buhari salutes oil, gas investor, Ikpea at 63 Ogun: We’ve shut down over 250 illegal gas outlets in… Construction of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano gas pipeline begins… “This is to ensure that the industry operates within the prescribed safety standards and procedures. “Just as the DPR monitors and regulates the LPG filling plants, same should be extended to other inflammable products too such as acetylene and other industrial gases. “The safety of lives and properties of Nigerians are very dear to us. Filling and retailing of industrial gases have to be stoutly monitored.” According to him, a similar incident occurred in 2017 at Badagry area in Lagos, where an explosion in a shop where acetylene gas cylinders were stored and refilled recorded high fatalities. He said: “Regulators should beam attention on the activities of practitioners dealing in acetylene and other industrial gases so as to check these recurrent incidences. “Failure to do this and the frequent misrepresentation in the media attributing acetylene explosions to cooking gas will erode consumers confidence in the use of LPG and heighten the fear factor that cooking gas usage is unsafe.” Bassey also emphasised that NALPGAM does not encourage refilling of gas cylinders in shops except at licensed LPG plants and would continue to play a positive role in deepening gas penetration in the country. (NAN) STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE