The Rector, of the Federal Polytechnic Bida, Niger State, Dr Abubakar Abdul Dzukogi, has on the New Year day felicitated staff and students of the polytechnic, as they celebrate New Year. This was contained in his New Year message, issued and made available to Journalists on Wednesday in Minna, the state capital by the Rector’s, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Communications, Abdulkadir Abdullahi Yahaya. The release, however, applauded Nigerians from all walks of life, over their steadfastness and perseverance in pursuit of lawful daily activities, in spite of life challenges, saying “that concerted efforts should be made by well-meaning Nigerians to support President Muhammadu Buhari to deliver dividends of democracy to Nigerians in the year 2020 and beyond.” He said: “Let the new year enable us to be more productive, resilient and committed to our lawful duties in a bid to move our nation forward. This is even as we hope for many more opportunities for greater successes in our various areas of endeavours.” Most bizarre act of 2019: Killing of Favour Daley-Oladele African giant, Burna Boy:  Entertainment personality of 2019 Trade union lauds Ganduje over minimum wage implementation Anthony Joshua: Meet the comeback kid ALSO READ: NNPC posts ₦13.23bn trading surplus in October Dr Dzukogi, also seized the occasion to express gratitude to students, staff and parents, for their patience throughout the period of the lingering strike action by the Academic Staff Union of the Polytechnics,( ASUP) Bida Chapter in the institution. He advised Nigerians to be their brothers’ keepers as well as exhibiting the virtues of tolerance, hard work, and steadfastness for the greater prosperity of the nation and humanity as a whole. The Rector, also said on the occasion of the New year that: “staff and students should refrain from all anti-social acts and be law-abiding citizens of the country” adding, that all stakeholders must come together to enthrone a culture of tranquillity and justice where peace reigns supreme for collective development of Nigeria and the world at large. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.