A middle-aged primary school teacher in Bauchi, Haruna Aliyu, has run himself into trouble for an alleged homosexual offence which he is presently standing trial for before a Chief Magistrate Court 10. When he was brought before the Chief Magistrate Court 10 presided over by Chief Magistrate Abdulmumini Adamu, the primary school teacher, 45 years old Haruna Aliyu was accused of having carnal intercourse with one of his primary school pupils (names withheld for security reasons) aged eight years. Haruna Aliyu was accused of luring the 8 years old pupil into his one-room apartment with N10 money every Friday to engage in sodomy with him a nefarious event that was brought to the limelight following the pupil’s sickness as a result of excreting maggots from his anus. The Chief Magistrate Court at its sitting last Wednesday ordered for the remand of the accused at the Bauchi Correctional Centre until the next adjourned date fixed for February 5, 2020, for hearing of the criminal case in order to allow for the prosecuting Police Officer to further investigate the matter and produce witnesses to prove the case. The Prosecuting Police Officer, Inspector Yusuf Usman had told the Court that on the 6th of December 2019, one Honourable Altine Ladan of Ganjuwa Quarters in Bauchi metropolis lodged a complaint at the Police Station accusing Haruna Aliyu, 45 of the same address of coercing his son who is eight years old into sodomy by taking the victim to his one-room where he perpetrated the act with the boy. Haruna Alyu was accused of severally having a homosexual relationship with the victim just as the prosecuting Counsel telling the court that the offence was contrary to section 284 of the Penal Code as related to homosexuality and lesbianism. ALSO READ: Resident doctors protest, embark on strike in Ondo over unpaid salaries Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed suspends Ningi council chair Acute Malnutrition: Group raises alarm as Bauchi runs out of… ASHH Foundation partners donor agencies in Bauchi Bauchi SDGs to consider stakeholders in implementation of… The offence was read to the hearing of the accused, Haruna Aliyu who responded that he heard and understood the charge against him but pleaded not guilty of the charges read out to him. It was at this stage that the prosecuting counsel asked the court to grant him time to further investigate the matter for proper presentation of the case which the presiding magistrate granted and fixed 5th February 2020 for the continuation of hearing of the case. Barrister Haruna Muh’d Muezzudden who was at the court during the arraignment of the accused to observe the proceeding, said that the Police are investigating the matter, expressing confidence that the court will be just on the case and assured that he will continue observing the case to its logical conclusion. When our reporter sought the opinion of the father of the victim, Hon. Altine Ladan shortly after the court proceedings, he said that “I was at the court to observe how the judge of the court will adjudge the matter saying that Haruna Aliyu as a teacher at a public school at Unguwar Barno Quarters in Bauchi is a letdown. ALSO READ: NCAC land dispute: Runsewe gives reasons for travails, says he remains resolute A visibly angry Altine Ladan alleged that “He used to lure pupils of the primary school into homosexuality in his one room. For the past one to two months, my son has been complaining of stomach ache, we took him to a nearby health facility, thereafter the boy started complaining of anus pains, a situation which made us understand that he has been excreting maggot from his anus, we, therefore, asked him what happened to him”. The father of the victim added that “when the pressure was too much for him to bear, he confessed to us what happened to him and we immediately reported the matter to the Police. The Police swung into action and set Haruna Aliyu up with the boy last Friday and he fell into the trap as he was caught pants down with my son in his room ready to do it again “. Altine Ladan added that though his son is responding to treatment and getting better, ” all I am asking for is for justice to be done, the accused should be sent to prison in order to protect innocent children around him”. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE