Sokoto State student leaders have commended the state governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, for the timely payment of their tuition and registration fees. The immediate past president of the state students Association in Sudan, Abdulmumini Tambari, and the incumbent President of Law student, Salmanu Abubakar Jabo, stated this in Sokoto. The duo spoke when they led their members on a thank you visit to the Executive Chairman, Sokoto state scholarship board, Alhaji Altine Shehu Kajiji in his office on Thursday. Salmanu Abubakar Jabo, who thanked the governor for the timely release of the sum of N21million as registration fees and allowances for 42 law students of the state to various Law schools across the country, saying even before the commencement of the academic programme slated for ending of January. ALSO READ: Progressives, Northern Governors’ Forums pay condolence visit to Kogi governor’s mother Jabo further said the state government had earmarked the sum of another N39 million in sponsoring other sets of 80 indigenous lawyers to the Law schools in the country in 2019 academic year, a gesture which he described as commendable worthy of appreciation by all patriotic people of the state. DPR shutdowns 7 illegal LPG retailers’ shops in Sokoto… Tambuwal appoints aide, Danko, 3 others as permanent… Tambuwal urges NASS to pass Legion Establishment Bill Tambuwal calls for calm over Supreme Court adjournment of… Also speaking, Tambari who was among the 37 medical doctors and paramedics trained in Sudan by the state government, reiterate their collective desire to contribute towards the development of the health sector in the state. According to the statement signed and released to journalists by the public relations officer of the board, Isah Abubakar Shuni, he further expressed appreciation to Tambuwal for shouldering their educational responsibilities. Responding, the Executive Chairman, Kajiji said, the state government had so far spent billions of Naira on the payment of scholarship allowances and students tuition and registration fees for both international and domestic students since the inception of the Tambuwal led administration. He congratulated the 37 medical students for the successful completion of their courses in Sudan. Kajiji, therefore, admonished all the state-sponsored students to remain grateful and patient as the government was committed to their plight. He further appealed to them to redouble their effort in their studies in order to justify the state government huge investment on them and be ready to serve the state after their graduation. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE