Management of Bauchi State College of Nursing and Midwifery has reassured of its total commitment and support to the administration of governor Bala Mohammed for effective implementation of his policies in the health sector. The reassurance was made by the Provost of the College, Hajiya Rakiya Saleh while receiving the Ambassadorial award as Icon of Educational Development given to her by Kaura Youth Vanguard in her office saying that the College deemed it necessary to support the ideals of the present administration considering the fatherly support been rendered to it by the governor since assumption of office. She further said that although, the College required further interventions from the government and other critical stakeholders in view of the increased index capacity of students and commencement of community Midwifery Program as approved by the regulatory body. ALSO READ: Ganduje distributes instructional materials worth N150 million to primary schools Rakiya Saleh also pointed out that, the commencement of the 2 years Community Midwifery Program will no doubt strengthen Primary Health Care Services and assist in reducing maternal and infant mortality and morbidity caused due to the shortage of midwives at the grassroots. The Provost also assured Governor Bala Mohammed that the management will ensure that the college achieves its mission of being a leading training institution that commits to engaging its staff and students in teaching, learning and research opportunities to produce competent nurses and midwives that will deliver quality services in line with global initiative. Bauchi governor suspends another council chairman,… How primary school teacher defiled 8 years old boy in Bauchi Bauchi gov, Bala Mohammed suspends Ningi council chair Acute Malnutrition: Group raises alarm as Bauchi runs out of… While expressing appreciation to members of the Kaura Youth Vanguard for finding her worthy for the award, said the unsolicited gesture will ginger her to do more for humanity. ALSO READ: One collapses, as fire razes Onitsha spare parts market She said, “My appreciation to His Excellency, on behalf of the college for the fatherly support been rendering to the college since assumption of office. I assure you though the Vanguard of our total commitment and support to the ideals of this administration.” Rakiya Saleh, however, applauded the group for selecting the institution that deals with human life directly which is symbolic and craves their indulgence to assist in creating awareness to the public on the uniqueness of the institution in terms of admission process, requirements and the criteria to proceed with the training. The Provost used the medium to express gratitude to the entire management and members staff of the college for their maximum support and cooperation and therefore dedicated the award to all of them. Earlier, the coordinator of the Vanguard, Mr Godiya T Adams said the award presented to the provost was in recognition of her outstanding contributions towards youth and women development. The organization in addition to the ambassadorial award presented to the provost of the college also appointed her as matron of the vanguard. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE