CHIEF executive officers of basic and secondary education in the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory, as well as representatives of examination bodies, have met in Delta State to harmonize the standard of Basic Education Certificate Examination. While speaking at the opening of the event, the permanent secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, Mr Sonny Echono, stated that the Federal Government is paying serious attention to education and making policies to improve its delivery. He said though the challenges confronting the sector are enormous, government would not rest on its oars in ensuring quality in the educational system. The director, Basic and Secondary Education Department of the Federal Ministry of Education, Hajiya Abdulkadir, disclosed in her welcome address that the meeting was to review the procedure and standard for the conduct of BECE, harmonize and standardize it in order to align it with the guidelines for the Basic Education Certificate Examination. How to make local rice attractive to Nigerians ― farmers… Senate committee screens nominee for CBN deputy governor Kwara Assembly passes N162.4bn 2020 budget Archbishop Kaigama tasks FG on peace, security in the… In a welcome address, the Delta State Commissioner for Basic Education, Chief Patrick Ukah, commended the Federal Ministry of Education, especially the Department of Basic and Secondary Education, for convening the meeting annually, which he said helps delegates and participants to share relevant information and experiences on best practices in respect of planning and conduct of the BECE in their respective states. Ukah affirmed that in an attempt to improve the teaching and learning environment in its schools, the Delta State government had over the years embarked on several projects and activities, including massive upgrading of facilities in schools, payment of cognitive/placement examination and BECE enrolment fees for candidates in public primary and secondary schools, as well as printing and distribution of uniform scheme of work to all schools in the state. He said the state had also established electronic library in some of the schools, embarked on distribution of the curriculum for entreprenuership education to all secondary schools as received from the Federal Ministry of Education, with a view to inculcating entrepreneural skills in learners and reduce the level of unemployment in the nation. He urged stakeholders to brainstorm on issues with a view to appraise students’ performances and proffer appropriate recommendations that would enhance more credible and improved conduct of the BECE nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.