The Managing Director and Editor in Chief of the African Newspapers of Nigeria Plc, Mr Edward Dickson, on behalf of the management and board of the company has lauded the commitment of the Ijebu Muslim College Old Students’ Association (IMCOSA), in contributing to the growth of education in the state and country at large. Dickson made this recommendation when he received the IMCOSA team who was on a media tour as part of the activities marking the 70th anniversary of the college; just as he described the tenacity of the association as a wakeup call to the state government and other old students association in giving back to their Alma-Mata. “The institution has every reason to celebrate as a result of the fact that it is still standing tall with its legacy against all odds in the last seven decades. I want to sincerely commend the team for its efforts in promoting religious harmony, which is one of the main goals in promoting unity through education, especially among the younger generation. “We are delighted to associate with this institution and we congratulate the college on its 70th anniversary. Your contribution towards the growth of education in the state is a welcomed development as it will enhance sane society and resourceful generation. We promise to support the association with necessary publicity to foster your vision,” he added. ALSO READ: Gunmen kidnap former DSS boss in Benue Democracy: Nigeria has made substantial progress in 20 years… Kwara: Creating environment to discourage irregular… Nine burnt to death in Ogun bus accident South-East govs appeal for speedy rehabilitation of Enugu… Speaking on behalf of the team, Head of anniversary publicity, Major General (rtd), Biodun Role, acknowledged the support of the Tribune management towards the success of the anniversary. Other members of the team on the courtesy visit include former publicity secretary of the Old Students’ Association, Alhaji Obafemi Akinsanya; Ex-officio, Mr Kolawole Adekoya; Member national, Mr Dipo Onabanjo. The role also noted that despite the immense contributions of the association in the sustainability of the school’s legacy, the association is committed to staging a memorable event for the celebration Ijebu Muslim College 70th anniversary. He noted that one of the highpoints of the anniversary would be the anniversary lecture by the Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Professor Is-Haq Oloyede, who will deliver a paper on “Investing in Education to Secure the Future for our Children, while the Catholic Archbishop Emeritus of Ibadan, Most Reverend Felix Alaba Job, would be the chairman on the occasion. “The school will host the Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, at the grand finale of the anniversary, where outstanding old students will be inducted into the College’s Hall of Fame. Some projects executed by various sets of IMCOSA will be inaugurated,” he added. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE