Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, has called on the main opposition party in the state, All Progressive Congress (APC), to be more constructive in their criticism of his administration. He reaffirmed that his administration did not only implement the 2019 budget optimally but also in accordance with the available resources. The governor stated this through the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Hon. Isah Bajini, in his reaction to the criticism of his achievement by the APC on Monday. It would be recalled that the state chapter of the APC had in a press briefing by its Chairman, Hon. Isa Sadiq Acida, berated the PDP led administration of failure to fully implement the 2019 budget. He condemned the government, saying most capital projects awarded by the administration were either yet to be completed or has nothing to show for it. In his reaction, Hon. Bajini admonished the leadership of the APC in the state to be more constructive in their criticisms of the administration. ALSO READ: Resumption: Ekiti govt charges teachers to be more committed to duties BREAKING: Sokoto lawmaker dies at 55 Bishop Kukah celebrates Christmas with Sokoto Inmates Ministry to build district head houses, renovates schools in… Tambuwal tasks NYSC members to initiate viable projects He maintained that budget is a projection of what the state intends to achieve in a given period of time depending on the available resources. He said: “It appears that in spite of being in control of government for a long time in the state the APC leadership does not seem to comprehend what the concept of budget connotes. “Budgets are basically expectations and intentions which do not usually translate into 100% reality. Therefore, the list of approved projects by the Executive Council is only achievable with the corresponding availability of funds. “Nonetheless, if the APC had checked well it would have known that the state assembly in which it has majority has confirmed that the administration of Gov. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal had performed creditably well in its execution of the 2019 budget, which it erroneously lampooned before you gentlemen yesterday. “You would recall that at the signing of the2020 budget on December 27, 2019, the Speaker of the Sokoto State House of Assembly, Rt Hon. Aminu Muhammad Achida, himself a staunch APC member, affirmed that the assembly is aware of the achievements of the administration despite financial constraints.” “He also indicated, in contradiction of his party’s current claim that the implementation of the 2019 budget has recorded a lot in the areas of education, health and rural development as well as many others. “Also, rising above partisan consideration and political chicanery, the Speaker assured the PDP-led administration that the assembly will continue to accelerate the passage of any bill that is meant to improve the lots of the people of the state.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE