Sokoto state governor, Rt. Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal’s has reiterated his administration commitment to the completion of all the ongoing projects inherited from Attahiru Bafarawa and Aliyu Magatakarda Administrations. Governor Tambuwal disclosed this while briefing newsmen shortly after he paid an unscheduled inspection visit to the site of the ongoing construction of Isa Division of High Court of Justice complex awarded in 2006. Tambuwal said that it is the cardinal policy of his administration to complete ongoing inherited projects since large sums of monies have been injected on such projects He, therefore, explained that after reviewing the contracts for the construction of three Zonal Divisions of High Court of Justice awarded by the Bafarawa Administration at Isa, Gwadabawa and Tambuwal, the state government decided to complete all of them. He disclosed that the sum of 226million Naira would be expended on each of the three projects. Be constructive in your criticism, Tambuwal tells Sokoto APC BREAKING: Sokoto lawmaker dies at 55 Bishop Kukah celebrates Christmas with Sokoto Inmates Ministry to build district head houses, renovates schools in… ALSO READ: APC assures Ogun people more dividends of democracy Tambuwal expressed satisfaction with the level and quality of the project, saying that High Court complex in Sokoto is also being renovated and upgraded by the state government adding that the Sum of 525million Naira would be expended on the project. He further said that the decision to upgrade the complex is to improve the quality of Justice in the state, stressing that completion of ongoing inherited projects should not be politicised. The Governor revealed that in consideration of the importance of the ongoing inherited projects to the benefitting communities, his administration decided to complete the state Independent Power Project (IPP), kalambaina and Gidan Salanke housing estates, as well as college of Agriculture Wurno and college of legal studies Wamakko. Tambuwal further disclosed that his administration has also completed inherited water schemes at Asari, Gagi, Runjin Sambo among others. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE