As the spate of insecurity in the country continues to rage, the Federal Government has been charged to be more proactive in the protection of the citizens The charge was given by the Catholic Archbishop of Abuja Archdiocese, Ignatius Kaigama, who tasked the citizens to expose evildoers in their midst to curtail the wanton destruction of lives and property so as to bring to an end the violence that has permeated the nation especially the Northern part of Nigeria. Archbishop Ignatius Kaigama reiterated this during his homily at the commemoration of the silver jubilee celebration of Jos Ecclesiastical province held at St John’s Cathedral Bauchi Wednesday. He decried that the province comprising of dioceses in plateau and north-eastern states, despite being the worse hit with religious and ethnic clashes, is still standing strong and growing from strength to strength. He urged the lay faithful to stand firm in the face of adversity and be ready to be true Christians and shun acts that will be detrimental to their Faith. He called on Christians and Muslims to exhibit love that has no boundary as the nation is in dire need of peace. Ignatius Kaigama said, “Let us pray for a stop to the violence. We pray that the violence will stop in the name of Jesus. We pray for the conversion of hearts. We pray for repentance on the part of those causing this havoc, the destruction of lives and property”. CP warns intending criminals to relocate from Abuja or get… Develop your land or risk revocation, FCTA warns allottees Over N21m goods destroyed as fire razes market in Abuja State governors meet in Abuja ALSO READ: Buhari meets Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, in London “What is the meaning of all that? Is so sad. Our security agents must do more, our government must take the war to the criminals or those who say they are killing in the name of God”, he added. He retorted, “How can you meet people and spray them bullets and say you are making God happy, who told you God needs to be happy? He is happy himself”. The Archbishop also said that “We hope the government will take their responsibility seriously, the soldiers and other security agents need to be more involved, more serious. You don’t blame them also because the fanatics also kill them. When Soldiers are killed in battle, they are not treated well. I know that because I have people, friends and relatives who have died”. “Soldiers are treated shabbily even in death, and worse, their families are not remembered. The government should do something apart from protecting us, they should ensure that they have adequate security and those who sacrifice their life, should be adequately protected”, he said. The Clergy further said that “We need to pray that the violence will reduce and if violence will reduce in Nigeria, we must exhibit a love that has no boundary, we must love one another irrespective of religious ethnic or political difference. We need peace in Nigeria”, He continued that, We need violence to stop and we must all do this together. We must expose evildoers and not hide them in the name of being members of the same tribe, religion, or political association. Having come this far our Christianity must mature so that we can attract more mercies of God”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.