The newly elected chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party Governors Forum (PDPGF), Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state, has conceded that there are issues among some governors elected under the party. But he has stated his intention to reconcile the state chief executives as he noted that the issues are not beyond what could be tackled. Tambuwal spoke in Abuja yesterday as he introduced himself to journalists in his new capacity as the new PDPGF’s boss, seeking support to make his assignment a success. “There are issues here and there but they are not beyond us and we shall reconcile those who are having some issues with one another and also ensure that our party is firmly positioned for the challenges ahead,” he said. The Sokoto Governor said he was committed to using the forum to foster unity and repositioning the main opposition party and therefore appealed for support and cooperation. He said: “I am here first and foremost to present myself to you and request for your support and cooperation in the task ahead which is continuing to work with the National Working Committee and other organs of the party, for us to strengthen the party and to continue to build our democratic culture and build rule of law and constitutionalism in our country. “We are appealing for your support and we know that you are a very important partner in this national assignment. “And of course in foisting of peace among governors and indeed the entire party, I assure you that we are going to use this platform to bring everybody on board.” ALSO READ: Nigeria to begin rice exportation in 2 years ― Minister He revealed that he would work to bring back major stakeholders of the party who might have been shying away from its activities. PDP govs storm NEC meeting in Abuja Imo guber judgement: PDP calls for protest in Abuja Monday Tambuwal gives stern warning against harassment, killing of… Wamakko, Ahmed Aliyu deny calling Governor Tambuwal “We will bring former governors, former Ministers that served in the party. They are very resourceful, they are our leader and they have a lot to contribute to the development of the party and our country. “So, we shall relate more closely with them towards rebuilding the party and of course, deepening our democracy in Nigeria,” Tambuwal declared. On the Imo state gubernatorial position, that the Supreme Court recently awarded to the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), Tambuwal was hopeful that the apex court would review and reverse itself by restoring the former governor, Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, to office. He further said: “Of course, I can confirm to you that Rt. Hon Emeka Ihedioha is re-approaching the Supreme Court for a review of the last judgement on Imo election and we are all ready to support him and back him as a party and as a Forum. “We are very sure that by the time the Supreme Court really takes a second look at the matter, there may be some change in its position. “So, we are praying hard, we are working hard to get what has not been properly delivered in terms of justice in that matter and that it is addressed.” On security, the PDPGF boss said the PDP governors were working with the federal government to achieve peace and stability in the country. He noted: “Well, I can assure you that all of us in the PDP will continue to work on the issue of insecurity. We don’t play politics with security. There is no party when you come to talk about security. It is every body’s concern, all of us are really involved in it. “We will be supportive of security agencies in our respective states in ensuring that we achieve everlasting peace and stability in our respective states and the entire federation. “So, we will continue in that regard and we will continue to cooperate with the federal government to come up with new ideas, a new approach, especially when you talk about deploying technology and bringing more capable hands to ensure that we reverse the trend.” Tambuwal was chosen in a unanimous decision by the 88th National Executive Committee (NEC) of the PDP to replace Governor Seriake Dickson who leaves office next month after serving two tenures of four years each in office. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE