Rice farmers in Nigeria are bracing up for the dry season farming as the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is set to mobilise one million rice farmers for the 2019/2020 dry season farming, under its Anchor Borrowers’ Programme (ABP). National President of the Rice Farmers Association of Nigeria (RIFAN), Alhaji Aminu Goronyo who revealed this to newsmen, said that arrangements have been concluded to see to the mobilisation of the farmers nationwide. In his remarks, “The major preparation that we started is that the CBN invited RIFAN last week; met with us and gave us the nod to quickly identify the participating farmers and also gave us the go-ahead to do everything possible to achieve more production in the dry season that is already in place.” According to Goronyo, the CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele had given the go-ahead to consider at least one million farmers for the dry season farmer, which by extension could produce five million metric tons of rice. The RIFAN President also debunked claims that the farmers could encounter problems as regards to the availability of quality seeds and fertilisers, stating that there were more than enough fertilisers and seeds in all the production areas. Don urges young scientists to focus more on genetics… BREAKING: Buhari, Tinubu meet in Aso Rock Unregistered motorcycles, our greatest challenge, says… NAFDAC mulls recruitment, says agency understaffed ― DG Goronyo further revealed that the association has signed an MoU with the Cross River State Government on the provision of seedlings. “In Cross River, we have signed an MoU to work with Governor Ayade who has a seedling factory that has enough to cater for all the farmers that are going to transplant during the cultivation period. So we don’t have a problem with fertiliser and seed.” He also stated that the CBN has provided the necessary support, especially in those two areas, adding that there are major companies that supply agrochemicals for the control of weeds and herbicides. In line with the directive, Goronyo disclosed that he has begun a tour of the rice-producing states across the country, to motivate and mobilise farmers to meet the five million tons target. “I’m on a tour of all the producing states. I started touring Sokoto, Kebbi, and will be going to Zamfara, Taraba, Cross River, Ogun, Ekiti, Ebony and Anambra, virtually all the producing states.” He further advised farmers to give rapt attention to their agribusinesses, adding that the border closure is a big opportunity for farmers to capitalise on and harness for effective production of rice, and to ensure there are enough paddies for millers across the country. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE