Kwara State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has said that it is investigating a list of 27 Nigerian ladies who travelled to Lebanon in search of employment. Commandant of the NSCDC, Bello Ale, said on Tuesday in Ilorin while handing over Ms Gloria Taye Bright, who was repatriated to Nigeria from Lebanon in the early hours of Tuesday to the President of Eruku Progressive Union, Mr Shola Daniels. The civil defence boss, who said that the repatriation of Gloria was one of the successes recorded by the security agency in its investigation of alleged slavery that Nigerian women were being subjected to in Lebanon, adding that repatriation was achieved through Nigeria Diaspora Commission and an NGO, Phemnick Life Support. The commandant said that list of 27 women in Lebanon were revealed in a document retrieved from the three suspects arrested in connection with the alleged inhuman treatment of some Nigerian women who travelled to Lebanon including Ms Omolola Ajayi and Ms Gloria Taye Bright whose videos of being subjected to human slavery went viral in the country. Ale said that the NSCDC was happy on the success made, stating that “without the discovery and repatriation of Gloria, we would not have discovered where Omolola Ajayi was adding that the arrest of the three suspects and the recovery of the documents containing the list of the 27 women who travelled to Lebanon through their agency exposed a lot about the deal.” ALSO READ: I joined APC to add value to Abiodun’s govt ― Isiaka Senate President congratulates APC, Imo Governor-elect Amotekun: We will respond appropriately to FG’s… Court slates Jan 23 to rule on Maina’s application for… UPDATE: Supreme Court sacks Ihedioha as Imo governor, orders… He said that the three suspects arrested included a Lebanese, Wasit Muhammad, 63 years; Adetunji Sanusi, 33-year old lawyer; Tunde Awwal, 27 years, adding that the NSCDC was still searching for another member of the gang identified as Joseph, who is presently at large. 33-year-old Gloria who said that she travelled to Lebanon in October 2019 stated that she was recruited in Ilorin, Kwara State to work as an English teacher in Lebanon on a monthly salary of $1,000. Gloria, who hailed from Eruku in Ekiti local government area of Kwara State said that her job was changed to house help when she got to Lebanon, saying that she performed all sorts of the menial job for her master. A holder of National Diploma (ND) in Accounting said: “There is no job in Lebanon and there is no Dollar in that country but they tricked us to the place and made us believe that there is work there.” She advised Nigerian women to beware of the travelling agents who lied to them that there are jobs in foreign countries. National President of Eruku Progressive Union, Mr Shola Daniels, expressed gratitude to the NSCDC and other security agencies that worked for the location of Gloria and the NGO as well as the Federal Government that made the repatriation possible. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE