Kaduna State Deputy Governor, Dr Hadiza Sabuwa Balarabe, on Sunday visited the scene of the Saturday gas explosion in Sabon Tasha area of the state which killed six persons including Prof. Simon P. Mallam, Chairman of Nigeria Atomic Energy Commission (NAEC). The deputy governor in the company of Commissioner Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, and other government officials also visited victims at General hospital, Sabon Tasha, St.Gerald hospital and Barau Dikko Teaching hospital within Kaduna metropolis. It was gathered some of the injured persons have been treated and discharged since yesterday. The deputy governor also paid a condolence visit to the family of late Prof. Simon P. Mallam, at his Gonin Gora residence where she said the country has lost an intellectual giant. “He was an authority in nuclear sciences whose intellectual prowess was on the pact of launching the country to nuclear power.” She prayed for the repose of the soul of the late Professor and all persons who lost their lives in the incidence and urged the family to accept the death of their father as the will of God. UPDATE: One dead, three injured as fire razes Akesan market We’ll justify confidence Lagosians reposed in us,… MASSOB, OPC, MEND, MBF, others not enemies of Nigeria ―… Buhari mourns gas explosion victim, Prof Mallam ALSO READ: UPDATE: One dead, three injured as fire razes Akesan market Speaking with journalists after her visit, the deputy governor expressed sadness over the incidence and prayed for the quick recovery of those injured. The deputy governor stressed the need for businessmen to always adhere to government regulations in siting business, saying there are designated business areas set aside by the government. “We are sad over this unfortunate incident. We pray for the repose of those who lost their lives. We advise residents to adhere strictly to the government’s policy when opening business.” She added that Kaduna State will be tough in enforcing safety regulations to protect the lives of its citizens, calling on residents of the state to report to authorities any person who situate life-threatening businesses such as gas plants in residential areas to avoid future occurrence. The deputy governor, however, commended the security and safety agencies for the teamwork which saved human lives and other neighbouring buildings. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE