The Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Muhammadu Maigari Dingyadi, has said there are more gains than pains, sequel to the closure of Nigeria’s borders. Dingyadi said this when he addressed newsmen at the weekend in Sokoto shortly after the successful conduct of the wedding of his three sons. The minister reeled out some of the tangible gains of the border closure to include the drastic changes of the hitherto cross the border and intra-country formidable security challenges. He averred: “The recent border closure has reduced so many security challenges that had hitherto seemingly defied all solutions. “Many of the criminals are not nationals of Nigeria as they hailed from the neighbouring countries. They sneaked into the country, perpetrate their heinous crimes and fled. “Happily, these obnoxious cross border criminalities has reduced drastically. This happy development is a good omen for Nigeria and her all law-abiding citizens.” ALSO READ: Oyo lost great patriarch, world renowned agronomist in Lekan Are ― Ilaka On the economy, Dingyadi maintained that the border closure has also touched Nigerians positively. Border closure: NGO urges Abiodun to boost local economies… Border closure has not violated free trade treaty –… Border closure: FG urged to develop human resources in agric Afe Babalola backs border closure, says measure in interest… According to him: “It has however affected fraternal relationships between ourselves and our neighbours. “Very soon, as soon as the ongoing discussions with our neighbours and the Federal Government are logically concluded, the Federal Government will do the needful, in Sha Allahu.” Meanwhile, Dingyadi acknowledged that kidnapping has also drastically reduced in the country, decrying, “the menace is a hydra-headed one”. “Most of the kidnappings are being organised even among siblings, husbands and wives, just for money. “There are others caused by hoodlums, but the bulk of it is being done locally. The Police are aware of this ugly trend and they are doing their possible best to redress it.” Dingyadi admonished Nigerians to reduce the desperation for money, especially amongst the youths and other citizens. The minister further said that the Police are doing their best in this direction, adding the Police are up to the task. Dingyadi also stated that many of the victims of kidnapping were secretly rescued by the security agencies, especially the Police. The minister, however, appealed to all well-meaning Nigerians to continue to assist in curbing the menace of kidnapping and other related criminalities. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE