NOBODY wants to be associated with anyone with an obvious mental health problem, at least not one that roams the street to pick food from dustbins, and is oftentimes naked. This is not the case with Mr Oluwatoyin Olasemo, a public administration graduate who runs a family-owned mechanical engineering firm in Ibadan after he returned from National Youth Service to Ibadan to find his old school playmate roaming Alegongo, a suburb of Ibadan, sometimes naked and without food. “I knew Evra, as he was popularly called, about 15 years back where we played football in Alegongo. That was way back in my secondary school days. But after finishing University and coming home, I found he had become insane,” said Mr Olasemo. The sight of Evra moved Mr Olasemo to provide him at least a meal a day instead of seeing him picking food from dustbins all over the street. Evra stays alone in his mother’s house in Alegongo and that is where he is served the meals. “They have not been able to trace any of his family members till now; he chased all the family members away when he developed the mental problem. And his mother is dead,” he recounted. This house has fallen Evra’s real name is Dada Arole. He is a native of Ibadan, with his family house at Orita Aperin. He is the third in a family of six and born March 1984.  Before his illness, he was a professional car painter. Mr Olasemo’s interest in him had caught the attention of many people in the community, including Professor Segun Baiyewu, a retired professor of psychiatrist from the University College Hospital, who asked why he was interested in Evra. “I told Professor Baiyewu that I wanted him to be sane again and not just to ensure he daily has at least a meal. So, I asked what can be done to help achieve this,” he said. Initial efforts by Mr Olasemo to find his family members were to ensure ease of getting him treated in the hospital. Consent of his family members in ensuring this was important. Medical social workers, with the assistance of Professor Baiyewu, were brought in to have first-hand assessment of Evra. It was to help understand what could be done to assist him to recover. They confirmed that he had psychosis, a mental challenge that would require medication, attention, love and support to ensure he recovers. And that requires a volunteer since none of his family members is around. Mr Olasore declared “To be able to assist him was quite easy because he always comes back to check or sleep in his house every day after he might have roamed all over the city. “So, I first thing in the morning, get food for him and his drugs; ensuring that he takes his medications is a major thing, so I sacrifice my time and money to do this to help ensure that he recovers.” No going back in the Amotekun security outfit ― Olugbon Gunmen kill PDP chieftain while returning from Okowa’s… Militant attack in Nigerian town kills 20 soldiers,… Actress Nkechi Blessing finaly reveals lover, how they met Evra’s treatment also includes taking some drugs in injection form every other week at the Alegongo Primary Healthcare Centre. The medicines are brought with a prescription written by Professor Baiyewu and presented with a note to the nurses on duty to help administer at the PHC. In 2019, he had at least 25 doses of these injections. Mr Olasore said “He is changing; now he can remember things that actually happened in the past a little bit. He neither eats from the dust bin nor walks along the street naked anymore.” Now, Evra’s last attempt at painting vehicles was about nine years ago. With good care, Evra can now recount steps involved in painting a vehicle. He has painted a car halfway through in Mr Olasore’s workshop. Also during the Christmas period, when Evra went to the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Miracle Sanctuary, Anifalaje, Ibadan with Mr Olasore. He sat through the service without any hint that something is wrong. The pastor prayed for him after the church service and promised him a bible the next Sunday. “I want him to be sane, get back to his life; that is the aim of the experiment and it is working and God will help us to achieve this totally,” he added. Professor Baiyewu stated “The story is about an unusual Nigerian who has done a lot to help another person; what I did is not unusual as an expert; what he did is the story. It shows that ordinary people can help many people with mental problems we see roaming the streets of Nigeria recover.” Dr Jibril Abdulmalik, a consultant psychiatrist, UCH, Ibadan, described psychosis as a serious mental disorder in which the thoughts and perceptions of the affected person become disordered. According to him, it is characterised by hearing or seeing things that are not there (hallucinations); having abnormal beliefs (delusions) and losing touch with reality. He suggested that individuals can support affected persons with mental disorders to recover and return to normal functioning by ensuring such persons receive professional care and treatment. Dr Adbulmalik stated that they require being supported with rehabilitation to help them get back on their feet. “Individuals need to realize that it is a chronic condition that requires long-term care, treatment and regular follow-up clinic visits for many years. “It is not like malaria that is treated for days or at most one week. It is more like hypertension or diabetes which both require long-term care and follow-up visits, along with lifestyle modifications.”  Nigerian Tribune STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE