The National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) in Ogun State has described the purported suspension of some leaders of motor parks in the state by the government as illegal. Leader of the union in the state, Ismaila Mustapha, said that the suspension of the leaders of Ago-Iwoye and Sango motor parks did not follow due process. Recall that the Interim Committee on Transport Unions ordered the suspension of the leaders following a crisis in the union and an allegation that the unions failed to remit expected funds. But protest letter dated January 28, 2020, and addressed to the Chairman, Interim Committee on Transport Unions, Chief Sunday Adebiyi, noted that the government has no such power to interfere in matters relating to the trade union and in turn, the NURTW. ALSO READ: Establish correctional homes to tackle juvenile delinquency in Oyo, Assembly charges Ministry Citing part ll section 4 subsection (2) of the 1999 constitution of Nigeria as amended, the letter signed by counsel to the union, Olumide Akinbinu, added that the suspension was a personal decision of some members of the interim committee. BREAKING: Sagamu Sabo market on fire Alleged certificate forgery: I have been vindicated by court… Alleged forgery: I have nothing to hide ― Abiodun’s… Ban on petrol supply: FG calls for calm in border… The union subsequently urged the committee to withdraw the suspension order. The union said that: “The statement credited to you therefore to the effect that the state government has ordered the immediate suspension of the executive members of the National Union of Transport Workers in Ago-Iwoye and Sango/Ota motor parks, therefore, is not only misleading but ultra vires the state government for which you are purportedly representing. “It is, therefore, my honest belief that the statement does not emanate from the Ogun State government and if anything, it represents your personal view which in any case is not correct in law and in fact. “Firstly, no such letter of suspension was communicated to our client and even if there is one: it is null and void ab initio. “And any attempt to enforce a leadership on the union which is outside the purview of schedule is simply illegal. “I am convinced that your statement does not emanate from the government of Ogun State as the Attorney General who is the chief law officer would appreciate the vital constitutional provision quoted above and in any case will not hesitate to advise the government accordingly. “Our definite instruction, in the wake of the above legal and factual analysis, is that you cause a retraction of the misleading statement with equal publicity forthwith and desist from harassing or intimidating any union leader in Ogun State,” the letter reads in part. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.