Tell us a bit more about yourself? I’m a videographer, a recording artist, an actress, I own an online radio and I also dabble into a bit of real estate. I’m a humble, loving, spontaneous, very easy to roll with and fun person.  Where do you see yourself in a few years from now? I want to be one of the most recognised recording artists and videographers, not only in Nigeria, but in Africa and beyond as well. I want to be an amazing actress, I wish my online radio would have gotten to a standard and now broadcast worldwide with an FM license. Also doing well in all of the businesses I have established and making CeeRainbow Entertainment a huge deal just like Mavin records or Universal records. In a few years, I want to be one of the best in the world. I want to be the next Bill Clinton, I want to be rich, I want to buy Islands (laughs).  What have you been up to since you left the BBNaija House? I have been doing a lot of things since I left the BBNaija House. I recently launched my online store CeeKlassiq’ where we sell designer shoes. We have plans to extend to other things marketable. I have also been working on my online radio which I just launched. I have also been working as an ambassador for a lot of brands since I left the House, which have been drawing me back but I don’t mind because that is what pays the bill. But yeah, I have been up to a lot of entertainment stuffs, acting, music and radio.  What is your propelling force, what keeps you going? My family keeps me going. Listening and watching other people who I dream to be like one day. Tiwa Savage is one of such people. The struggle also keeps me going when you see something and you just want to make the best out of it. Music keeps me going and the hope that I will be able to make it in the industry.  If you were to go on a dinner, what designs would you rock? Fendi, I don’t know (laughs). All the top designs we have. Anyway, since I am the made in Aba ambassador, I will wear really good Aba wears.  How would you describe your childhood? My childhood was fun. I was born into a wealthy family but things happened and we had to start from the scratch. I went to one of the best schools in Aba, I had lots of toys because we were not allowed to have friends. Things changed when I was in the university and I started struggling to survive. Ibadan chief seeks constitutional roles for traditional… Police arrest 26 suspects in Benue during festive period —CP Oil Bunkering: Nigerian Navy hands over 57 Nigerians, 7… How Glory, 13yrs; Samuel, 8yrs and Darasimi, 3yrs died in…  Are you in a relationship? No, I am very single and I don’t know if I am ready to mingle. I am just focused on a lot of things for now. I don’t think I have gone on a date since I left the House.  You were recently made a brand ambassador for everything made in Aba. What exactly is made in Aba? Made in Aba is something the state government is really passionate about and in fact, the governor wears things made in Aba. The project will formally kick start in January 2020. When I visited Aba, I saw that machines have been imported from China and a big factory has been put in place where shoes and clothes would be made. It is a really big project. I am really excited and happy to be among these great projects. People should be ready, we are going to take over the market from the things I have seen it is going to be huge. I am proud to be part of this.  What is one narrative you wish you could change about Nigeria as a youth? Everything people say about Nigeria is true. There is no narrative that is a lie, I will just try to contribute my own quota and do whatever I can do for the betterment of the country.  How do you combine acting, music, photography and videography? How has it been? Oh well, combining them is tough but not that difficult because they all fall into the same category.  What is one thing you regret doing in the BBNaija House? I don’t have any regrets whatsoever. I was myself in the House and I would have acted the same way if I was outside the House. I forgot at a point that we had cameras watching us but I don’t have any regret. I am grateful to God and hopeful for more opportunities. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE