Alhaji Suleiman Wakili, member, Kaduna State House of Assembly, on Wednesday, advocated for free education for blind persons in the State. Wakili stated this at the 14th edition of distribution of blind-related education materials by the Nigerian Association for the Blind, Zaria Local Government chapter held at Zaria Local Government Education Department. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the items distributed included; Braille materials, typewriters, writing frames, Starlus, Braille papers, blind textbooks and talking walking watches. The occasion also featured the presentation of WAEC, NECO and JAMB registration fees, distribution of food items to widows and presentation of awards to the patrons. The lawmaker promised to present the issue before the State Assembly and follow it up so that the request could see the light of the day. “I never thought of that until when it was presented, that is why it is good to be attending this kind of gathering. “I will advise that you should formally write to the house so that in my position as a member I can follow it up. “Sometimes we blame the government for certain things but in most cases, the government is not aware of the problem talk-less of providing a solution to it. “Actually, it is good for representatives of people to be associating with those they represent in order to know their problems and evolve means of solving such problems. “Apart from taking this issue to the State Assembly, I would personally go and see the Executive Governor of the State, Malam Nasiru el-Rufai and intimate him on the issue,” he assured. In his speech, the Chairman, Nigerian Association for the Blind, Kaduna State chapter, Malam Salisu Abubakar recalled that Governor El-Rufai had promised not to retrench those with disability. ALSO READ: Court stops INEC from conducting by-election into Edo Assembly Seats. He, however, pointed out that the retrenchment had affected some of their members, while others did not receive retrenchment letters yet their salaries were stopped. NSCDC records 30 cases of child trafficking in Kaduna in… Gbajabiamila commiserates with Kaduna govt over gas… DPR blames Kaduna gas explosion on illegal transfer of LPG… NECO warns on fake recruitment syndicate “In my capacity as the State Chairman, I want to plead with the lawmaker to extend our complaint to the governor to remind him about his promise so that our members can be reconsidered. “I could recall that some of our members were invited for screening from across the state, some of them had to borrow money to meet up but up to now, they are yet to be screened. “I want the governor to investigate this issue, maybe it was done without his consent. “I also want to appeal to the governor to pay-off those who are due for retirement for them to settle down,” he pleaded. The association’s Chairman, Zaria chapter, Malam Dalhatu Jibril appreciated traditional institutions, well-meaning Nigerians and the media for their support, encouragement and contribution in publicising activities of the association through various medium. He said the essence of the ceremony was to donate educational materials to members of the association as a source of encouragement to the younger ones. “Apart from that, we support the aged ones among us with food items such as macaroni, spaghetti and cuscus all with a view to supporting them and in a way, discourage begging,” he said. Jibril lamented that in the entire Northern states there is no university without at least 10 blind persons studying degree courses except in Kaduna State. “This is because the blind persons cannot afford to pay the tuition fees and we are saddened by the fact that we pay WACE and NECO ourselves without any assistance from the government. “Some states in the North-West are paying WAEC and NECO fees for normal persons talkless of blind persons, but here in Kaduna State we have to struggle and pay for ourselves just like any other normal human being, else we quit the school,” he said. The chairman appealed for alternative special education school for their members to study in view of the fact that the state government had scrapped JSS in Alhudahuda Secondary School Zaria. “We don’t want a situation where blind children will have no place to study in the entire state, with the scrapping of JSS in Alhudahuda, our members have to travel to neighbouring states to be educated, this is very sad for all of us.” (NAN) STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE