The seeming cold war between the Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Abdulrasheed Adewale Akanbi and Chief Abiola Ogundokun, a prominent indigene of Iwo appears to have been resolved following the intervention of Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, TribuneOnline gathered. A credible source informed our correspondent that Oyetola who held a peace meeting with Oba Akanbi and Ogundokun inside the Government House, Osogbo on Wednesday was able to reunite the duo. Confirming the development in a press statement forwarded to our correspondent in Osogbo, the Chief Press Secretary to Oluwo, Mr Alli Ibraheem said “with respect to the governor and in the best interest of Iwo and her people,  His Imperial Majesty, the Oluwo of Iwoland, HIM Oba (Dr.) Abdulrosheed Adewale Akanbi, after the intervention of his Excellency, Alhaji Gboyega Oyetola, in honour of his stool, we hereby let off ill feelings against Chief Abiola Ogundokun.” ALSO READ: How Nigeria can earn forex from robotics, AI ― Expert Armed Forces Remembrance: Remain committed to united Nigeria… Oyetola tasks security personnel on loyalty, integrity Aregbesola lauds Oyetola’s performance in Osun Workers’ support, prayers instrumental to our… The statement reads “the intervention is welcomed by His Majesty in honour of the governor, Iwo and her people. As a father, we give peace a breathing space. The governor’s intervention was a message that he wants the best for Iwoland. What a big honour from the people’s governor.” “Chief Abiola Ogundokun is welcome to the Oluwo’s palace anytime. Iwo and her people, irrespective of status and age are subjects of Oluwo, in lieu of this and in the best interest of Iwoland, no more war” “Protection of the interest of Iwoland is the primary mission of His Majesty. The art and act of human management are best seen in traditional rulers and must learn to forgive and forget easily. Oluwo is demonstrating such as a role model. We welcome Chief Abiola Ogundokun back to his father’s house.” “The head of Iwo princes, Prince Najeem Abolusodun, on behalf of the princes said  Respect is reciprocal, they say. Thank you, Governor (Alhaji) Isiaka Gboyega Oyetola. Henceforth, His Majesty Oluwo and Chief Ogundokun pledge peace and friendship. No more fight, dispute, or misunderstanding between His Majesty Oluwo and Chief  Ogundokun. Any negative comments which might have been made about Oluwo by Chief Abiola Ogundokun and any negative comments which might have been made about Chief Abiola Ogundokun by Oluwo are regarded as mere instruments of ‘winning a war’ which are not seen as the true pictures of the duo”, the statement concluded. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE