The House of Representatives member representing Koko- Besse/Maiyama Federal Constituency of Kebbi State, Shehu Koko on Wednesday called on Nigerians to see the year 2020 as a year of hope and peaceful coexistence amongst one another. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by Hon. Shehu Koko who doubles as the Chairman, House Committee on Air force to commemorate the New year celebration tagged “a year of hope” especially to his constituents. According to him, “I want to use this medium to extend my greetings to Nigerians, the good people of Koko- Besse/maiyama Federal Constituency as well as my party, the All Progressives Congress (APC). “I also want to appreciate the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari and his sacrificial time for his country in the past years and in the New year.” ALSO READ: Most bizarre act of 2019: Killing of Favour Daley-Oladele While urging Nigerians to continue to pray for the progress and peaceful coexistence and one United Nigeria, the lawmaker reassured his constituents of his unwavering commitment to deliver dividends of democracy in the area of Infrastructural development. APC insulting Nigerians by joking with high unemployment… Leaving PDP is at instance of my teeming supporters ― Momoh Ogun commissioners list: Abiodun deserves commendation ― APC PMBAt77: We appreciate your incorrigible leadership ― APC… He said: “The year 2020 has ushered in a new year and new hope for a country blessed with her natural resources as I look forward to delivering dividends of democracy promised during my campaign. This came just as he commiserated with the family of the late member from Garki/ Babura Federal Constituency of Jigawa State, Hon. Adamu Muhammadu Gawo, who died on the eve of the new year. Koko, who described the deceased lawmaker as a friendly lawmaker and a man of peace said he would surely be missed by all especially his constituents. “Late Gawo was a friend and I have always known him to be a man of peace and loves to share the little he has. His sudden demise took everyone by surprise especially his close friends.” “This is a painful exit and sad news in the New year” He left behind kids and wives as well as close friends that will miss his contributions on the floor of the House.” The lawmaker also condoled with his constituents and the entire people of Jigawa State as his remains would be buried according to Islamic rites in his home town. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.