The All Progressive Congress (APC) Unity Forum in Ondo State, has told the governor of the state, Rotimi Akeredolu, that the party does not need him to win elections in the state, adding that his assertion that if the party fails to field him as its candidate in the forthcoming gubernatorial election scheduled to hold later this year, it would lose the state is just an ordinary vituperation of a man beclouded by a non- existing army of supporters. The forum made the statement through its chairman, Alhaji Ali Olanusi, in reaction to the governor’s assertions in the dailies that if he is not fielded as the candidate of the party, it will signal the party’s doom in the state, adding that the governor thinks he is larger and more popular than the party which created him. According to the Unity Forum, Akeredolu’s outburst against the leadership of the party threatening to sink the party if not fielded as the party’s candidate is a joke as the party has never won any election since he became the governor, adding that “it is out of place to say that the APC would lose if he is not fielded as the candidate of the party. Have we not been losing before now?” The forum further described Akeredolu’s statement claiming the non-existence of PDP in Ondo State as laughable, fallacious, untrue and nothing but the outburst of a man who has lost touch with reality. Expired products from China: FCCP shuts down Supermarket in… How scammers turned me into business owner ― Hanu Agbodje NIS, Niger registers over 6,000 regular, irregular migrants Ogun to access $5m World Bank Fund for erosion control ALSO READ: Ogun to access $5m World Bank Fund for erosion control “We read the outburst of the governor of Ondo State, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), in a newspaper on January 26, 2020, where the governor boasted that he is larger and popular than APC in Ondo State. While we take the outburst of Mr Akeredolu (SAN), as a mere statement of arrogance, we wish to state that the greatest calamity that can befall the APC in Ondo State is to give the gubernatorial ticket of APC to the governor in the coming election. “The governor is aware of the fact that the reason he is struggling to talk himself into relevance on the pages of newspapers is because he mismanaged the congress of APC in the state, sponsored and campaigned for the candidates of Action Alliance in the February 16, 2019 elections. For a governor that engaged openly in anti-party activities and thereby made President Muhammadu Buhari and other candidates of APC to fail in Ondo State in the February 2019 election; for a governor that his actions have divided the party and created crisis of confidence among members; for a governor that disrespects traditional rulers and prominent citizens of the state; for a governor that encourages capital flight thereby creating hunger and poverty, resulting to empty boast is certainly the straw he is hanging to survive. “He has suddenly realised the strength of the party and the futility of his attempts to render the party impotent. He neither accommodates the party leaders in the State nor respects the party leaders at the National level. The party will miss him not if he decides to port the zenith of his political alliance. In reality, his exit will constitute a reprieve to the party in Ondo State should he find it necessary to go to another party,” the Unity Forum said. The forum however assured party faithful to be calm and ready for the imminent change that is about to dawn on the party in Ondo State. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.