THE 2019 Christmas celebrations across the country will not be forgotten in a hurry in the aviation sector as activities within the sector were further spiced up by the gale of awards given out to many deserved companies and individuals who did well in their various endeavours. The awards were given by the Chairman and Managing Director of Nigerian Aviation Awards (NIGAV) 2019, Mr Fortune Idu, after a thorough monitoring of activities in the affected companies including: airlines, ground handling companies, aviation agencies, the outstanding chief executives on how their performances raised the bar in the sector in 2019. In his welcome address at the event, Fortune Idu , the Managing Director and Chairman of NIGAV, said NIGAV was “aimed at promoting all-round aviation development and capacity building, projecting the aviation industry for investment and business development, to create a check process that has helped maintain a balance between operational efficiencies, industry, vibrancy and service delivery.” The NIGAV Awards tagged Nigeria’s most prestigious air transport development award has become the benchmark for excellence in promoting healthy competition and rewarding best practices. NIGAV, according to key players, has been commended for the annual awards as they declared that the resolve of the organiser to identify a large group of corporate organisations, airlines, individuals, including the media, for awards is the best way to encourage others to show more commitment to the development of the sector. Among those who smiled home with the distinguished awards include: Dana Air which won the Best Airline in Passenger Facilitation in 2019. The airline’s Media and Communications Manager, Kingsley Ezenwa, while speaking after receiving the award on behalf of Dana Air declared: “We are excited about this. We got similar award last two years as best airline. This only demonstrates our commitment to providing seamless travel for our customers, hinged on comfort and safety.’ ‘’If you visit our counters you won’t find any passenger because we have eliminated the queues and that’s what we call efficiency. We have invested massively on technology to provide seamless booking, and check-in for our guests and we are glad they are flying the smartest way. We wish to dedicate this award to our customers for their loyalty and support for the past 11 years. Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC On compensation of Ita-Osu market fire victims Arik Air, another Nigeria airline bagged the Airline of the year 2019 and the Best Cabin Crew (domestic) at the 10th edition of the Nigeria Aviation (NIGAV) Awards. Congratulating Arik Air, the Managing Director and Chairman of NIGAV Awards, Mr. Fortune Idu, said: “The NIGAV Awards are a fantastic opportunity to celebrate the airline. Arik Air has gone above and beyond and accomplished great things over the years. I cannot congratulate them enough for their contributions to the aviation industry; they should be very proud of their success.” The outstanding performance of the Commissioner of Nigeria’s Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Mr Akin Olateru did not go unnoticed by NIGAV as he was one of the recipients of the awards. The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) was recognised for its performances at some major airports across the country. Two ground handling companies were also recognised for their performances. The Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc (Nahco Aviance) was also announced the winner of the NIGAV Awards Ground Handling of the Year Award, 2019. Speaking for the organisers, Mr Fortune Idu who commended NAHCO for its excellent and exceptional service delivery, said the history of Nigerian aviation would not be complete without NAHCO. Skypower Aviation Handling Company (SAHCO) was not left out of the dividends of good managerial capabilities as the Chairman of its Board of Directors of Skyway Aviation Handling Company (SAHCO) PLC, Dr Taiwo Afolabi, was named the Air Transport Personality of the year during the 10th Nigerian Aviation Awards (NIGAV) 2019. Taiwo Afolabi was recognised for his immense contributions to the aviation industry through his notable investment and leadership excellence. The awards which was extended to the media, saw Mrs Nosa Osula-Aituamen of Radio Nigeria taking home the best Radio Aviation Reporter award. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.