The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has urged governors of the SouthWest States, not to back out from the recently launched ‘Operation Amotekun’, in the interest of the generality of people in the geopolitical zone. Speaking with newsmen on Wednesday, the SouthWest Coordinator of NANS in charge of Zone D, Comrade Kowe Odunayo, said the declaring the security outfit as illegal by the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), was not in the interest of the student boy and inimical to peace. “It is no news that insecurity has engulfed the SouthWest among other regions of the country. This prompted our ever thinking SouthWest leaders most especially our governors to come up with a security architecture specially designed to safeguard the SouthWest. “But it became a mouth-watering surprise for us when we heard that the powers outside our zone are not pleased with the move. This became more evident when a Fulani/Hausa youth group spoke recently condemning our security architect even when it has nothing to do with them. ALSO READ: Ondo farmers kick as FG declares Amotekun security outfit illegal “As much as we have paid apt attention to the wordings of the statement, we have noticed no other thing other than politics and an attempt to block the West from defending itself against attacks by the north. Amotekun is our right to life ― Yomi Alliyu FG needs to support Operation Amotekun ― Security expert Amotekun: Ignore FG, Malami, SMBLF tells south-west govs Amotekun: We will respond appropriately to FG’s… “As student leaders who are also interested in the security of our students and the zone at large, we are using this medium to express our readiness to support in entirety all that Amotekun stands for because Amotekun has come to stay,” he added. The student leader warned the AGF not to play politics with individual and collective security interest of Nigerians. The Ogun State Chairman of NANS, Comrade Tomiwa Bamgbose, described anyone who opposed to the security arrangement as an enemy of the SouthWest. Bamgbose said: “Amotekun is something that is worth to be celebrated and supported. We want to have security that would be able to bring about peace in our region. Enough is enough. “On this note, we want the AGF to know that whatsoever he might have said, it is not in the interest of the average man that dwell and reside in the SouthWest region. “Recently, one of the daughters of Fasoranti was killed by Fulani herdsmen. If we have this Amotekun in place, these are the people that will put a stop to this. We no longer have trust in the capacity of the (security) forces that defend the interest of Nigerian students in the SouthWest. Amotekun is an initiative by the South Westerners that has come to stay. So, anybody who is against Amotekun is an enemy of the SouthWest.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE