AGAINST the backdrop of financial challenges rocking the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso, the vice chancellor of the institution, Professor Michael Olufisayo Ologunde, has said that normalcy has been restored in the university. Ologunde, who made this disclosure during the ninth induction ceremony of the newly qualified nurses of LAUTECH College of Health Sciences, Osogbo said the two visitors to the university, namely Governor Seyi Makinde (Oyo) and Governor Gboyega Oyetola (Osun) had inaugurated a 10-man committee to look into the institutions financial crisis and other related matters. While expressing optimism that LAUTECH would be repositioned to be the best institution in the country in no distant time, the VC contended that qualitative education and impacting on students’ high moral standards would always be the priority of the institution. Ologunde, who was represented by the deputy vice chancellor, Professor Mojeed Olaide Liasu, hinted that the university had commenced a Joint University Preliminary Examination Board (JUPEB) programme which was designed to prepare candidates for direct entry admission into 200 level undergraduate degree programmes. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC The vice chancellor said,  “I make bold to say that through the cooperation and support of various stakeholders, the university had been able to achieve its core objectives of providing qualitative and quantitative education for the development of human power and resources in the country and the world at large.” Earlier in his address, the dean, Faculty of Nursing Science, Professor  B.L Ajibade, tasked the graduating nurses to respect patients’ right to privacy and confidentiality. He stated: “As nurses, you owe a duty of confidentiality to every patient. This includes making sure that they are informed about their care and that information about them is shared appropriately among health care team members. “Always practise in line with the best evidence by making sure that any information or advice given is evidence-based. “Communicate clearly by using terms that people in your care, colleagues and public can understand.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.