A woman, Hajarat Salau has brought a divorce suit against her husband, Taofeek Salau at Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Hajarat in her suit stated that her once randy husband was fetish and that he forced her to make a covenant with him never to disclose the paternity of their last two children whom he encouraged her to have through another man when he suddenly became impotent. Taofeek acceded to divorce but insisted the children in question were his. Kehinde Titilope, the plaintiff’s lover who she claimed is the father of the children was also in court and also gave evidence. Hajarat in her evidence said: “My lord, I’ve not enjoyed my marriage to my husband for a day. There’s nothing good about him. I’m therefore ready to end our marriage today. “Taofeek is fetish and was in the habit of visiting herbalists who gave him different concoctions. “He has proved over the years to be an irresponsible being. Taofeek had a high libido. He constantly abandoned me at home and ran after everything in skirt. He consistently embarrassed me by doing this. Taofeek had carnal knowledge of our housemaid. He kept sleeping with her till he was caught. He also would have raped my daughter who I had for my first husband. “My lord, Taofeek kept displaying this randy nature until nemesis caught up with him. He suddenly became impotent. This to him was like a death sentence. “In order to cover his shame, he pleaded with me to go into a relationship with another man in other that I might have more children through him. “Though initially reluctant, I gave in to his plea. I had my fourth and fifth child for a man I went into a relationship with two months after Taofeek and I sealed our plan. The father of these children in question is Kehinde Titilope. “When I was pregnant with our fourth child, Taofeek, being a fetish person, brought a concoction made with snake home for me to eat. He asked me to swear I would keep a secret the paternity of the child and any other one I was likely to have through my lover. He forced me to swear, but I refused to take the concoction,” she stated. The plaintiff went on:”My lord, Taofeek and I had a misunderstanding which we found difficult to resolve and which led to my moving out of his house. “I had my fifth child for Kehinde while away from Taofeek so he can’t lay claim to the child. Moreover, he has already become impotent by the time I had my fourth and fifth children,” she concluded. PHOTOS: Corps member commits suicide in Kogi Gombe gov closes bakery, condemns torture of 14-yr-old boy… UTME registration: Parents, NANS hail JAMB on NIN suspension Appeal Court upholds ex-Lagos deputy speaker’s… “My lord, Hajarat is a liar,” Taofeek told the court in reaction. “I’m still sexually active and go many rounds in bed. My lord, those children are mine. She had our fourth child while still in my house. I was the one who gave him his name and was responsible for the naming ceremony. I also buried his placenta. She was already pregnant with our fifth child when she moved out of my house. “I paid her regular visits at her new abode because I wanted the differences between us resolved. “I got a job outside town and this restricted my movement. My visits to her became reduced because I wasn’t at home many weekends. “I didn’t know when she put to bed. I later learnt she had our baby through cesarean operation. I sent the name of the baby since it was not possible to be around for his naming ceremony due to the nature of my job. “My lord, I once saw her with her lover but she lied to me about his identity. I was made to understand he was the one who signed on my behalf before the cesarean operation was carried out on her, ”the plaintiff said. Kehinde Titilope, Hajarat’s lover stated before the court thus:”My lord, Hajarat and I met and started dating in 2006 but later went our different ways. We met again in 2015 and she told me she and her husband were divorced. We then started dating again. “I rented an apartment for her and later bought her a piece of land. She later told me she was already pregnant with our first child by the time we first parted ways. That was after we had dated for months. She explained that she kept it away from me because of the covenant she made with her former husband. “She took me to some of her family members and introduced me to them as her new husband. She had our second child after we got married. “My lord, I was the one who registered Hajarat at the hospital and saw to her welfare during pregnancy and after she put to bed,” Kehinde explained. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, observed the relationship between Hajarat and Taofeek had broken irretrievably. Ruling, Odunade dissolved their wedlock and gave custody of their first three children to the defendant. He ordered that a DNA test be carried out on the fourth and fifth children to ascertain their paternity and the result be brought to court.     STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE