The leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has insisted that the face-off between the National Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki should be resolved in the interest of the development of the state. NANS said it is particularly disturbed that the Deputy Governor, Comrade Phillip Shuaibu, had been the eye in the storm of the political crisis in the state. Public Relations Officer of NANS, Comrade Adeyemi Azeez, in a statement on Sunday in Abuja, said even though some members of the Association have received threats for daring to speak out on the crisis, insisting that it was the duty of NANS leadership to call Shuaibu “to order in the overall interest of Edo people and importantly, for upcoming young leaders to be accorded a place of trust in climbing the political ladder.” Tribune Online recalled that there has been an uneasy calm in Edo State politics. Many have sought to find a lasting solution to the political crisis yet it continues to fester leading to the issuance of an advisory press statement last week by the Public Relations Officer of NANS, urging Shuaibu to seek reconciliation with his estranged benefactor and godfather, Comrade Oshiomhole. ALSO READ: https://tribuneonlineng.com/nass-n128bn-budget-senators-feign-ignorance/ The NANS statement made available to newsmen by Azeez reads in part: “Today, I restate the earlier call having found out that the primary source of the political crisis rests with Comrade Phillip Shuaibu. “To be frank, the deputy governor’s attitude leading to barrage of insults and condemnation of the former governor is nothing but an adventurous eyesore. The entire comrade community is not only embarrassed by his actions but sees such as an act of ingratitude. “For the records, without the support and mentorship of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, comrade Phillip Shuaibu wouldn’t have been where he is today from House of Assembly to House of Representatives to becoming the Deputy Governor of one of the most civilized state in Nigeria. “It’s also worthy to mention how Oshiomole gave Shuaibu a face in life and making him a rallying point for his peers, friends and even elders. All of these have made Shuaibu who he is today politically and economically. Rep member, Abejide, doles out N75m WAEC fees to… NANS to Buhari: Sack service chiefs now Plot to discredit Oshiomhole will fail ― Mayaki Amotekun: Vote of no confidence on Buhari presidency ― PDP “It is, therefore, our duty to call him to order in the overall interest of Edo people and importantly, for upcoming young leaders to be accorded a place of trust in climbing the political ladder. “With the ongoing harassment of all men of good conscience attempting to broker peace, the Deputy Governor has shown his desperate nature and avowed commitment to destroying the once peaceful political atmosphere in Edo state. “While we are not unaware of various threats issued against commentators on the sad development, we wish to expose to the whole world that certain members of our association have been pencilled down for revenge for daring to speak out. “We insist that he is at the centre of the storm and should retreat for peace to reign. How on earth can he be so mindless, self-centred and uncouth in battling with his erstwhile political benefactor? “Indeed, his recent actions portrayed the younger generation as ungrateful lots who should not be trusted with responsibilities. We reiterate that comrades are renowned for their forthrightness, courage and respect for elders. “How our brother and former leader drove himself to this height of needless disrespect is surprising and we shall continue to condemn his actions. “We call on the Edo state governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, to see beyond the antics of his Deputy and reconcile with his predecessor. As a gentleman that he is, he should take the bull by the horn and move quickly in dousing the tension pervading the political landscape in Edo state before it goes beyond redemption. “If Shuaibu can come against who gave him life, he can do worse to you tomorrow. “We appeal also to all friends, contemporaries and political actors around Comrade Phillip Shuaibu to rise up and help in normalising his estranged relationship with his godfather having full assurances that his sins would be forgiven by Comrade Adams Oshiomhole,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE