Osun State governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, on Wednesday implored all Nigerians to remain united and face the future with faith and hope by working for the peace of the nation to achieve the desired progress and development. He maintained that the commitment of the country’s armed forces to the security and safety of the nation gives them confidence that one and indivisible Nigeria is possible and non-negotiable. Oyetola, who spoke at the Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration in Osogbo after the symbolic wreath-laying, appealed to the people to engage in acts that would deliver a strong, unified and prosperous Nigeria. ALSO READ: Restore management sciences to Agric varsities, FUNAAB VC tells Pro-Chancellors According to him, “let us all continue to scale up intervention in loving memory of our fallen compatriots and in the service of our veterans. Reps applaud Armed Forces’ role in democratic… Oyetola tasks security personnel on loyalty, integrity Aregbesola lauds Oyetola’s performance in Osun Armed Forces Remembrance Day: Oyo will support Nigerian… I commend the Armed Forces for strategising day and night to fight insurgency and terrorism and keep the nation safe.” He also explained that his administration has been supportive of the veterans and the families of the fallen heroes through the implementation of improved welfare policies and programmes. Oyetola stated “we all have a responsibility as a nation and as a people to continue to take care of the legionnaires and the families of the fallen heroes. Taking care of their welfare is the measure of our compassion and the volume and quality of our appreciation as beneficiaries of their sacrifices. ”These acts of reciprocation and compassion are encouragement and motivation for our gallant soldiers who are currently fighting insurgency and are equally involved in peace support and internal security operations across the world. ”Each year since we came into power, we have rallied around our fallen heroes and provided for their needs. Our policies and programmes have been directed at them and the people through adequate, equitable and qualitative service delivery,” he remarked. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE