Iran fired a number of missiles at two Iraqi bases housing United States troops Wednesday local time in retaliation for the American strike that killed a top Iranian general last week — presenting President Donald Trump with the biggest test of his presidency to date. Trump will deliver a statement on Iran from the White House at 11 a.m. on Wednesday morning, the administration announced. Vice President Mike Pence will join Trump for his remarks. The US has “100% accountability” of all its forces in Iraq, with no US casualties, according to a US defense official familiar with the latest assessment on Wednesday morning. The official added that there has been “no major damage” at either base. There is a growing belief among administration officials that Iran deliberately missed areas populated by Americans, multiple administration officials told CNN on Wednesday. ALSO READ: Avoid supremacy battles to achieve development, Olugbon charges Ogbomoso obas These officials floated the notion that Iran could have directed their missiles to hit areas that are populated by Americans, but intentionally did not. Iraq did receive advance warning that the strike was coming and was able to take “necessary precautions,” according to a statement from Iraq’s Prime Minister Adil Abdul Mahdi. Iraq’s joint military command said there were no casualties among Iraqi military forces either. Iran targeted the al-Asad airbase, which houses US troops, and American and coalition forces in Erbil, according to Jonathan Hoffman, a Pentagon spokesperson. White House aides had initially made plans for a possible address to the nation by Trump on Tuesday night, according to two officials. Trump tweeted later in the night that he would make a statement Wednesday morning. “All is well!” Trump tweeted. “Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties & damages taking place now. So far, so good! We have the most powerful and well-equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.” The administration officials who discussed Iran’s targeting suggested that Tehran’s leaders may have intended to send a message rather than take significant enough action to trigger a US military response, a possible indication that the White House is looking for a rationale to calm tensions. The attack comes days after the US killed top Iranian general Qasem Soleimani in an airstrike in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad. The administration had sought to cast that strike as an attempt to de-escalate tensions with Iran, but Tehran has described it as an “act of war” and “state terrorism.” Soleimani had been the second most powerful official in the country. In a televised address to Iran Wednesday, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei addressed the missile attacks and said Iran had given the US “a slap in the face last night.” ALSO READ: Open letter: Governor Abiodun, dissolution of Interim Transport Committee overdue He added that America had cast Soleimani as a “terrorist,” which was “unjust and unfair.” The Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, an elite wing of the Iranian military, said in a statement that the attacks on Iraqi bases were “hard revenge” for Soleimani’s death. The IRGC said any country housing US troops could be subject to “hostile and aggressive acts” and called on American citizens to demand the administration remove US troops from the region. It warned the US: “If you repeat your wickedness or take any additional movements or make additional aggression, we will respond with more painful and crushing responses.” VIDEO: Trump says US is ready to embrace peace with Iran in… BREAKING: ‘Iran will never be allowed to have a… Iran attacks US, fires ballistic missiles to airbase in Iraq UK sends two warships to Persian Gulf Iran sent Iraq “an official verbal message” about the missile attack shortly before midnight on Wednesday, according to a statement from Mahdi. He said that Iraq was told that: “The strike would be limited to the whereabouts of the US military in Iraq, without giving the exact location.” Once they received the warning, Iraqi military leaders were warned: “to take the necessary precautions.” “No casualties so far from the Iraqi side, and we have not officially received information on the losses from the coalition forces,” the Prime Minister added. In recent days, US bases have “been on high alert due to indications that the Iranian regime planned to attack our forces and interests in the region,” said Pentagon spokesperson Hoffman. “As we evaluate the situation and our response, we will take all necessary measures to protect and defend U.S. personnel, partners, and allies in the region,” he added. Another US military official told CNN the military had enough warning of the launches that they had time to sound alarms. People in harm’s way were able to get to safety, according to the official. In Erbil, at least two ballistic missiles hit separate areas, two Kurdish security officials tell CNN. One missile landed inside the perimeter of Erbil International Airport without exploding, the second hit an area roughly 20 miles west of Erbil without causing casualties. ALSO READ: No Oyo worker will earn below national minimum wage ― Makinde Trump had visited the base in December 2018 after Christmas. Vice President Mike Pence also visited the base in November 2019. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Twitter that the response was meant to be proportionate to the American attack that killed Soleimani, framing Iran’s attack within international law. The top diplomat also said Iran had “concluded” its widely anticipated response Soleimani’s killing. “Iran took and concluded proportionate measures in self-defense under Article 51 of UN Charter targeting base from which cowardly armed attack against our citizens’and senior officials were launched,” Zarif tweeted. “We do not seek escalation of the war, but will defend ourselves against any aggression.” Amid renewed Iranian threats to hit Israeli cities as well, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu issued his own warning to Iran Wednesday. “Anyone who tries to attack us will suffer the most devastating blow,” he told a press conference in Jerusalem. The rockets pose a direct challenge to Trump, who threatened Iran on Tuesday, just hours before the attacks began. “If Iran does anything that it shouldn’t be doing, they will be suffering the consequences and very strongly,” the President said. In the immediate aftermath of Soleimani’s killing, Trump repeatedly stressed that the deadly drone strike was meant to reduce violence. “We took action last night to stop a war,” he told reporters a day after the attack. “We did not take action to start a war.” Trump warned later of a “disproportionate” response to any Iranian move that could include targeting Iran’s cultural sites, a war crime. CNN STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE