Ondo State farmers under the auspices of Ondo State Agricultural Commodities Association (OSACA) on Wednesday, accused the Federal Government of insensitivity to the plight of the people of the SouthWest by declaring the SouthWest security outfit codenamed, Amotekun as illegal. The farmers described the declaration of the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, on the security outfit recently inaugurated by Southwest governors as unacceptable, inhumane and illegal. Speaking on behalf of the farmers, the Chairman of the association, Mr Gbenga Obaweya, said the farmers in the state heaved a sigh of relief with the introduction of the Amotekun, as the initiative was designed to rescue farmers from the heinous activities of herdsmen who have been destroying their farms and raping their women without restraint. According to the farmers’ Chairman, the security outfit jointly set up by the Southwest governors would help ameliorate the economic loss they suffered annually from the Fulani herdsmen who grazed on their crops. ALSO READ: Omo-Agege: Stop being used in ‘pull him down’ politics, group tells Nigerian youths He said: “We say in clear terms that the declaration of Amotekun as illegality is totally unacceptable to us. The formation and launch of Amotekun brought a ray of hope to us as farmers and agropreneurs for a few days, but alas, an attempt is being made to dash all our hope. “For years we have sought peaceful means of protecting our farmlands and investments with very little success. Any attempt to shoot down this beacon of hope is a recipe for chaos and civil unrest. “Will the pauperised farmer, distressed investor not be pushed to violence if they believe they have nobody to protect them? Skill acquisition wakes up ability in disability, says Mr… Ihedioha’s wife pledges support for husband Critics of Amotekun should go back to sleep ― Soyinka Omo-Agege: Stop being used in ‘pull him down’… The farmers, however, resolved that “We support the security outfit, Amotekun; we reject any proclamation that it is illegal; we demand that the national body of Miyetti Allah be called to order; farmers who have been victims should be compensated.” The group, therefore, called on “Ondo State government through the state House of Assembly, to pass the proposed bill on the regulation of grazing activities that have been before them since 2018.” Some of the farmers who spoke with newsmen thereafter shared their terrible experiences in the hands of the herdsmen. Mr Shado Evans revealed that he’s a frustrated farmer having lost all his palm tree plantation to herdsmen who grazed on the farm at night. He explained that he has run bankrupt as he could not pay back loans he got from the bank which he invested in the 10 hectares Palm plantation. Another farmer, Pastor Olayinka Olabiran, explained that his Palm tree plantation and plantain worth over N4 Million was destroyed by Fulani herdsmen last year November and the military and Civil Defence officials assisted in arresting four among the herdsmen. He was offered N300, 000 compensation by the herdsmen, wondering how he’s going to pay the bank loan. They all maintained that Amotekun has come to stay, urging the Southwest governors to ignore the Attorney General. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE