Aftermath the influx of some Fulani herdsmen to Ajowa community in Ondo state,  the state government on Thursday denied planning to settle Fulani herdsmen in the State. The state government described the insinuation as another antic and mischief by the opposition in the state to discredit the present administration in the state This was contained in a press statement signed by the state Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr. Donald Ojogo, who alleged opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state of creating a distrust between the people and the government. Ojogo said :”Understandably, PDP’s ill-motivated reasoning and perversion have a clear motive: to create a situation of distrust between the people and the Government and to a large extent, paint the State Governor in a bad light. This is a failed mission. “For the records, the influx of the strangers to Ajowa Akoko was indeed reported to the Government after the community had chased the intruders away. From preliminary reports at the disposal of Government,  these people were not Fulani of Nigerian descent but foreigners. “It should also be noted that as at the time they were prevented from settling at Ajowa and subsequently chased to the boundary between Ondo and Kogi States, there were no cattle with them. Gov Sani Bello cautions pilgrims against absconding 2023 : Group backs Olabode George for president Workers’ support, prayers instrumental to our… Gov Bello extols virtues of late Aduku, Nigeria’s oldest war… “It is to be noted, however, that an indigene of Ajowa Akoko who is alleged to be responsible for the unathourised movement of these foreigners to the town has been placed under security watch. Mr Governor has consequently, ordered his immediate arrest and interrogation without further delay. ALSO READ: Gov Sani Bello cautions pilgrims against absconding “The suspected collaborator of Araba, a Fulani butcher resident in Ajowa, is said to have been chased out of the town by restive youths” Ojogo also disclosed that the state government has destroyed some shanties built by suspected Fulani in an industrial layout in Akure without authorisation of the state government. He said the shanties were evacuated by security agencies on the orders of the State government and said “it is pertinent to state without prejudice to the hospitality of our people that, unathourised mass movement or influx into Ondo State will not be encouraged by Government. In the same vein, potential collaboration in this regard will not be tolerated. “All the same, the Ondo State Government frowns strongly at any form of self-help capable of  jeopardizing cordial relationship among Nigerians irrespective of religion and ethnicity. “The Ondo State Government wishes to state unequivocally that the regional security outfit, Amotekun which is billed to be unveiled in Ibadan on the 9th of January will undoubtedly, create an atmosphere that will engender peaceful coexistence in the South West” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.