The Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, has disclosed that the three-year-old crisis that rocked Ibadan Chieftaincy System has gone with the wind, adding that the people should rejoice in the Lord. According to a statement issued and signed by the Personal Assistant/Director of Media and Publicity to the Olubadan, Adeola Oloko, on Sunday. The statement quoted Oba Adetunji while speaking at the weekend on the sidelines of the installation of the new Araba of Ibadanland, Chief Ifalere Odegbemi Odegbola II at his Popoyemoja, Ibadan palace. Oloko added that the event, an impressive ceremony witnessed by traditional practitioners from the six South-Western states of Lagos, Ogun, Oyo, Osun, Ondo and Ekiti States. Oloko quoted Oba Adetunji saying “one of the definitions of tradition is that whatsoever was good for our forefathers should also be good for us. Every aspect of Yoruba tradition and customs that we champion is preserved and protected. One, chiefs are no longer addressed as monarchs as this as become unlawful. “Two, we have stopped indiscriminate wearing of beaded crowns and coronets. Three, high chiefs, senior chiefs, other chiefs and Mogaji who could not go forward because of the previous government interference in the chieftaincy system have been elevated to appropriate titles. “Four, the titled chiefs have also been posted to different Local Government Traditional Councils by Olubadan. Five, no life was lost in the crisis. Six, some people insulted me but I did not revenge,” Olubadan submitted. Oba Adetunji then noted that the peace and harmony pervading the Ibadan Chieftaincy fold would not have been possible without the help God, lovers of Ibadan and its good people who insisted on non-interference by government in our chieftaincy system. VIDEO: Pandemonium as pipeline explodes in Lagos Supreme Court to deliver judgment in Kano, Sokoto guber… Northern Youth Forum appoints Bowen VC as ‘Garkuwan… PDP condemns APC’s defense of Imo guber judgement He said he had thought that it would take the next 25 years for normalcy to return to “our chieftaincy system but I am happy today to report to Nigerians that all we hold sacred is intact and secured as all our people spread across 21 towns, 1681 villages, 11 local government councils of Oyo State are most grateful for the de-escalation of tension.” ALSO READ: No force can stop Amotekun ― Fani-Kayode Oba Adetunji singled out the Oyo State current governor and Aare Jagunmolu of Ibadanland, Engineer Seyi Makinde and former governor and Osi Olubadan, High Chief Rasidi Ladoja for the restoration of peace and order to the fold, saying generations yet unborn would not forget their labour of love to Ibadanland. He stated further that the generality of Ibadan people should be willing to forgive those who contributed one way or the other to the causes of the crisis while they must not forget the lessons learnt which include patience, forbearance, forgiveness, meekness and spirit of brotherhood. Olubadan added that “if not for meekness, some people who got elevated should have been sanctioned in accordance with the provisions of Ibadan Chieftaincy Declaration but the question we ask is: where would this place Ibadan?” Oba Adetunji enjoined the new Araba of Ibadanland to continue to show loyalty to Ibadan and Olubadan. Araba of Osogbo land, Chief Ifayemi Elebuibon, offered prayers for continued peace and growth of Ibadan, Yorubaland and Nigeria. Meanwhile, the Olubadan mourned the passage of renowned industrialist and former President, Government College, Ibadan Old Boys Association, GCIOBA, Dr Lalekan Ayokunnu Are, who died on Saturday. He was described as a humanist and passionate lover of his fatherland per excellence. He recalled that the last time he met the deceased was Sunday 15 December, 2019 at the Ibadan Foundation annual dinner and award ceremony held at Kakanfo Inn, Ibadan, saying Lekan Are personally took it upon himself to read the citation of one of the awardees, Dr Raymond Zard at the occasion, which left everybody beaming with smile. He prayed to God to give his family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss, saying he contributed his quota to the peaceful resolution of the Chieftaincy crisis. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE