The governorship candidate of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) in 2019 general election in Oyo State, Senator Olufemi Lanlehin, has called on those elected and appointed into positions of authority to prioritise the welfare of the people in their thoughts, plans and actions in the New Year. Lanlehin, in a New Year message, reminded them that, having now spent seven months in office, the clocks of their four-year tenure, at least in the first instance, has begun ticking, “and that in a twinkle of an eye, it will all be over.” “Those in leadership positions at both the national and state levels should make the delivery of democratic dividends the centrepiece of their actions, recalling that in just a matter of 41 months, it will all be over.” The former Oyo South Senator, who thanked his followers across the state for their support over the years, especially during the election, charged them not “to feel dejected, disappointed or dismayed, particularly in the light of current political dynamics in the state, which might be well interpreted as a classic betrayal of trust, and a repudiation of a gentlemanly agreement.” Makinde has not fulfilled promises he made to me ― Lanlehin Lanlehin’s withdrawal from coalition, an appeal for caution… Women are dependable allies; our government will give them a… Violence: Arrest Adelabu now, Lanlehin campaign organisation… ALSO READ: JUST IN: Property being reclaimed not Saraki’s ancestral home — Kwara govt He urged them to rather take solace in the fact that they were part of “a courageous coalition which midwife a new government, adding that “the good times will surely come.” He commended Nigerians for their hard work and commitment to the peace, prosperity and progress of the country, praying that the blessings and mercies of God shall abide with them now and forever. While wishing Nigerians in general, and the good people of Oyo State in particular, a happy new year, he felicitated the Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji; the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi; the Soun of Ogbomoso, Oba Jimoh Oyewumi, Obas throughout the state, Ibadan High Chiefs, Mogajis and Baalẹs, wishing them all many more years in the service of their people. Senator Lanlehin who prayed for Nigeria and Oyo State to experience peace and prosperity this year 2020 and beyond, called on the people to continue in their belief and commitment to a greater Nigeria, assuring them that he would continue to play his part, and also cooperate with like-minded patriots, in efforts dedicated towards bringing smiles and succour to the people. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.