Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State has dissolved the 11-year-old wedlock between a man, Salaudeen Muritala and Adeola Muritala. Salaudeen had sought for divorce on the grounds of theft, violence and waywardness by his wife. The plaintiff told the court he was no more interested in their marriage and thus pleaded with the court to annual it. He further prayed the court if his prayer was answered to grant him custody of their three children who were in the defendant’s custody. Adeola did not admit to claim. Salaudeen, while giving his evidence said: “My lord, I’m fed up with my wife. She is morally debased and not a good example to our children. “There is no disputing the fact that she would soon send me to my early grave due to her loose nature if I don’t halt our relationship. “My wife’s act is degrading. She obviously has no shame. Adeola jumps into bed with every man. Her wayward lifestyle is no more a secret in our compound. “I have often caught my wife with letters for which she could not convince me they were not from her lovers. “My lord, our son told me she shares our bed with a strange man every night when I’m at work. “Any time I try to call her attention to the bad precedent she was laying in the home, she would fight me and make our home a hell. “The last time I tabled the issue before her, she went irate, brought out a cutlass and threatened to cut me into pieces. She raised the cutlass but I dodged it and it landed on my phone which was on the table, smashing it into pieces. “My lord, I packed a few of my belongings and moved out of the house because it suddenly dawned on me that my life was no longer safe with her. Mike, Mayorkun unveiled as Budweiser ambassadors Anxiety and loss of appetite: What is the link? Royal Award excites Seyi Awolowo, Lateef Oladimeji, others Saboteurs reveal our security plans to killer bandits even… “Adeola later packed the remaining of my property with hers and moved out of our apartment, taking the key to the door along with her. “A few days after she moved out, her parents got me arrested with the police claiming that I threatened to pour acid on their daughter. “My lord, Adeola and her parents have ceased to let me have peace. I’m no more interested in our marriage. I pray that you separate us. I further plead with the court to grant me custody of our children in other that I might raise them uprightly, “the plaintiff stated. Adeola in her response said: “My lord, I’m not willing to leave my husband neither do I agree that he has custody of our children. They are young and still need the motherly care which my husband cannot provide. “Salaudeen is troublesome and tough in nature and it takes a level headed person to live with him peacefully. I have learnt to be tolerant and patient with him for the 11 years we have been married and this had to a large extent worked for me but my mother-in-law would not let me be. “She was in the habit of poisoning my husband’s heart against me which often led to misunderstanding and then scuffle between us. “My lord, my husband fought me; he beat me to a pulp before moving out of our home for no just cause. “I don’t have the key to the door of our apartment. It must have gotten lost when we were fighting. “I reported him at the police station because he threatened to pour acid on me,” the defendant told the court. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, dissolved their union and handed custody of their three children to the defendant. The plaintiff was mandated to pay the sum of N15, 000 monthly for their children’s upkeep. This he explained must be done in line with the court’s directives. He was also to be responsible for their education and health service. Odunade in addition to these instructed that he gave the defendant the sum of N3, 000 to move her property from his house. Both were advised to maintain peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE