The African Development Bank (AfDB) has thrown its weight behind the Ogun State government on its agricultural initiatives, stating that it will ensure the provision of infrastructural fundings for the development of agriculture in the state. Making this known in Abeokuta during a visit to the Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, AfDB’s President, Akinwumi Adesina who noted that one of the Bank’s five priorities is to feed Africa, also stated the Bank would provide buyers for the agricultural products of the state government through its agribusiness chain. Dr. Adesina lauded governor Abiodun for his passion for agriculture, assuring that the AfDB will support the State Government to achieve its goals in the agriculture sector. He said: “The governor has a clear strategy on that, and I assure him of my full support and that of the Bank in supporting their work. We would like to support them to create a special agro-industrial processing zone that would allow them to process all range of things from agricultural produce. Ogunbiyi resumes at UN, vows to  meet 2030 clean energy… Borno gov blasts soldiers on Damaturu-Maiduguri road over… Northern states should emulate Niger Republic on cultural… Soldier allegedly kills mother of five with knife, stabs own… “We are also looking at forest products as well. It is going to be very important, so I think that thinking has started. The commitment is there from my side and also from the governor’s side,” he said. Dr Adesina also noted that the special agro-processing zone will attract food and agribusinesses into rural areas that have already been enabled with basic infrastructures like water, power, and roads, adding that the rural dwellers will be able to add value to everything that is produced there. He said, “Feeding the continent requires making a business that would create wealth and also jobs and for reviving rural economic activities.” On his part, Governor Abiodun stated that to strengthen the AfDB plans on agriculture development, an Agro cargo Airport which will aid the easy transportation and movement of agricultural produce will be established to further trade growth. Also, an agriculture and wood processing zone will be created to diversify the state’s economy through tree plantation. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE