The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said that the education sector witnessed growth without development in 2019. The union’s National President, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, made the assessment in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday, saying that new educational institutions were established in 2019 with no concrete plans on how to equip them. Ogunyemi said, “It is like creating new potential crisis centres. When you talk of educational facilities at the primary, secondary or tertiary level, there is no evidence of the supply of ingredients that can enhance quality. “What we have, therefore, is a situation of concern about expansion and not concern about qualitative transformation of the sector. “We have seen a lot of drama around activities that border on expansion but did not see equal energy being channelled toward qualitative transformation. That is why we see the sector in the outgoing year as having witnessed growth without development.” How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC Ogunyemi said there is the need to focus more attention on existing institutions across the board to build qualitative manpower. “We should see them (governments) addressing the rot that currently permeates educational facilities at all levels in the country. “I dare say that state governments are not even looking into the direction of the Universal Basic Education Commission funds, because they are not willing to make available their counterpart funds. “ASUU has always argued that there are three elements that define the educational system of a country. These elements are access, quality and relevance.  We have only been dancing around the issue of expansion, which merely talks of access,” he said. The ASUU president described the education sector in 2019 as `motion without movement. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.