One of the holy books indicates that hope deferred makes the heart sick but a desire fulfilled is a tree of life. Hope that is delayed in its realisation sickens the heart but when it is realized, it comforts and then invigorates the body and soul. Just like the late legend Fela Anikulapo sang “suffering and smiling,” this has been the fate of many, on the teaching staff in various military schools in Nigeria. The situation in these schools especially Command School and Air Force Schools among others controlled by the military across the country, is pathetic and could be likened to a slave camp. Most of the temporary staff, otherwise called unregularised staff, have been working for close to 20 years without any plan to absorb them into the mainstream of the workforce as permanent staff of these schools. Many of them have the basic and minimum qualifications like the regular ones. In fact, it was on this basis that they were engaged. Some were engaged as teachers in various subjects, as non-academic staff, performing the same functions like the permanent staff, but they are not recognised or entitled to any welfare package other than the paltry sum that they receive at the end of the month which is not even regular. Those in this category were employed years back with the assurance that they would be given permanent employment whenever there was an opportunity to do so. They have been waiting in the wing for years, yet the military authorities have been employing and sending teachers to schools without considering those on the ground as temporary staff. This injustice has been on for a long time without any attempt to ameliorate the pathetic situation. It is amazing that the military could allow this kind of injustice in its schools. Over 30,000 PDP members defect to APC in Zamfara Okada: N30bn business that threatens Nigeria’s future Banditry Attacks: Niger gov. tasks security agencies to… Bus conductor in court for allegedly stealing two… There were so many assurances and promises from corps commandants, commandants and school inspectors, yet nothing has been done. From the look of things, absorbing these teachers and non-teaching staff is far above the power of those who are making unfruitful promises  only God and the Federal Government could intervene. Another snag is that if the Federal Government absorbs or regularises the appointment of these temporary teachers, what level will they start from? Level 8 or what level?  What happens to the wasted years? How would they be compensated? Will their appointment be backdated to the date written on their temporary appointment letters? In spite of this, the Ministry of Defence is still establishing military schools across the country. The question is who goes there? The simple answer is temporary teachers; and for how long? I call on the Federal Government to come to the aid of the Ministry of Defence and absorb the suffering and smiling unabsorbed staff in their schools, because they are teaching the future leaders of this great country and patronising the same market like the permanent staff. The Ministry of Defence should wake up to its responsibilities like every other ministry and do the needful by putting smiles on people’s faces.  Ibrahim Manaseh, Plateau State. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE