Governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress(APC) has expressed concern over the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) condemnation of the judgement of the Supreme Court which upturned the electoral mandate of its candidate in last March governorship election, Emeka Ihedioha and asked the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to issue Certificate of Return to the candidate of the APC, Senator Hope Uzodimma. National chairman of the PDP, Uche Secondus, at a press briefing, during the week, has rejected the judgement of the apex court and demanded that it reversed itself. The PDP national chairman also demanded the resignation of the Chief Justices of Nigeria, Tanko Mohammed. But the APC governors in a statement issued and signed by Kebbi state governor, who also is the chairman of the Progressives Governors Forum, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, viewed the stance of the main opposition party as an affront on the judicial institution which they noted was the sanctuary of democracy. ALSO READ: [UPDATE] Imo: We are waiting for answers, Ihedioha says while briefing PDP leadership The Progressives Governors further argued that the ruling party has in recent past lost its mandate to the PDP through the pronouncement of the Supreme Court but it never disparaged the judiciary. Bauchi: Coalition of unions expresses confidence ahead of… Imo: PDP criticises Oshiomhole for politicking injustice [UPDATE] Imo: We are waiting for answers, Ihedioha says… Apologise to Yoruba people, withdraw statement on Amotekun,… The statement titled, ”Stop Castigating the Judiciary,” read in part:” Following the verdict of the Supreme Court in respect of Imo State election petition, which declared Sen Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress as the winner of the March 9, 2019 Governorship election, the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) proclaimed the judgement as “miscarriage of justice” and alleged that the judiciary is “heavily compromised” and has “lost credibility”. ”These are depressing allegations coming from supposedly democratic leaders who should ordinarily be in the forefront of protecting and defending the judicial institution as the sanctuary of our democracy. It is contemptuous and disrespectful to our democracy. ”This is most unfortunate and condemnable. We call on Nigerians and all lovers of democracy in the country to rise to the defence of our democratic institutions, especially the judiciary. We must prevail on the PDP leadership and all politicians to exercise restraint by demonstrating unalloyed loyalty and respect for our democratic institutions, particularly our judiciary, which is the most important pillar of democratic governance. To allege that a judgement delivered by Supreme Court Judges is “procured” simply because it does not favour the PDP is an invitation to anarchy. ”It is on record that President Muhammadu Buhari has, at all times, stated his commitment to democracy and rule of law. Our party has lost elections we thought we will win. Equally, our party has been stopped from participation in elections by the judiciary, for example in Rivers State. The case of Zamfara where we won the election but the Supreme Court in its wisdom nullified all our votes and declared PDP candidates as winners is another experience. In addition, our party members have lost many cases, and even though our views differ from the judgement delivered, we do not disparage the judiciary, yet our views of the judgement differ from the court. ”As Progressive Governors, we hereby declare abiding faith in our judiciary and will at all times respect all decisions of our Judges at all levels no matter the circumstances. Our party and our members believe in the sanctity of our judicial institution as the last hope for justice for our people. “We wish to unequivocally state our resolve to work with all democrats in the country to ensure adequate protection of democratic governance by respecting all judgements from our courts!” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE