This year promises to be a ‘no-dulling’ year for movie lovers, especially those who derive pleasure in seeing Nigerian movies. There were several blockbusters movies, which dropped in the middle and towards the closing of 2019 that one can kick-start the New Year with. The Nigerian movie industry, also known as Nollywood, over the last decade has been striving towards improving their productions. This is to meet up with their contemporaries, as we can now observe in some of the best visuals that were released last year in the cinemas. Some of the movies I will be short-listing in this review have been very outstanding as they have distinguished themselves from other movies in both storyline and visual. They have been receiving a lot of accolades from viewers, locally and internationally. No doubt, these are ‘movies to beat’. One could watch them over and over again without getting bored. No wonder some of these movies have grossed over 150 million naira within a short period of their releases, while some also won big at the box office in 2019, with some pulling over 20 million naira within their first two days in Nigeria cinema houses. Below are the top five Nollywood movies in 2019 and also movies to start the New Year with: 1. Your Excellency Your Excellency is a social-media-driven political and comical movie that portrays the contemporary Nigerian society where social media and politics, coupled with entertainment, are fast becoming the deciding factors in our everyday lives. Written by Yinka Ogun, and produced by Isioma Osaje and James Amuta, the movie tells the story of Chief Olalekan Ajadi (Akin Lewis), a bumbling, billionaire businessman and failed presidential candidate, who is obsessed with Donald Trump. He becomes a credible contender through the power of social media. “Your Excellency” is a star-studded movie. It features star actors like Funke Akindele, Kemi ‘Lala’ Akindoju, Shaffy Bello, Kunle Coker, Eku Edewor, Osas Ighodaro, Deyemi Okanlawon, Ini Dima-Okojie, Chigul, Ikechukwu, Helen Paul and Toni Tones. It was directed by Funke Akindele-Bello, which makes it her directorial debut. The costume in this movie is rich, very clean visuals with a captivating storyline and was released. The movie is ranked twelfth overall on the list of highest-grossing Nigerian films of all time and is definitely a good movie to start the year with. 2. Living in Bondage: Breaking free Another blockbuster; this is one Nigerian movie in years that can be watched more than five times without getting tired. It is an action movie, a very fascinating one at that. It is full of suspense and you will never know where it ends until you watch it to the end. The sequel tells the story of Nnamdi Okeke, son of Andy Okeke from ‘Living In Bondage 1’, an ambitious young man who wants more out of life. The snag is, he can’t afford the kind of life he wants with his current income. An encounter with Chief Ibaka, a family friend with a notoriously dark past, opens the door to all he has dreamt about. But it all comes at a great price that will change his life forever. Ramsey Nouah added a very intriguing time to the movie by playing an unusual type of role, which makes the movie action-filled. Living in Bondage features legendary, Kanayo O Kanayo and Keneth Okonkwo. It also features Swanky JKA playing the main character, Nancy Isime, Shawn Faqua and other star actors. It is also rich in costume, with the usage of classy locations, fancy cars and jets. This movie is also Ramsey Nouah’s directorial debut and I must agree that it is a perfect way to start. Oyetola tasks security personnel on loyalty, integrity I can estimate financial value of victims from short… Tell herdsmen to vacate our land, Ekiti community begs govt Obasanjo, Soyinka, others for ‘Never Again… The movie, which was released last year, set box office records and ranked eighth overall on the list of highest-grossing Nigerian films of all time. It is beyond doubt a movie to watch in this New Year. ALSO READ:I can estimate financial value of victims from short distance ― Evans 3. Merry Men 2: Another Mission. When you hear of a cinema movie from Ayo Makun (AY Comedian) you know you cannot expect less, acknowledging the accolades received by his previous cinema movies like 30 Days in Atlanta, 10 Days in Sun City and of course, Merry Men 1: The Real Yoruba Demons. Even though a lot of viewers did not really enjoy seeing Merry Men 1, this sequel is absolutely a chartbuster! The movie features actors like Ayo Makun (Ay Comedian) himself, Damilola Adegbite, Folarin Falana (falz), Jim Iyke, Ramsey Nouah, Regina Daniels and Ex BBNaija housemate, Alex Asogwa. Things have changed for the charming foursome in the Merry Men 1. They’ve hung the boots on robbing the rich to give to the poor and now focus squarely on running their businesses. This is an action-packed movie which some regard as a ‘low-budget Fast and Furious movie’. The movie was directed by award-winning director, Moses Inwang, it is an action movie. I must say, the Nollywood is upping its action game. It is also ranked tenth overall on the list of highest-grossing Nigerian films of all time, and it is a movie to start the year with. 4. Sugar Rush Are you a guy and you think you will love seeing Merry Men, ladies should also see Sugar Rush. Sugar Rush features the trio of ex BBnaija housemate, Bisola Aiyeola, Bimbo Ademoye and Adesua Etomi Wellington as the ‘Sugar Sisters’. The movie was released on Christmas day and it is about the ‘Sugar Sisters’ who realise a whopping $800,000. The financial crimes commission and the supposed owners of the money come for them but the money is lost. To save themselves, and get back their abducted mother, they team up with two crime agents to re-steal the money from an affluent but dangerous man with supernatural powers. The movie also features Nigerian hip-pop star, Dbanj and top Nollywood stars like Zack Orji, Omoni Oboli, Toke Makinwa, Mawuli Gavor, Tobi Bakare, Nkem Owoh, Adedimeji Lateef, Mama Rainbow, and Bimbo Ademoye. The movie though was said to be filmed in just 14 days in locations around Lagos, Nigeria, is a movie to start the year with. The movie is also ranked twenty-seventh overall on the list of highest-grossing Nigerian films of all time. 5. Love is War Love is war is the earliest of the movies on this list to be released last year, but it is also another attention-grabbing movie to start the New Year with. The film is centered on a married elite couple (Omoni Oboli and Richard Mofe-Damijo) who run against each other for governor in the same state. It is a comedy-drama film to relax your day anytime any day, as it portrays what could happen in Nigerian political life. Storyline-wise, the movie goes down a path rarely explored by Nollywood and the casting is superb as it also features top Nollywood actors like Jide Kosoko, Akin Lewis, Bimbo Manuel, Toke Makinwa, Shaffy Bello, Femi Branch and many more. This movie, directed by Omoni Oboli herself, is also ranked forty-fourth overall on the list of highest-grossing Nigerian films of all. You can start your New Year with it. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE