We are at the beginning of a new year and we need to do everything possible to ensure we have a successful year. We must resolve to make this year our best year so far. Nothing just happens in life, preparation is an indispensable ingredient in any success story. The key to avoiding poor performance in anything is adequate preparation so if this year will be successful adequate and effective preparation is indispensable. Preparation will greatly eliminate struggle from our lives this year. “Preparation is the key to leadership success. The more prepared you are the less your struggle to make it happen and the more your effectiveness!” Israelmore Ayivor This year must not be like other years. This year must be a successful one. This year must be a great year. Preparing to have a successful year is a lot of work but it guarantees the future. We must not be hasty to just jump into the year without planning. If we place great premium on planning we put ourselves in the class of people who are working deliberately to make success a legacy. “Planning ahead is a measure of class. The rich and even the middle class plan for future generations, but the poor can plan ahead only a few weeks or days.” Gloria Steinem VIDEO: Pandemonium as pipeline explodes in Lagos Supreme Court to deliver judgment in Kano, Sokoto guber… Northern Youth Forum appoints Bowen VC as ‘Garkuwan… PDP condemns APC’s defense of Imo guber judgement In our bid to prepare to have a successful year we need to do certain things. We must do an effective review of last year. We need to look back and see where we missed it and where we got it right. An accurate view of the past will help us get set for a better future. When we review the past we must do it right. We review to correct our errors and we review to build on our successes. We must know where we are coming from to be able to get to where we are going. As we proceed into the year we need to know where to channel our resources. We must have predetermined results and achievements toward which we will direct our effort and resources towards. This is where goal setting comes in. “All who have accomplished great things have had a great aim, have fixed their gaze on a goal which was high, one which sometimes seemed impossible.” Orison Swett Marden We need to set goals to guide, monitor and evaluate our progress in the year. Our goals must be written and cover major areas of our lives – health, family, spiritual life, career/business, finances etc. The way goals are vital to a football match must be the way goals must be to us this year. Everything in a football match revolves round goals. All the players are focused on goals. The success of the match is determined by the goals. Living life this year without goals is living dangerously and is actually irresponsible living.  TO BE CONTINUED STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE