The Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has enjoined traditional rulers in the SouthWest to throw their weight behind the Western Nigerian Security Network codenamed: “Operation Amotekun” to enable the outfit to see the light of the day. Adams made the call on Sunday in a release made available to newsmen, noting that it was obvious that since the launch of the security outfit, crimes being perpetrated in the zone had diminished and gradually going into extinction, hence, the need to ensure its sustenance on a permanent basis. Aare Adams equally enjoined all House of Assemblies in SouthWest to pass into law the establishment of the security outfit, within two weeks “like what had happened in some northern states on Hisbah Commission and Civilian JTF in Bornu State.” “As we can see and observe, since the launch of Amotekun a few weeks ago, criminal activities are gradually going into oblivion, examples include kidnapping, invasion of farmlands and other social vices. The existence of Amotekun is now the beginning of wisdom,” Iba Adams said. ALSO READ: Focus on access to power, Sahara Group urges investors in UK, Africa Speaking further, the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland Iba Gani Adams argued that the Minister of Justice and Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, goofed to have described “Operation Amotekun” as an illegal security outfit, when similar security outfits such as Hisbah operates in Nassarawa, Kano and Katsina states in northern part of the country. Amotekun: Yoruba group to hold peaceful protest Tuesday Apologise to Yoruba people, withdraw statement on Amotekun,… I did not shun ‘Operation Amotekun’ launch, says… Technology may fail operation ‘Amotekun’ in… He emphasised that the minister had no moral justification to discredit Amotekun at the expense of similar network operational in the North, stressing that, if he found Amotekun illegal, he should also admit same for Hisbah in the North. Adams, however, advised the SouthWest governors not to go to court, but rather the minister should do so to seek court’s pronouncement on the matter. Reacting to former Governor Balarabe Musa’s comments on Amotekun, Adams pointed out that, the fear of the North was that the existence of Amotekun could jeopardise their conquest agenda, stressing that this was so because their leaders were not for good governance, but conquest agenda. He expressed satisfaction with North’s comment on Oodua People’s Congress (OPC), saying such was borne out of fear that the group would not compromise on the issue of security. “Let me say this clearly, the emergence of Amotekun is the beginning of wisdom, and the fear of the Northern oligarchy is that the existence of Amotekun may jeopardise their conquest agenda. They are not for good governance, but interested in their plan towards conquest agenda,” he said. Raising some posers for Balarabe, Adams queried: “The Hisbah and Civilian JTF in the North, is the plot to establish the Arewa Republic? Since criminal Fulanis have been killing people for the past four years, even when they overran Falae’s farmland, has he (Balarabe) come to pay a condolence visit to Olu Falae, as his friend or make a statement of condolence to the South- West?” “As a former governor in Nigeria, when has he become a spokesman for the North, that he is now addicted to condemning any good initiative from the South- West. It is on record that he is the only former governor in Nigeria, who operates a one-man show, he has no followership,” he added. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE