An Osun State High Court on Friday sentenced two men to death by hanging for murder. Judge Jide Falola of Osun State High Court in the Ikirun Judicial Division today sentenced two men to death by hanging. The three accused persons namely Orisakunle Abiodun (21), Opadokun Olayinka (29) and Femi Aroyehun (24) were arraigned on the 22nd January 2018 on a two-count charge of conspiracy and murder. They were charged for conspiracy to commit murder, an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 324 of the Criminal Code Law, Cap. 34, Vol. 2, Laws of Osun State and murder contrary to Section 316 (1) and punishable under Section 319 (1) of the same Criminal Code Law of Osun State. ALSO READ: Ondo missing child: Prophet remanded again, as magistrate bars journalists from proceedings However, all the accused persons pleaded not guilty to the two-count charges. The prosecution counsel from Ministry of Justice Barrister Philips Afolayan called three witnesses to prove his case, including Oladipupo Damilare, Seargent Aina Clement and Sergeant Josephine Erokpo. The deceased, Adeoye Matthew was returning from work alongside his friend, Oladipupo Damilare, on 9th March 2017 along the road around Babjo Secondary School, Idi- Iroko Area, Ikirun. 2 to die by hanging for murder in Osun Osun West senator eulogises Bisi Akande at 81 Two persons allegedly abducted in Osun Lawyer, son docked for alleged N1m fraud in Osun Orisakunle Abiodun brushed the deceased with a motorcycle he was riding and an argument ensued between them and the two friends. In the process, some young men popularly known as Olowoaiye Boys in the area intervened and took sides with Orisakunle Abiodun. After some further altercations between the two sides, the Orisakunle and his supporters chased the two friends who eventually fled in different directions. The mob eventually caught up with the deceased and lynched him, inflicting grievous wounds on his head and left him half dead, just as nearby residents reported the attack to the police who came to the scene and evacuated the victim to Araromi Hospital, Ikirun where he later died on the same day. Barrister Afolayan also tendered the extra-judicial statements of the nominal complainants as well as those of the three accused persons in evidence. The accused persons entered their defence and each gave evidence for himself without calling any witnesses. Delivering his judgement, Justice Jide Falola held that the prosecution counsel had proved his case beyond a reasonable doubt and subsequently found Orisakunle Abiodun and Opadokun Olayinka guilty of two count charges preferred against them. The judge, however, discharged and acquitted Femi Aroyehun on the two-count charges of conspiracy and murder. Meanwhile, counsel to the convicts, Barrister L. S. Bello appealed to the court to temper justice with mercy. Justice Falola hereby sentenced the duo (Orisakunle and Opadokun) accordingly to five years imprisonment for conspiracy and death by hanging for murder. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE