Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has restated the resolve of his administration to work in a manner that would make a tangible difference in the lives of the people of Ekiti State. Speaking at the 2020 Inter-Religious Thanksgiving service held at the Government House, Ado Ekiti on Tuesday, the governor said his government was poised to implement plans aimed at ensuring rapid all-round development of the State. Fayemi who stressed the need for proper planning said government’s resources are not limitless hence the decision of his administration to put in place adequate plans within available resources to enable the State witness unfettered development in 2020 which he described as the year of the deliverables. ALSO READ: Talks of 2023 succession premature ― Tinubu 66 Oyo primary schools to benefit from UBEC programme Man butchers fellow man, eats his testicles, body parts Tawari attack: Senator Adeyemi meets NEMA, seeks immediate… Uniport undergraduate wins Princewill’s Trust December… The governor who read the Bible lesson for the service from John 13 vs 12-17, expressed optimism that the new year would witness the actualisation of visions and miracles for the State. According to him, “Ten years ago we were talking about vision 2020, now the year 2020 itself is here. Have we achieved all that we planned for, have we achieved all that we prayed for, have we achieved all that we wanted when we started vision 2010? Of course, our God is a God of planning, he is not an accidental God and that is why we also must plan and put in prayers for the work that we want to do because what God says is that we should work and pray.” “God did not just say pray and pray. I know that we are ready, we are determined to work in a manner that would make tangible difference in the lives of all our people so that we would have cause to celebrate his blessings in our midst and to demonstrate that we are indeed his children who have seen favour in the eyes of God.” While praying God to make the year that of peaceful and prosperous, the governor urged Ekiti people to shun any misguided utterances that can cause disaffection and division; adding that “if we have prosperity without peace, all will be nought.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE