In the ecstatic mood of his fourth year coronation anniversary, the Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Abdul Rasheed Akanbi has announced an end to the feud between him and a prominent indigene of the town, Chief Abiola Ogundokun. At the unveiling of the Telu Square which he just constructed, the Oluwo said the credit of the truce should be awarded to the Governor of Osun State, Alhaji Adegboyega Oyetola, whom, he said, was the instrument for the peace. Breaking the development down, the Oluwo said he had visited the Government House in Osogbo on Wednesday where Chief Ogundokun met him and the governor brokered the truce in what he called good faith. “Right there in his office, His Excellency said it was high time we ended the rift. And for a governor who has honoured me on different occasions, I had to reciprocate his gestures by embracing Chief Ogundokun. Any honour which Governor Oyetola gives me is an honour to the entire people of Iwo. Because of this, it is all over. We are in a new dawn in Iwo when beautiful things like this square will be coming to the town,” he said. In his speech, Governor Oyetola urged the people of Iwo to support the Oluwo and also show understanding to his administration, promising to honour his campaign promises. He said work had since commenced on the Iwo-Osogbo highway and called for patience while the construction lasts. Oyetola brokers peace between warring Oluwo and Ogundokun Federal College of Education: Oluwo cries to Buhari Oluwo places curse on anybody that criticises him over his… Bowen donates 18-seater Toyota Hiace bus to Oluwo in council ALSO READ: Adamawa journalist abducted, body found dumped behind office The governor also encouraged the youths to be creative and shun acts that would pit them against the law, saying his administration is committed to bequeathing a better future to the youths and other residents of the state. Ten beneficiaries of the Oluwo economic empowerment scheme received a sum of N100,000 each during a presentation made by Governor Oyetola amidst ovation. “This empowerment scheme is just a tip of the iceberg in my resolve to reduce poverty with my little resources. When I came to the throne four years ago, I made it known that I would always work to complement the efforts of each government because I am exposed enough to know that the workload on government is too enormous, the Oluwo said. Dignitaries who attended the unveiling of the gold-painted Telu Square included the Deputy Governor of Osun State, Mr Benedith Adegboyega, the Chief of Staff, Mr Gbenga Adebusuyi, former Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Moshood Adeoti and traditional rulers STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE