A Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), under the auspices of Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre (CISLAC), has said that over 9000 children are currently suffering from acute malnutrition in Jigawa State. The CISLAC program manager, Chioma Kanu, made the assertion in Kano, at a retreat for relevant committees in Jigawa State Assembly on prevention and treatment of ‘Severe Acute Malnutrition’ (SAM) as a child right, which she added that called for a serious concern and concerted efforts of the lawmakers to ensure a proper legislation on funding to address the situation. She stated that the retreat became pertinent so as to create awareness amongst the legislature on the adverse effects of malnutrition on children and society at large which will spur them to rise up to the challenge. There is need for necessary policy formulation from the legislature geared towards addressing the issue of malnutrition in the state hence, the need to have a round table discussion with relevant stakeholders from the state so as to build a stronger synergy to tackle the deficiency. Kanu further stated that the retreat also is an avenue to remind those in the office about promises made during campaigns to tackle acute malnutrition. Speaking in the same vein, Mrs Roseling Ronke Gabriel, however, disclosed that the severe malnutrition, if not properly curtailed and addressed with proper Ready¬to–use Therapeutic Food, it would lead untimely death of innocent children. ALSO READ: Senate to probe $396m spent on turnaround maintenance of refineries BREAKING: WHO declares coronavirus outbreak global health… Omo-Agege tasks youths on good use of social media Chieftaincy tussle claims 3 lives in Kogi Fake drugs worth N30m confiscated by Kano agency She further noted that malnutrition impedes physical growth and cognitive development of the child, with no fewer than 2.5 children affected in Northern Nigeria However, while speaking on the occasion, Chairman House Committee on Health, Hon. Aliyu Ahmad, said the state government is committed to addressing the issue of malnutrition in the state as it has allocated the sum of N100 million for the procurement of Ready-to-Use Therapeutic Foods (RUTF) and other necessities needed materials. According to him, the state assembly will do all within its powers to come up with policies to help in the fight against malnutrition just as the state assembly has set aside N150 Million to combat the deficiency. He further disclosed that the state government would be engaged to find a lasting solution to the problem, saying that with this retreat, we have been fully equipped and ready to act on malnutrition issues.” However, in a communiqué issued at the end of the retreat and signed by Hon. Ahmad, said while malnutrition reduces the GDP of a nation by 8 per cent, Nigeria records the highest burden of malnutrition in Africa. Other issue stated in the communiqué said the dread impact of malnutrition include monumental economic and productivity losses irreparable potential loss increased susceptibility to communicable disease and other infections. The forum then listed recommendations to tackle the disease to include adequate exclusive breastfeeding to enhance the physical and cognitive development of a child for productive and fulfilling life. Others include monitoring and tracking of related nutrition issues at constituency levels by members of the state house of assembly for well-formed and proactive legislative intervention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE