THIS is the era of technological advancement with various digital improvements taking place around the continent. Therefore, there is urgent need for the use of digital solutions to address agricultural challenges across the globe to transform agriculture, strengthen the extension delivery systems and open up communication channels between government and farmers, especially small holder farmers. Web-based applications can used to bridge the information gap in the agricultural seed sector and connect seed producers to their customers on its numerous  benefits and the app can  also serve as a means of registration for the seed producers as well as certification  helping the seed businessman. For the past five years, the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture, on its cassava weed management projects, has been using the APP and the 3-2-1 toll free code, which was created to solve farmers’ challenges in cassava production and it has increased the income of the farmers. 2020: President Buhari’s New Year message to Nigerians How APC rigged Ekiti LG poll —Oguntuwase, PDP chair For this year to be happy …PDP lost woefully for failing to prepare —Ekiti APC… Also, the extension agents in the agricultural development programmes and the Federal Ministry of Agriculture, should be able to train some of the  small holder farmers  on the different technology involved in  weed management , planting practices, the  basics of agronomy, farming systems,  good  mechanisation practices, livestock feed formulations , grazing establishment  and also disseminate  the basic technology involve with relevant information, innovations and good  cultural practices. This will enable various farmers to double their production and increase all forms of agricultural productivity and enhancement of livestock production to increase farm yields per hectare and provide income.  The government should also be able to develop a training manual, framework for each of the extension agents, discuss and identify the farmers training needs, while some of the agricultural coordinators, agricultural focal persons, non-governmental organizations, universities and technicians should be able to organize  training programmes for farmer – based organizations inthe coming years. talentupgradeglobalconcept@gmail.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.