People’s Democratic Party (PDP) Chieftain, Delta State, Chief Sunny Onuesoke, has faulted the position of the Federal Government on the SouthWest security outfit, Amotekun. He described the Federal Government’s position as not only unfair but at variance with the principle of egalitarianism being preached by the present All Progressives Congress (APC)-led administration. Onuesoke made this known on Thursday in Ibadan, Oyo State during a security workshop. He noted that the use of village hunters and vigilance personnel adopted by the security outfit presented the best form of community policing. The PDP Chieftain stated that the grassroots-oriented and bottom-up structured as well as an all-involving security framework, which Amotekun presents, was the ideal policing framework for modern policing to checkmate emerging criminality in rural and remote communities. Onuesoke argued that it was out of place for the Attorney General of the Federation, Mr Abubakar Malami to conclude that the machinery setting up Ametokun was unconstitutional when the Civil Defence, Civilian JTF and sharia police that are of similar background and outlook were already in existence. He maintained that the right to preserve and protect one’s life could never be in the exclusive list of any government. ALSO READ: Oyo govt issues stop-work order on two public schools Gunmen kill another PDP chieftain in Delta Delta prohibits protests to oil firms’ locations 28-year-old accuses cop of stripping her naked, unlawful… Oboro congratulates Okowa on victory at Supreme Court “Why do people employ guards in their houses? For security. Why do Community Development Associations (CDAs) employ guards to secure streets and areas? “To ensure protection of lives and property. Is that initiative in the exclusive list of the constitution? No,” he noted. He pointed out that the Federal Government was expected to complement the efforts of the South-west governors rather than an outright rejection and condemnation of the security outfit. “As far as I am concerned, Amotekun could be illegal but only if the Nigerian police are up to the task of protecting the lives and property of the citizenry. Are they? Far from it. “So it becomes common sense to come together and secure our homes and property. This shouldn’t give anyone sleepless night, as a matter of fact it should be supported and commended unless it goes against the lay down rules. “If security is the exclusive preserve of the federal government as disclosed by Malami, why do state governors have security vote?. “Security is daily becoming a big challenge in Nigeria, because of the lack of intelligence gathering and follow up actions, amongst the relevant security outfits and this is where Operation Amotekun fits in,” he stated. Onuesoke, however, called on all South-West residents and Nigerian youths at large to remain calm and be peaceful as ever “even as they await the position of the South-West governors and their consultations with the Federal Government on the matter.’’ STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE