Judging from what the country has been going through since May 29, 1999 when the military left political power, do you think we have been making a steady progression critical sectors? In the last 20 years, Nigeria as a nation, has witnessed the good, the bad and the ugly. In terms of democracy, we have enjoyed the prestige of democracy as a nation, but in terms of globally accepted standards of electoral process, Nigeria is still extremely far behind. The democracy that we have today is not the one that is achievable through the electorate’s vote but through the superior gangsterism of the electoral gladiators; ability to buy votes; to steal votes and to bribe the judiciary. So, the votes of the voters, which is the core tenants of democracy, has not yet counted in Nigeria. Therefore, what we are practising is jungle democracy. In the area of Infrastructure, the nation has gone backward. Though there are more roads constructed, they are in a bad shape. The nation has witnessed more darkness as a result of the ineptness of the public electricity company. Unemployment has been on the increase; terrorism has crept in to stay; crimes such as arm robbery, human ritual killings, kidnapping, human trafficking, political violence, public infrastructure vandalism, secret cult terrorism, examination malpractices, rape, corruption among public office holders and politically motivated crimes, among many others, have increased geometrically. The image of Nigeria has nose-dived thus making us a laughing stock in the international arena. The Naira that was once a global prestige has, today, almost become a national disgrace, making it one of the least rated currencies in the world. So, the last 20 years has been good for a few Nigerians, but has been a hell for most Nigerians.  You probably believe certain things ought to have done differently to restore public confidence in the system. What do you consider as the missing links since 1999 of democratic practice? There are several missing links in the democratic practice in Nigeria and they include but not limited to the following: firstly, the process of selecting candidates through the party primaries is corrupt, globally unacceptable and is in disagreement with conventional democratic practices in the world. The cost of picking nomination forms at all levels, is too expensive and creates room for only the super-rich thus scheming outing other qualified aspirants. Secondly, the electoral umpire cannot be referred to as unbiased. The electoral umpire has been continually been accused of compromise and outright partiality. Thirdly, the voter’s right to vote is usually infringed upon during elections through vote buying, violence at polling booths and inflation of numbers of votes by election umpires. Fourthly, the outright refusal to use the electronic voting system, which is practicable through the card reader machine, is one of the greatest crimes against democracy in Nigeria. Fifthly, the judiciary has not helped matters when it comes to election matters. The judiciary is always blind and tilts towards the highest bidders or to superior fire powers. All these make the current democracy a mere civilian style of government and not democracy or could best be referred to as gangsterism democracy.  Having realised the importance of institutions in strengthening democratic practice, one expects the authorities to go beyond rhetoric on the issue. Or do you believe they are taking taken serious steps to create and nurture institutions that grow and deepen democracy? The different authorities in Nigeria are virtually the beneficiaries of electoral malpractices and gangsterism democracy. They will want the status quo ante maintained and will therefore not have the sincerity of intention and action to create and nurture institutions that will grow and deepen democracy in Nigeria. Simply because such institutions if well nurtured will result in the practice of good and ideal democracy and this will challenge the existing establishment. Therefore, the present authorities will not want to fund and nurture what will challenge the current status quo of which they are beneficiaries.  Now, let’s go into specifics like the economy, electoral reform, fight against corruption and the rule of law in the context of strengthening critical institutions that can deepen democracy in the country? The economy is at the lowest ebb in reality. But on paper and theory, we say we are the largest economy in Africa. What are the evidences? Is it in the large scale unemployment, high inflation, debasing of the national currency, dearth of public infrastructure, extinction of companies, being about the lowest salary-paying nation in the world, being unable to pay the salaries of workers or being the world capital of poverty? Nigeria and the majority of Nigerians are suffering and living in crass penury, despite the huge incomes from the nation’s oil and gas. If we are actually strong economically, why are Nigerians volunteering to be slaves in Libya, preferring to die while cross the Mediterranean Sea; preferring to die in South Africa; preferring to be insulted in Ghana and Eastern African countries; preferring to be domestic staff in the Gulf nations? All these are signs of mismanaged and failed economy. Some years ago, we were well ahead of South Africa, the Gulf nations, including the United Arab Emirate and Saudi Arabia. Our currency was higher than that of the United States of America. Is that the situation today? The answer is simply no. Economically, Nigeria is awaiting damnation. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC The country is not doing anything about electoral reform because those who are in places to enforce such reform feel threaten by the reform and therefore will prefer the status quo. The fight against corruption is just a film trick, an optical illusion, a fight against political opponents and perceived enemies. If the fight against corruption is effective, Nigeria would have been better than this. It is just a case of, quoting Ay Kwe Armah’s The Beautiful Ones are not Yet Born, where he states whenever there is a change of government in Africa, it is just a mere change of looters and the hunter becoming the hunted. That is what the fight against corruption in Nigeria is. There is no rule of law in Nigeria. People are detained at will by those in power; court orders are not obeyed by those in government if it is not at their convenience. Even individuals no longer obey court orders, thus making our courts almost like mere rubber stamps. The way to get out of this quagmire are firstly, through digital voting – where the votes will count and those elected will become responsive and responsible to the electorate; where they can be held accountable for their actions and inactions whereby the voice of the people becomes the voice of God. Secondly, the effectiveness and impartiality of the law enforcement agents, whereby just like in the United States, Israel, and other civilised countries where no one is above being questioned or investigated by the law enforcement agents. Thirdly, the judiciary must be independent, fearless and incorruptible. Fourthly, when an incumbent government loses power, it should be able to hand over to the winner.  From the way you have spoken, almost all Nigerians, especially voters cannot absolve themselves from the crisis facing the country because they are always willing to be compromised during elections? The voters are helpless. They have been held captives. They have been compromised, frightened and deprived. The electorate cannot be held responsible for the poor democratic practice in Nigeria. The voters actually vote but their votes do not count. This has created a situation of voter apathy and candidates always cash in on this. The electorate is not a culprit, but a victim.  A number of people are worried about the future of the country because of what they perceived as the worrisome challenges confronting the nation. What is your view on the situation? The future of Nigeria from the current scheme of things is not bright. There are no genuine plans to grow and develop a sustainable economy. The security architecture is threatened; the rate of organised terrorism is on the increase; unemployment is on the rise; religious intolerance is sky-rocketing; ethnically-motivated violence is on the increase; celebration of ill-gotten wealth is on the rise’ electoral malpractice has become the order of the day; corruption among public office holders have become a norm;. The sanity, integrity and independence of the judiciary have been eroded; rule of law has become a mere fable. The economy is continually on nose-diving; the Nigerian currency has gradually become a leprous in the international arena and the green passport is treated with disdain outside Nigeria. All these put together make Nigeria a nation that is seismically awaiting political and social volcanic eruption. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.