A middle aged woman, Ganiyat Abiodun, has dragged her husband, Lateef Abiodun to court, seeking that it put an end to the 25-year-old relationship between both of them. Ganiyat accused her husband of constantly accusing her of adultery. She added that he was violent, destructive and was in the habit of beating him. The plaintiff further appealed to the court if her prayer was answered to grant her custody of their four children whose welfare her husband had always made her responsibility. The defendant refused to come to court after being served two court summonses. Ganiyat while giving her evidence stated that:”My lord, the only thing I have regret about in life is my marriage to my husband. Our 25-year-old marriage is daily wrought with crisis. Lateef has ceased to give me rest of mind. “My husband is the jealous type. He accuses me of infidelity and raises the dust any time he sees me with the opposite sex. He ends up beating me to a pulp. “I always demand for a proof to back up his accusation but he has never been able to produce any. I told him I was ready to swear but he refused to create an avenue for it. He always boasts he’s skilled in art of sleeping with other people’s wives and therefore knows if a woman is an adulterer. Ex-Generals, other retired military officers back Amotekun Service chiefs: We’ll deal with all threats FG, States indebted to the tune of N26trn in 2019 —DMO Buhari promises to bequeath free, fair elections to… “According to him, while working in Lagos, he was used to having illicit affair with his friends’ wives without his friends suspecting him. “I built my house and moved into it two years ago and had been living in it peacefully before he came back from Lagos and moved in with me. “My lord, my husband took to fighting me and destroying my property any time we fought. He  swore he was going to set my house ablaze. “He once broke my leg and I was incapacitated for a while. At another time, he threatened to pour acid on me so that I would no more look adorable to my said lovers. “My lord, Lateef and I once fought and he held my throat and almost strangled me. I retaliated after he had released me by throwing a plate of hot amala into his face. “He started removing his belongings from my house one after the other and finally packed out what was remaining of his property yesterday. “My lord, I don’t want to end up in jail as a result of murder. It’s possible to mistakenly kill him while defending myself during a scuffle or that he brought to be his threat to pour acid on me. “I, therefore, appeal to this honourable court to rule that we part ways. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE