Lagos State government said the delay to take definitive action against illegal operations of commercial motorcycles and tricycles on restricted routes across the state is borne out of the need to achieve a generally acceptable solution to the menace. The revelation followed a 4-hour Security Council meeting chaired by the governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and attended by all commanders of security agencies in the state. Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Gbenga Omotoso, while briefing newsmen covering the State House, said the government’s delayed action against the restriction of motorcycles and tricycles was informed by the need to achieve a generally acceptable solution to the menace. ALSO READ: Tambuwal calls for calm over Supreme Court adjournment of ruling The commissioner said that relevant parties and stakeholders had reached out to the government with suggestions and representation that could be adopted to proffer a win-win solution on the matter. According to him, the Security Council is currently considering the suggestions and recommendations submitted to the government before coming up with definite plans on the Okada menace. Oshodi-Abule Egba BRT corridor ready in May ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos records 1500 tricycles accidents from 2015 till 2019 Urban regeneration: Sanwo-Olu visits Isale Eko, Onala,… Obasanjo, Soyinka, others for ‘Never Again… “We have just concluded our routine security meeting, during which issue of Okada and tricycles was discussed exhaustively,” he said, declaring that, “For now, no major decision will be taken on the matter.” “There are several factors for this development, but the main reason is to reckon with various opinions expressed by stakeholders. “So many people have made representations to the government concerning commercial motorcycles and tricycles, including human rights groups, unionists and traders. They came up with many reasonable observations; all their views have been collated and are being considered. “We feel it would not be good enough for the government to make the final decision on the matter without considering the opinions of the stakeholders. That would be against the spirit of democracy for which the Sanwo-Olu administration stands,” Omotoso stated. The commissioner, while saying that decisions to be taken on the matter would reflect the views of all stakeholders and wishes of concerned residents, assuring that security of lives of Lagos residents and safety of visitors remained paramount to Sanwo-Olu’s government. According to the Commissioner, the ongoing enforcement of the extant Traffic Laws and Okada restriction will go on, pending the final decisions of the Security Council, adding that advocacy was currently on-going to sensitise riders of Okada and tricycles on the need to obey traffic laws. At the briefing was the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mrs Folashade Jaji; Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General, Mr Moyo Onigbanjo, and Commissioner for Transport, Dr Fredric Oladehinde. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE