Lagos Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) said it will soon commence on a campaign tagged: #HallofFame and #WallofShame, aimed at recognising efforts of individuals whose activities promote environmental cleanliness in the state, while also naming and shaming residents who indulge in reckless waste disposal. LAWMA disclosed this on Sunday in a release made available to newsmen, following the arrest and sentencing to community service by a mobile court of some persons caught disposing waste in unauthorised locations in the state. It warned that days of condoning littering and indiscriminate waste disposal in the metropolis were over, adding that apart from carrying out community service, environmental offenders would be named and shamed, using the agency’s social media handles and other public communication channels. ALSO READ: Nigeria targets top 70 World Bank EoDB index by 2023 LAWMA engages 20 physically challenged persons as sweepers Oyo govt arrests 650 environmental offenders This was just as the authority reminded residents of Governor Sanwo-Olu’s Executive Order on zero tolerance to traffic and environmental infractions, stressing that ignorance of the law should never be an excuse to engage in acts capable of causing harm to the environment and the people. LAWMA further said it had embarked on various media advocacy programmes and community sensitisation campaigns across the state to educate residents on the need to imbibe the culture of effective waste management in their localities. It appealed to parents to properly guide their children and wards against harmful environmental practices, warning that anyone caught dumping waste indiscriminately under the cover of darkness would be made to face the full wrath of the law, as the agency’s waste policing is effective 24/7 and would not spare any defaulters. It enjoined to embrace recycling and the waste-to-wealth initiatives of the state government, saying such an approach would not only make the environment cleaner and safer but also provide a viable means of income. It further enjoined Lagosians to promptly contact the agency using the toll-free line 07080601020, for complaints and relevant information. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE