It comes as a surprise that some people question the United States decision to put Nigeria on a watch list because of religious fundamentalism, which no-one politician has been able to rein in. Matter of fact, the body language of some people even gives vent to radicalism. Religious turbulence in Nigeria over time has lead to the death of many people. No doubt the Nigerian State has passed through tough times; we are indeed not a serious people. How can Nigeria be hijacked by demagogues bold enough to kill people even when a curfew is in force many times in the past. Here is a country where cattle are valued more than human lives, yet we make mince-meat about a directive that should make us a civilized people away from the burden of failed leadership. The bunglers in Nigeria are bungling the opportunity to bring people out of extraordinary tough times. Nigerians resort to prayers and live at the mercy of God, It is so clear to see that there is no security in the country. Folks can come on air to give reasons why they killed human beings there isn’t a security tab on people, groups known for notoriety, paving the way for them to emerge out of the shadows to lead a country back to the netherworld. The United States government appears to be more apprehensive about the welfare of Nigerian citizens than even the Nigerian government. Nigerians need to support the hammer so that government will put in place mechanisms to monitor the tirades of radical clerics. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC On compensation of Ita-Osu market fire victims Here is a country where religious zealots are on the loose dangerously type-casting people for no crime other than as a result of accidents of birth and faith? Dangerous clericalisms by religious preachers on the loose without control have gone on for too long in this country. What the US government seeks to do is to promote a culture of religious tolerance, ban discrimination, reprimand defaulters and make the country a country for all regardless of religious leanings of the people. If this had been done from the get-go during the military era, many other northern states wouldn’t have been hijacked by religious zealots at every corner and bend and it is the reason we are battling with insurgency and other problems in Nigeria is no other than the carte blanche given to the Nigerian to do anything however illogical. The US government should be commended and not condemned. In today’s Nigeria, religion is used as a tool by the incompetent. Gone are the days when children of different faiths in the north slept and ate with their  neighbours, sharing joys; the days when people interacted but not on the basis of religion. Now religion has been elevated negatively, not for the good of society but for some selfish and mundane considerations. Thanks to religion, the north where people once cohabited is now a fractious divide. Is this truly a country? All even-handed people should encourage that the US government on a mission should stop the divisive twaddle that has hoodwinked many with dull speculative resume.  Simon Abah,  Abuja. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.