Newly-removed Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha, met with the national leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Saturday in Abuja, telling them that he is waiting for answers over the manner the Supreme Court reached its judgment. However, he said the ruling will not shake his faith in Nigeria, democracy and the PDP but will instead, strengthen his resolve as an individual. Ihedioha, whose mandate has now been handed over to Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressive Congress (APC) by the apex court, admonished that no one should celebrate his ouster as it is time to do a sober reflection. He advised the leadership of the main opposition party to remain resolute in their quest to ensure the deepening of democratic ideals in the country Ihedioha said: “This is a replica of the kind of attention the event of that black Tuesday 14th January resonated across the country. We are as shocked as yourselves, it was never anticipated. All legal pundits and democratic watchers never imagined and anticipated. So, for us it remains a mystery. ALSO READ: Anambra South: Justice will be served ― Senator Ubah “But we take solace in the Book of Ecclesiastics 3:1 that to everything, there is a season and time for every purpose under heaven. “I believe that that event will define obviously our democracy. I am certain that the judiciary and electoral system are well aware that they are on trial. And what is fundamental about this, that the facts of the matters as it relates to Imo state governorship election, the foundation of our democratic processes, is that the elections in Imo were closely monitored, well advertised and everybody in Nigeria followed it through. “The results were very clear, the electoral umpire still has the results, and INEC has stated clearly that the results in question and the figures are not summing up. “It is not about Emeka Ihedioha, it is not about Imo state, its about the future of our country and democracy. It is about what do we do tomorrow. Do you go into an electoral process without having an idea? It has to be resolved one way or the other. “I am calm and we are calm, and that is why you see in Imo, there is calmness. The calmness is coming out of shock, it is coming out of belief. It is coming out if the fact that people are saying, let us still see, can this be possible! We are waiting for answers and I believe there will be answers.” While committing the situation to hand of God, the former governor assured that he will remain resolute to the ideals of the PDP. He added: “This will make history in many ways and so this is a historical process, historical action, and I am sure there will be historical answers at the end of the day. “I want to assure you that we will remain resolute and committed to the ideals of our great party. And I want to say that that event will not put into question our faith in the Nigerian nation. “It will not question our commitment to democracy, it will rather strengthen our resolve to match forward and make Nigeria a greater nation. Bauchi: Coalition of unions expresses confidence ahead of… Imo: PDP condemnation of Supreme Court, recipe for anarchy ―… Imo: PDP criticises Oshiomhole for politicking injustice Anambra South: Justice will be served ― Senator Ubah “And I am certain that from the events of that day, Nigeria will emerge a stronger and greater country. “I want to urge you to continue to work with all lovers of democracy across board so that we can all put our heads together and match forward. “This is not the time to celebrate, I pity anyone who is celebrating that sad event. If anyone is celebrating, that person is not a student of democracy. “Our forefathers worked so hard to get us to where we are, and that is indisputable. So at a time like this, what are we bequeathing to the future generation? Our children are asking questions that have not yet been answered and the facts speak for themselves. I hope they will be addressed. “It is a redefining moment, it is a time for sober reflection because to my own understanding of lawmaking, it is about precedence, it is about reference, and so we need to be guided on how to move forward. “I remain strong in faith in our country, strong in faith in our democracy, and strong in faith that the institutions of our democracy will always remain strong and guided, that our actions of today will define the events of tomorrow. “ Speaking earlier, the National Chairman of the PDP, Prince Uche Secondus, observed that the figures tallied by the Supreme Court to oust Ihedioha do not add up. He insisted that the apex court should review the ruling in the interest of democracy. The party boss also regretted that prominent people had remained silent on the injustice done by the court to Imo State even as he accused the All Progressive Congress (APC) it trivializing the PDP’s argument. Secondus stated: “In the case of Imo state, we have more questions than answers because we can’t see the figures adding up. These are the questions agitating our minds and the minds of Nigerians. “I want to appeal to our brothers who are on the other side, that they should stop trivialising these issues. They are of fundamental importance in nature. “Reference are made to Sokoto, Rivers and Zamfara states. You cannot compare what happened in those states with Imo. The other ones are intraparty. Let them come out and tell us what really happened, from the Tribunal to the Appeal Court up the Supreme Court in the 388 polling units. “What we seek in the case of Imo is for the Supreme Court to review and I believe that God will touch them to review it and they will reverse it in the interest of our nation so that we don’t celebrate the situation we found ourselves. “Very eminent people are not speaking out. Today, it is at the door of Imo, tomorrow it will be at the door of another person. So, people must speak out. “The truth is what we are seeking. We are not against speaking on very respected individuals, we are saying that the figures are not adding up. Can they look into it again?” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE