How favourably disposed is the IPAC to electoral reforms and what are the inherent issues? Electoral reform is very key. We are particular about the establishment of the Election Related Offences Commission. We are looking at a situation where the more than 2000 cases that were handled by the legal department of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) after the 2019 elections should no longer be a burden on the commission. The INEC should wholly focus on the conduct of elections. We are also looking at the establishment of the Political Party Management and Registration Commission which should be responsible for the registration and management of political parties. It is even an aberration in a democracy that people’s right to associate will be legislated upon. In most advanced democracies, people do not register political parties; they just form political groups and present candidates of their choice to stand and represent them in an election. Since we are already practising it, let us go ahead but take it off the responsibility of the INEC and allow the commission focus solely on conducting elections. Those polling officers of the INEC staff that are responsible for the conduct of these elections; just like the last amendment that was presented to Mr. President which he rejected seeking for jail term for liable ROs and EOs without the option of fine, should stand. Trying to treat the electoral amendment Act as a fresh amendment of the electoral will rather make it more cumbersome. They should represent the same amended bill which the President refused to assent to due to short time according to him so that that it will be treated thoroughly and fast and the nation would look towards a better elections. That amended Act caters for the interests of all political parties, including the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). If there be new minor amendment they should include this through a motion and return it for Presidential assent. We have seen that document and I think it accommodates our fears.  How would you describe the move so far by the ninth assembly to work on the amendment bill? I think the deputy president of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has started something already. What I’m concerned about is that it should not represent an entirely new process, when there is a document that can make the process less cumbersome.. Another concern will be that in the course of debating the amendment bill, they may end up muddling the good aspects which will be taking us back. For us at IPAC, he should take the old one, marry it with whatever vision he has on electoral reforms if it is not captured in the Electoral Act Amendment Bill and table it for the legislative consideration and represent it to the President so the nation would have enough time for the laws to be tested in off season elections. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list On compensation of Ita-Osu market fire victims The current ninth Assembly is comprises about 60 per cent of those who returned and were part of those who passed the Electoral Act amendment bill and sent to the President for assent in the Eighth assembly. It will be easier for us to have the frame work for 2023 elections.  Many Nigerians have ATM cards but will need the assistance of a third party to use the cards. E-voting will require some level of literacy for all voters. In view of this, do you think Nigerians have prepared for e-voting? We at IPAC believe that both manual and electronic voting should go together. As a matter of fact, electronic voting is more susceptible to fraud than the manual process. In a plain language, it is easier to rig than the manual system. For instance, while the manual process will require changes at various level, the electronic system will require the expertise of one person to log certain lagorithm on the system. What we need is a proper block chain technology system for the e-voting; use proper internet security fireworks to insulate the system from the interference of any party, then  incorporate manual voting for the rural communities where a significant number of the population are not literate and have the sophistication for e-voting. Areas that are blind spots to internet services and connectivity can vote manually so that they are not excluded from the process. As you know, all adult of voting age with voter cards have a right to choose their leader.  What is IPAC’s stand on diaspora voting in 2023? Right now, we do not subscribe to the Diaspora voting; we should take it phase-by-phase. We should first do it within the Nigerian territory after measuring sustainable progress. We could then attempt the Diaspora voting in 2023. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.