Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court,Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has adjourned the suit brought before it by a man, Hammed Abubakri against his wife, Seun Abubakri. Hammed alleged that his wife was troublesome and irresponsible. He added that she was in the habit of coming to his work place to fight him and this according to him has resulted in the loss of his job. The plaintiff pleaded with the court to separate them and restrain her from coming to fight him at his place of abode or work place. Seun did not concede to divorce. According to her, Hammed was maltreating her because she’s an orphan. Hammed giving his evidence said that:”My lord, I regret ever getting married to Seun. She has added no value to me since we got married. All she has succeeded in doing is making life difficult for me. “My wife is in the habit of nagging and complaining. She’s hard to please and is never contented with whatever I give her. “I gave her N50, 000 to start a business but all went down the drain. Seun couldn’t account for a kobo out of the whole sum. “My lord, she took to coming to my work place to embarrass and fight me. I warned her against this, but she refused to change.  She didn’t desist from coming until my boss got pissed off with us and fired me. “The sight of Seun is repulsive to me.  Having sex with her is no more appealing. “My lord, I’m no more interested in our union. I pray that you put an end to it,” Hammed pleaded. Ex-Generals, other retired military officers back Amotekun Service chiefs: We’ll deal with all threats FG, States indebted to the tune of N26trn in 2019 —DMO Buhari promises to bequeath free, fair elections to… Seun stated before the court that:”My lord, all that Hammed said are lies. He’s maltreating me because he knows I’m an orphan and that I have no one who will help me fight my cause. “Hammed neglected me immediately we got married and eventually abandoned me. “He has never bothered about my survival and that of our children. He provides us no food or clothing. He sometimes leaves our three-year-old son with an empty stomach for almost a day. Our neighbours come to our rescue on regularly basis. This explains why I go to his work place to beg his friends for money. “My lord, he refused to give me money to register in the hospital when I was pregnant with our first child.  I was registered when the pregnancy was far advanced-that was around the eight month. It took a lot of persuasion and consultation before the hospital agreed to register me. “It was our neighbours and my friends who contributed money for the scan I did when I was finally registered in the hospital. I started receiving ante natal care after this. “Hammed started fighting me after he took a second wife. He was initially giving me and our two children N500 per day as feeding allowance but stopped this immediately he took another wife. “My lord, Hammed loves his second wife more than me. He dots and lavishes money on her while he leaves me and our children to starve. “He recently moved into a new apartment with his second wife and left me and our children in our old apartment which rent is due, “the defendant said. The court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, after he had heard both parties adjourned the case and ordered the defendant to give the plaintiff a stipulated amount every week for their children’s upkeep till they appear in court on the adjourned date.  STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE