The closure of Nigeria’s borders to its neighbouring countries is not a new topic, as the action has been in play for over five months. The act has drawn opinions from every Nigerian either directly affected or indirectly affected. The border which was closed with the purpose of curbing large scale smuggling of rice, illegal weaponry and other commodities has had many implications. One thing that has slipped the minds of many is whether the problem is from beyond the borders of Nigeria or within it and if closing the border is the answer. Everyone is more concerned with whether the act of closing the border is right or wrong, but little emphasis has been laid on whether the problem or issues that closing the border is seeking to eradicate is coming from beyond the border or within. Automatically, a party that sees through the eyes of the government would say the problem is from beyond the border, but an opposing party which could be local traders would insist the problem is the government within the border that wants to strip them of their means of livelihood. The truth is that the problem lies on both sides, but the greater problem comes from within the border where the citizens reside. Criminals can smuggle all sorts of illegal commodities in large quantities through the border because they have fellow accomplices from within the border that will aid their safe passage by supplying them with information or offer physical support in form of transportation. Who else would know where a lax is in national security if not those who live within the nation? Nigerians within the border are the buyers and sellers of these illegally smuggled commodities. If the country’s citizens do not all share the same mindset of economic development as the government, it would result in a reverse effect on the economy. The government wants to stop illegal smuggling of commodities and aid local production of goods but the citizens still accept the illegally smuggled goods instead of reporting such accomplices or refusing to buy those goods from them. The selfish attitude of Nigerians across the country defeats governments purpose of economic independence, and this is not something that closing the border can solve. BREAKING: Sagamu Sabo market on fire eCommerce is crucial to Nigeria’s economic growth-Anammah,… Iwo indigenes charged to develop hometown Employment policies are key to address challenge of… Another problem that defeats the purpose of the border closure is the mindset of the people. The people have the mindset that nothing good can come from Nigeria, and that if it does, it won’t survive. Many Nigerians do not buy made-in-Nigeria products as they are seen as either unauthentic or unreliable. There’s no way they wouldn’t aid smuggling of foreign products into the country. Government isn’t doing enough either to make development of local products a concerted effort. The awareness level is low and the call to action or support of the citizens isn’t done sufficiently by the government. Nigeria needs nationwide mass orientation and it’s the job of the mass media to serve as a propeller for this cause.  Olaniyi Oguntayo, Ibadan SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE