Ahead of the governorship election in Ondo State this year, the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, on Thursday advised civil servants against getting involved in partisan politics during the election. Akeredolu who stated this in Akure, Ondo State capital, during special prayers to mark the first working day in the new year held at the governor’s office, specifically warned the civil servants against wearing Campaign T-shirts adorning his party, the All Progressives Congress (APC). The governor asked the workers to allow politicians to play politics. He said: “I don’t want any civil servant to wear endorsement T-shirt for me. Civil servants should not be involved in politics. ALSO READ: NRC debunks report on gunmen attack on Abuja-Kaduna train “I don’t want workers to do like they did before I came on board. They should focus on their jobs and let politicians play politics. “We are all political animals, but workers should stay away from politics. And if they want to do, it should be done moderately. Akeredolu who appreciated God for preserving his life, saying he had more services to render to the good people of the state, while he disclosed his readiness to serve more if permitted by God. He declared that his administration is ready to pay the N30,000 minimum wage as soon as the ongoing negotiation between the Organised Labour and the State Government is concluded and said the state is among the very few states already discussing the implementation of the new minimum wage. Lagos mulls expansion of Alausa Power Project to meet… NRC debunks report on gunmen attack on Abuja-Kaduna train LASUCOM gets new provost Enugu airport will be ready before Easter ― Sirika He said: “The Organised Labour and Government have been having discussions and negotiations and we are fine-tuning our conclusions to ensure that we come up with most acceptable and sustainable salary structure considering the financial strength of the State. “I wish to assure you that payment of the new wage would commence as soon as on-going discussion and negotiation are concluded.” The Governor reminded the people that within a space of about three years, his administration has embarked on massive infrastructural development across the three senatorial districts of the State. He said his administration has also made unprecedented improvement in revenue generation and laying a solid foundation for the sustainable economic turn-around of the State. Governor Akeredolu noted that the state government under his leadership has stepped up and widened empowerment schemes for women, men and young entrepreneurs by providing trade support loans. He stressed that above all, his administration has ensured peace and order in the State. “In doing all of these and more, we have kept faith with the demands of workers’ welfare. In spite of our dire financial challenges, we have been able to fulfil our promises of regular payment of workers’ salaries and other obligations to the people of the State. “I always hold the firm belief that regular salary payment and promotion of deserving public servants are not an achievement but purely obligatory. “You can bear testimony that we have almost concluded the payment of inherited salary arrears,” Akeredolu said. The Governor thanked the Public servants and political office holders for their cooperation and understanding in moving the state forward. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.