The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has said it is not doing the bidding of the terrorists by crying out for the freedom of its members in the captivity of the Boko Haram terrorists. The Christian apex body said the government should wake up to its primary responsibilities which are to protect the lives and property of the people. CAN said calling on the Federal government to free its members from their captors who claim to be attacking them (CAN) for religious sake is the right thing to do in this situation it found ourselves. CAN in a statement signed by the Special Assistant Media and Communications to its President, Pastor Adebayo Oladeji said “these criminals are targeting the predominant Christian communities, killing, maiming and abducting the people with or without any resistance from the security agencies is unprecedented. “Let the government wake up to its responsibilities and see if we will not stop talking about its failure to protect our members. That is not politicisation of religion. The governor of Borno State is shouting that the soldiers are extorting money from the people instead of defending them. I won’t condone religious intolerance, Buhari tells CAN CAN charges FG to deploy means to free Christians abducted… Aftermath of Boko Haram attack, Rep member calls for… New Year: There is hope for Nigeria, God’s agenda will… ALSO READ: I won’t condone religious intolerance, Buhari tells CAN “If the government has not been treating those criminals with kid gloves, let them publish names of their kingpins, of the terrorists, herdsmen killers and bandits in their custody and those who are being prosecuted in the court of law for the world to see. “How many Christians are heading any of the security agencies in the country? We are praying for the government on daily basis but that does not mean where the government is failing we should keep quiet. Since Leah Sharibu and other Chibok girls have been crying for help, there is nothing on ground to show that the government has been sensitive to their plight. “The only reason why they are in captivity is because they are Christians, no more, no less. That the government is condemning the terror attacks is not the same thing as stopping the attacks and arresting the criminals responsible or are they telling us they are spirits? Telling us to keep quiet is adding salt to our injuries. “Last week, it was Adamawa and on Monday, this week it was Kaduna State where 41 people were kidnapped. As long as the unpleasant situations in the country remain the same the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria will not keep quiet since that is the only thing we can do aside from praying for the captives.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE