The national leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has condemned public protests instigated by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to show its disaffection towards last week judgment of the Supreme Court which removed Emeka Ihedioha as the Imo State Governor. There was a street protest at the weekend in Owerri, Imo State capital while a similar procession was carried out on Monday in Abuja led by the party national chairman, Uche Secondus. The APC in a statement described the action of the PDP leaders against the judgment of the apex court as an act of brigandage, inimical to the peace of the country and its fragile democracy. The party in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Lanre Isa-Onilu, recalled that in recent past, it has been at receiving end of pronouncements by the Supreme Court which it noted were unfavourable but never derided the sacred institution of the judiciary. The statement read in part: “For the records, APC, through no fault of ours, even as the ruling party, has suffered monumental losses in our courts in respect of elections conducted in 2019. Let us start with Rivers State where the party was deprived an opportunity to even field any candidate. Never before had such an occurrence been experienced in our political history. What many do not appreciate is that the decision that led to this state of affairs was itself the first of its kind in our history since 1960. The court determined that a case which, in every material particular, arose in respect of congresses which are held before elections, constituted a pre-election matter and consequently was said to have contaminated the legal ability of the party to even nominate candidates for the general election. As a result, the PDP, who was the sole beneficiary of this decision, had a clear run for all the elective offices in Rivers State. APC did not produce a governorship candidate as well as candidates for the 3 (Three) Senatorial seats, 11 (Eleven) House of Representative seats and 32 (Thirty-Two) State House of Assembly seats. In essence, APC lost out in 46 elective positions even before the starter pistol was fired! We took it in our stride. ALSO READ: Supreme Court upholds Tambuwal, Ganduje, Lalong, Bala Mohammed’s elections “What about Zamfara State? We won every elective position in Zamfara State. However, when the court determined that all the votes willfully given to us by the good people of Zamfara State were wasted votes (which again was the first of its kind in our electoral jurisprudence), the APC lost everything. In essence, we went to bed occupying all 35 elective offices in Zamfara State and woke up occupying none on account of the decision of the court. We did not bring down the nation but accepted our loss because democracy is as much about losing as it is about winning in any election contest. ”We have just lost Sokoto State governorship to PDP on account of the judgement delivered today by the Supreme Court. We should state that the judgement is completely strange to our expectation based on the facts before us. For the record, Alhaji Aminu Tambuwal, the current Governor of Sokoto State, is on his seat with 324 votes with over 30,000 cancelled votes in the March governorship election. PDP does not see anything wrong in this, but it is comfortable with Mr Emeka Ihedioha occupying the governorship seat in Imo State for seven months without meeting the constitutional requirement of 25 per cent in two-third of the Local Government Councils in the state. Kogi governor congratulates Lalong on Supreme Court victory Losing Kano, Plateau would have been a blow ― Buhari Supreme Court victory, confirmation of overwhelming mandate… Supreme Court ruling: Join hands with me to develop Bauchi,… “Unlike PDP, we are not going to behave like spoilt brats and threatened the peace of the country over the surprising judgement of the Supreme Court on the Sokoto State seat. “As our records show, APC has lost several seats in the Senate, House of Representatives and State Houses of Assembly across the country. Many have offered real confusion as the decisions departed from our knowledge of our electoral laws. Yet, we have carried ourselves with candour and dignity even in defeat. “It is against this backdrop that we find the reckless and insensitive actions by the PDP in reaction to the Judgment of the Apex Court regarding Imo State very irresponsible and indeed contemptuous. The PDP, without any scintilla or iota of fact, has alleged bribery, inducement, coercion and collusion between the Executive arm of Government and the Judiciary. These are very weighty allegations that can completely undermine any democracy and damage our judiciary beyond repairs. It is therefore incumbent on the PDP to provide the evidence to back these senseless allegations. “In any democracy, no one should be allowed to inflame tempers within the polity, set the nation alight with such damaging allegations thereby threatening its peaceful coexistence and retire to his own home in peace as if he has done nothing. All those behind the statements issued by the PDP pouring invectives on our judiciary and levelling baseless allegations against the Executive arm of government should feel ashamed of themselves. “The question to ask the PDP is whether the same Executive arm it accuses today were not the same ones in government when APC lost over 100 elective positions to court decisions? Why did the same Executives not intervene to stop it and could that have even happened if indeed there was any form of collusion with the judiciary? The PDP must not lend its platform to conspiracy theorists, propagandists and rumour peddlers if it wants to be taken seriously as a partner in our democratic experience. It must accept the role of a responsible opposition or face the wrath of Nigerians who cherish their hard-earned democracy and will do all to defend it.” The ruling party further called for the arrest and prosecution of PDP leaders behind the ongoing protests against the judgment of the Supreme Court. “In conclusion, we urge the relevant agencies to immediately take the necessary steps to bring to account anyone attempting at causing chaos and inciting violence in our cities while hiding under dubious political protest. We also urge our teeming members to remain calm but steadfast. When we offered ourselves as a party of change personified in the person of the President of the Republic, President Muhammadu Buhari, we meant it in every sense. Change is a process and it can be slow and painful at times. However, we are assured by the continued support of millions of Nigerians to remain squarely focused on the task at hand, which is building a strong, prosperous nation based on the principles of rule of law, zero tolerance for corruption and justice to all no matter whose ox is gored. “To the people of Imo State, we promise you that our new administration will quickly abandon the “tear-them-down” policy of the ousted PDP administration as well as all acts of state-sponsored brigandry in an attempt to cow political opponents. All persons who were dehumanised and summarily dismissed albeit illegally from their positions will have their cases reviewed appropriately. The public infrastructures that were damaged as a result of the PDP war of desperate vendetta will be restored as these are assets belonging to the good people of the State and not a single individual. We will quickly restore the pride of Imolites through constructive engagements of every stratum of society and implement an aggressive programme of building both human capital and infrastructure within the State. Imo will once again assume its pride of place as a shining example among the South Eastern States.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE