Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has in his New Year broadcast revealed the direction in policies and programmes of his administration, declaring that the government under him would be prioritising investment in critical infrastructure with new vigour in 2020. Governor Sanwo-Olu said the state government was prepared to shift the burden of transportation away from roads alone, disclosing that there would be a renewed focus on waterways and rail transportation in the current year. According to him, the objective is to disperse traffic on the roads and give residents a new choice in mass movement across the state. It would be recalled that traffic management and transportation is a key pillar of the Sanwo-Olu administration’s development agenda, known as Project T.H.E.M.E.S. ALSO READ: Prioritise the people, Lanlehin urges elected officials in New Year message It seeks to assuage the pains of Lagos residents occasioned by road gridlocks by reducing travel time and scaling up productivity. The governor said his administration had been statutorily emboldened, with the signing of the state’s N1.168 trillion 2020 Budget into law last Tuesday, to fully tap into the potential of its waterways and rail corridors by pursuing fresh investment and partnerships that would help his government deliver an inter-modal transportation model. “We are prioritising investment in infrastructure this year to shift the burden of transportation away from the roads unto the waterways as a means of moving our people around safely and efficiently. “Lagos is endowed with a large body of water that has been under-exploited over the years. This is why we have challenged ourselves to set up an investment in this underutilised channel. “Work will begin to happen on our waterways and Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA) has been saddled with this responsibility. In terms of the pace of work that is going on our Blue Line Rail project, which stretches from Okokomaiko to Marina, we expect the work to pick up and get Phase 1 of it completed for operations. Also, construction work is to commence on the Red Line that will stretch from Agege to Ebute Metta, this year,” the governor stated. NECO warns on fake recruitment syndicate Google system can improve breast cancer detection, Study… Indonesia floods leave nearly 30 dead, scores missing Prioritise the people, Lanlehin urges elected officials in… Sanwo-Olu observed that Lagos State Public Works (LSPW) had been complementing his administration’s infrastructural renewal programme with persistent rehabilitation works on existing roads to ease the flow of traffic on feeder roads, adding that the repair work would continue across the state. Speaking further, the governor said the state had doubled its budgetary allocation to healthcare purposely to boost human capital and productivity. He disclosed that the government would be building more tertiary healthcare facilities in underserved areas across the state, saying this would make quality healthcare accessible and affordable for residents irrespective of income level. Governor Sanwo-Olu said that the massive upgrading programme of Primary Healthcare Centres (PHCs) would commence in the first quarter of the year, revealing that a chunk of funds had been integrated into the healthcare budget for comprehensive investment in universal health insurance coverage scheme for all residents. He said his administration’s education programme remained on course, noting that the government had commenced training of new teachers and retraining of those already in the system. This, he said, was being complemented with massive rehabilitation of public schools across the state, pointing out that 300 schools were already being renovated in Phase 1 of the scheme. The governor promised that as the year progresses, more development programmes would be unveiled across the pillars of his administration’s agenda that would directly touch the lives of residents, even as he pleaded for support and cooperation of the people. Sanwo-Olu, who assured that there was so much to look forward to in 2020, said his government would not retreat from taking actions that would solve challenges facing the state. “There is so much to look forward to in this New Year. I solicit for full cooperation and support as we take the first step into 2020. Together, we can achieve the ‘Greater Lagos’ of our dreams. Let us join hands and usher in the New Year with hope and confidence, with the knowledge that brighter days are ahead of us. “In spite of whatever challenges that the New Year might bring, we will not retreat from the challenges; instead, we will convert the challenges to stepping stone to success and true greatness. I wish all Lagosians a happy and prosperous 2020,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.