A woman, Badirat Jimoh has approached Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, seeking that it ends the 22-year-old relationship between her and her husband, Musibau Jimoh. Badirat filed for divorce on the grounds of irresponsibility and neglect by her husband. She added that he was in the habit of beating her. The plaintiff also implored the court, if her plea was taken, to grant her custody of their six children so as to give them adequate care. Musibau did not agree to divorce when the claims were read to her. He also refused that his wife had custody of their six children. Giving her evidence, Badirat told the court that: “My lord, I’m no longer interested in my husband and our 22-year-old marriage. I am ready to quit. “I lied to Musibau that I wanted to go and take care of one of my family members and moved out of his house because I was fed up with him. “My husband is irresponsible and troublesome. He cared less about my welfare and that of our children. “While other women waited on their husbands to meet their needs, I worked round the cIock in order that my family did not suffer. “Musibau daily went to work but brought nothing home. He was always complaining of paucity of fund. “I gave him N30, 000 to start a business so that he could feed the home and gain respect before our children but this went down the drain. He couldn’t account for a dime out of this. “He abandoned me when I was carrying our last pregnancy.  I took ill and was in and out of the hospital for about six months. I almost died. My lord, I had to lie at the hospital that I had no husband because he was not there. Musibau asked me to sort out myself because he didn’t have money. “I spent a fortune receiving medical attention and this automatically took a toll on my business. I was later advised to remove the pregnancy in other to save my life,” she said. Badirat went on: “At another time one of our children also fell sick and was admitted in the hospital. Musibau was informed but when he came he created a scene at the ward where our son was admitted. He fought me for daring to ask him to pay the hospital bill. “My lord, he seized my purse containing N39, 000 during the scuffle and stole N21, 000 out of it.  He later demanded that our child be discharged and he brought him home. “A few days after this, I had to rush him back to the hospital because his blood level was low. I went a borrowing to aid his treatment since Musibau cared less if he lived or died. Ibadan chief seeks constitutional roles for traditional… Police arrest 26 suspects in Benue during festive period —CP Oil Bunkering: Nigerian Navy hands over 57 Nigerians, 7… How Glory, 13yrs; Samuel, 8yrs and Darasimi, 3yrs died in… “My lord, he has taken to harassing and threatening me any time our path crossed, which is one of the reasons I have decided to come to court. “I’ve had enough of his irresponsible act. I pray that you separate us and hand over our children to me so that I can take proper care of them. “My lord, I also pray that the court make him responsible for their upkeep,” Badirat concluded. Musibau in his response told the court: “My lord, Badirat left home on November 2, 2018, without us quarrelling or having any differences. I went to work on this faithful day and on my return, I met an empty house. “I initially thought she had travelled. She was used to going on business trips without informing me. I complained often about this but she remained adamant. “I waited a few days for her return but became worried when she didn’t come home. “I tried her number but it wasn’t connecting. I informed his family members about the development and they advised me to ignore her. “Badirat refused to let me know where she’s presently staying. She promised to come back home after her brother sought audience with her, but she never did. “My lord, I don’t wish that Badirat and I be separated, but if she’s insisting on divorce, then let it be,” he stated. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, dissolved their marriage and granted custody of the two female children in the marriage, aged 11 years to the plaintiff. The other four were asked to be in the custody of the defendant. The defendant was asked to pay the sum of N10,000 every month through the court as feeding allowance for the two children with the plaintiff. He was also asked to be responsible for their education and health care. The defendant was instructed to make the children with him accessible to the plaintiff any time she desires to see them. According to him, the procedure for this should be through the court. Both parties were advised to maintain peace.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE