Experts have cautioned against the regular use of solid air fresheners, saying it can cause headache, difficulty concentrating, poor memory and insomnia in a long time. Researchers at the University of Ibadan said that they contain toxic substances that on prolonged exposure could pose a potential health hazard and affect the actions of the brain and behaviour. They had evaluated the brain and biochemical changes in mice exposed to a solid commercially available air freshener under laboratory conditions over a 28-day period. They found that mice exposed to solid air fresheners exhibited impaired locomotion, increased anxiety and depression-like symptoms as well as impaired memory. This 2019 study in the Iranian Journal of Toxicology involved Solomon Umukoro, Mary Apara, Abayomi Mayowa Ajayi, Adegbuyi Olawale Aderibigbe, all at the College of Medicine, University of Ibadan, in collaboration with Benneth Ben-Azu at PAMO University of Medical Sciences, Port Harcourt, River State. According to them, exposure to air freshener significantly decreased memory function and significantly increased the activity of acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter involved in learning and memory, in the brain of these animals. The experts remarked that such a prolonged inhalation of the various chemical substances present in solid air fresheners is also a source of chronic stress. JAMB registrar warns varsities, others against illegal… NBTE lauds Osun gov over academic, physical devt at OSPOLY Why TRCN qualifying exams may now hold four times yearly… PCU partners Dominican varsity The researchers declared that most household air fresheners contain many volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that readily pass the blood-brain barrier and reach sufficient concentrations that could impair brain functions. They stated: “Inhalation of high concentrations of the solid air fresheners’ vapour in excess of the permitted exposure level may cause headache, nervousness, dizziness, tremors, fatigue and incoordination in humans. “Thus, people should exercise caution against the regular use of solid air fresheners since there is no indication of how one can avoid exceeding the safe level of solid air freshener exposure. “These findings suggest the potential health hazards posed to humans due to the regular uses of air fresheners. We further stress the need for educating and warning the consumers on the risks inherent in the frequent uses of solid air fresheners and deodorants.” Air fresheners are products with fragrances used to mask unpleasant odour in the environment. They eliminate offensive odours by releasing chemical substances into the air, strong enough to mask unpleasant or offensive odours. Studies have shown that these chemical substances cause a wide range of adverse effects such as drowsiness, dizziness, headache, tremor and coma. Also, previous studies have shown that air fresheners also affect the lungs, liver and reproductive organs. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE