Sacked governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha, on Wednesday, disagreed with Tuesday’s Supreme Court ruling describing it as unfair, unjust and non-reflective of the March 9 voting in Imo state. Though he noted that he had activated the process of hand over to the declared winner, Ihedioha decried that the people’s mandate given him was cut short by the Supreme Court, in contravention of the will of the people. Ihedioha, in the personally signed statement, said though he fought “tough battles, (including, principalities and powers), he governed the state well, with the fear of God, accountability, transparency and entrenched due process.” In a handover process to be coordinated by Secretary to the state government, Ihedioha added that he had directed all political appointees to handover all government properties in their custody. “I do not agree with the judgement of the Supreme Court. I think it is unfair, unjust and does not reflect the voting that took place during the elections. “It also didn’t take care of the sensibilities of the people of Imo State. But as true democrats, Engineer Gerald Irona and I have no option but to respect the outcome of that judgement. “Consequently, we have put machinery in motion to hand-over the reins of office to the APC Candidate as the the next governor of Imo State. ALSO READ: We will pursue Amotekun to logical conclusion ― Akeredolu “This will be coordinated by the Secretary to the State Government. I, therefore, direct all members of Imo State Expanded Executive Council, and all political appointees to write their handing-over notes and to return all government properties in their custody, forthwith. DPR seals 12 illegal gas plants in Ogun Armed Forces Remembrance Day: Peller to sponsor education of… Imo: APC governors congratulate Senator Uzodinma Unemployment: CIPM to collaborate with institutions towards… “I shall not be party to pilfering of Government property or funds. “This mandate has now been truncated and cut short by the Supreme Court, in contravention of the will of the people. “We step aside with implicit faith in the Sovereign Lord who reigns over the affairs of men,” Ihedioha said. Within the space of seven months as governor, Ihedioha said he was joyed that he reversed a negative trajectory and recorded giant strides in rebuilding the state. “We made our mark. Rebuilding our dear state is neither easy nor personal, but a task undertaken for our today and tomorrow. “I thank you all for your support which saw us achieve so much and reversed the negative trajectory of Imo State within a space of seven months. “It is significant to note that Imo State was looking good again. We were declared the least corrupt State in the Country, the fastest state growing economy in Nigeria and the most improved, in terms of the deployment of Information Technology in service delivery. “Our infrastructure was significantly coming to life, civil servants and pensioners were now being paid as and when due and optimism returned to Imo State. It is on record that we were acclaimed as the most sports and diaspora friendly state. “Most importantly we returned life and activities to our local governments. “Yes we had good plans to make Imo the centrepiece of commerce, industry, technology, tourism by providing good leadership and first-class infrastructure. Under our watch, Imo became safe with our systematic approach to securing lives and property,” Ihedioha added. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE