CONTROVERSIAL Catholic Priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Rev. Fr Ejike Mbaka, has said that there would be a twist in 2019 gubernatorial election of Imo State, prophesying that the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate, Senator Hope Uzodimma, would be sworn-in as the governor of the state. It could be recalled that Rev. Fr. Mbaka  who in his New Year message on Tuesday crossover night, repeated that Senator Uzodimma would be sworn in as governor of Imo State, had predicted President Muhammadu Buhari’s victory during the 2015 New Year Message, which he entitled:  “From Goodluck to Badluck” Addressing thousands of members of his congregation, he said that the 2019 APC governorship candidate, Uzodinma, would dislodge the incumbent governor of the state, Rt Hon Emeka Ihedioha of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Mbaka told the catholic faithful, “no prophecy has ever been declared on this prayer ground without coming to pass”, while also advising those who may find the message unpalatable not to come after him. ALSO READ: Minimum wage: Oyetola inaugurates committee on implementation He warned that such action would attract the wrath of the Holy Spirit upon such individuals. Most bizarre act of 2019: Killing of Favour Daley-Oladele African giant, Burna Boy:  Entertainment personality of 2019 Trade union lauds Ganduje over minimum wage implementation Anthony Joshua: Meet the comeback kid According to him,  “Many things are going to happen in Nigeria this 2020 that will shock countrymen and countrywomen; but all would be to God’s glory. His words:  “In spite of all that would happen this 2020, there is hope. In Imo State, there is hope. Hope, hope, hope … hope in Imo State. Imo people have suffered (but) God is raising a new hope that would be an agent of salvation for them. “He’s coming with a new flag to restore the dignity of that noble land. A new leadership that will break barriers and there would be joy in the land of Imo. “Lift your candles as I bless Hope Uzodinma; and I empower him to, spiritually, to take over. How, I do not know. “Please, if you heard that there would be a new government in Imo and you don’t like the message; if I say Hope, you can say hopeless but do not fight me. “I am saying this in respect of those who may want to come after me because of the message. If you do that, the God of Moses, Elijah and Elisha will deal with you. I am only a messenger of God” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.