The forum of governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the Progressive Governors Forum has congratulated a new entrant into their fold, Senator Hope Uzodinma.  Senator Uzodinma was declared the winner of the March 2019 governorship election in an unanimous judgement by justices of the Supreme Court on Tuesday. The apex court asked the electoral umpire, the Independent National Electoral Commission(INEC) to issue Senator Uzodinma Certificate of Return. The governor-elect was issued Certificate of Return on Wednesday by the INEC National Commissioner on Legal Matters, Barrister May Agbamuche-Mbu. Kebbi State governor and Chairman of PGF, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, in a statement commended Senator Uzodinma for his resilience, belief in the nation’s judiciary, which he noted has earned the APC governorship candidate in the March 9, 2019 Governorship election in Imo State, his mandate. ALSO READ: Ihedioha’s wife pledges support for husband Governor Bagudu further assured President Muhammadu Buhari of the firm commitment of the forum of APC governors to continue to collaborate with him to “strengthen the capacities of our progressive states to create jobs, stimulate economic activity, reduce inequality and diminish poverty in Nigeria. ” #SupremeCourt: Uzodinma’s catapult to first place shocking ―… Senate President congratulates APC, Imo Governor-elect FG to recruit more qualified teachers ― Buhari Ex-CBN director commends Buhari for signing Finance Bill… “We rejoice with you and the people of Imo State, and all lovers of democracy and justice in Nigeria in this rightly deserved victory that restored your stolen mandate. ”We, in particular, wish to commend your doggedness, resilience, commitment to the rule of law and abiding faith in the judiciary that culminated into this ultimate victory. It is victory at last for us all. “Once more, as we rejoice with you, congratulate President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR, our party leaders in Imo State in particular and national level as we welcome you to the fold of Progressive Governors as you take over the mantle of leadership in Imo state. “As Progressive Governors, we affirm our commitment to work in synergy with all our APC controlled states and the Federal Government guided by our leader, President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR, to strengthen the capacities of our progressive states to create jobs, stimulate economic activity, reduce inequality and diminish poverty in Nigeria.” Earlier, while receiving his Certificate of Return at the INEC headquarter in Abuja, Senator Uzodinma thanked the justices of the apex court for living up to expectations of Nigerians and aggrieved politicians who look up to them as final arbiters in electoral disputes. He said: ” We thank God Almighty that at the end of the day, through His mercy, the wish and mandate of our people in Imo state who came out and voted for our party, the APC and myself for this election, that at the end of the day, their wishes have been acknowledged and recognised. ”So, we owe this victory to Almighty God, we owe it to a functional judiciary — that our Supreme Court lived up to expectations and that the people of Imo state haven’t been denied their choice of leadership and the dividend of the efforts they made during the last elections. ” It is something that we must be grateful to. ”We have other challenges as governors to now ensure that the reasonable expectations of the voters aren’t disappointed (sic) So, we thank Almighty God.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE