THE Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN) has called on the Federal Government to declare a state of emergency due to the spate of increasing insecurity in the country. Speaking to journalists on the state of the nation at the weekend, the National President of PENGASSAN, Comrade Ndukaku M. Ohaeri, said this became imperative due to the fact that the incidents of kidnapping, armed robbery, stealing, cattle rustling, ethnic clashes and cultism have increased. According to him, “we call on the federal government to declare a state of emergency on internal national security which is the core responsibility of the state as the progress and prosperity of any nation rest on peace and tranquility. “While all effort has been on terrorism, kidnapping, armed robbery, stealing, cattle rustling, ethnic clashes and cultism have increased. There is a need for the Nigerian Police Force, Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps and other internal security agencies to become more visible in maintaining the security of lives and properties in Nigeria. Swedish govt seeks collaboration to train Nigerians on ICT… Stakeholders urge FG to develop new policies for… Airtel launches TV service, Live TV App VoguePay bags two payment solutions awards in UK, Nigeria “This should start with re-orientation of officers and men, capacity building, remuneration and strengthening of community-police relations. The use of modern facilities and technologies should be given priority in enhancing community surveillance. Effort should also be made to identify and weed-out officers whose unethical conducts are undeserving of the sanctity of the force.” He urged members of the association to acknowledge the effort of the present administration at nation building through some of the hallmark economic policies that have been implemented. “We hope that the government will be more responsive to our call and the yearning of the good people of the country for socio-economic and political advancement. The responsiveness of government will surely bring governance closer to the people and support nation building activities. “For civil societies, groups and associations actively involved in the struggle for nation building, we appreciate your effort and stand by you. Nation building is a must and we all have a role to play as critical stakeholders in ensuring a good and responsive governance that works for all to validate the meaning of democracy; government of the people, for the people, and by the people,” he said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE