Kogi State Governor,  Alhaji Yahaya Bello has sworn-in 17 commissioner nominees and six Special Advisers earlier screened and cleared by the state House of Assembly. The commissioners include Mohammed Sani Ibrahim (SAN) Attorney-General/Justice; Mr Idris Asiru Asiwaju, Finance, Budget and Economic Planning; Engr. Abubakar Sadiq Ohere Works and Housing; Mr David Apeh, Agriculture; Mr Joseph Baron Okwoli, Transportation; Mr Daniel O’Neal Ejigbo, Rural Development; Mr Idris Musa Youth and Sport Development; Mr Wemi Jones Ojo, Education, Science and Technology; Mr Kingsley Olorunfemi Fanwo, Information and Communications; Mr Abubakar Bashir Mohammed Solid Minerals and Natural Resources; Hon. Isah Idachaba Culture and Tourism; Barr. Abdulsalam Momodu Ozigi, Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs; Mr Abdulmumin Danga, Water Resources; Dr Saka Haruna Audu, Health; Hon. Adewale Victor Omofaiye Environment; Hajia Fatima Kabiru Buba, Women Affairs and Social Development and Hon. Gabriel Yunusa Olofu; Commerce and Industry. Moses Okezie, Special Adviser on Research and documentation Dr Gabriel Alhassan Ottah, Special Adviser on Education, Science and Technology Hon Haruna Musa Idoko, Special Adviser on Legislative Matters Barrister Femi Adegboyega, Special Adviser on Legal Matter Hon Nasir Isah Ohiani, Special Adviser on SDGs Navy Commodore Jerry Omodara ( Rtd), Special Adviser on Security. ALSO READ: Lagos-Badagry expressway to be completed in 2021 ― FG The governor created new ministries of Information and Solid Minerals just as he merged the ministry of finance and Economic Planning with that of Budget to become Ministry of Finance, Budget and Economic Planning. The governor while swearing in the appointees at the Government House, Lokoja, warned them against “indulging in sensationalism”, warning that anyone that does that would be fired. “To the new appointees, you were found in character and competence and for the returning ones, it shows you have performed excellently in your first appointment”, he said. He charged the new appointment to serve with sincerity purpose and with the fear of God. Governor Bello swears in commissioners, appoints 30 new… Group calls for electoral reforms, kicks against… NYCN charges youths to be united against challenges Kogi government to partner CBN on women empowerment “Governance is all about the people and the government exists for them. As high ranking appointees, you must open your doors to your people. Reach out, be accessible, approachable and serve the people with humility. “I congratulate those of you who made it on Monday as commissioners-designate. If you are new to the appointment, it is because we found you worthy in learning, but above all in character. “If you were with us in the first term, we reappointed you because you proved worthy of a second chance but also because the exigencies of time and politics, especially the zoning formula applicable in your various constituencies, permitted it. “There are some of your former colleagues who also deserve this second chance but the circumstances were not as accommodating as in your cases, so be humble”, the governor said. He said the newly inaugurated commissioners would form the ‘nucleus’ of his government. “You will join me and the Deputy Governor to form the next Cabinet along with the Secretary to the State Government and other aides we may wish to receive into the Kogi State Executive Council from time to time. In a short while, we will arrange a formal induction to familiarise you with our philosophy of governance and our roadmap. I will, therefore, limit my words to you now to an informal charge on how to operate in our New Direction Administration as we move to the Next Level to Do More” he said. He tasked the appointees to open to scrutiny and transparent in their dealings. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.