Former interim national chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Bisi Akande, on Thursday, said the party would come out of the current political crisis rocking its Edo State chapter stronger. He maintained that the ruling party has the capacity and effective internal mechanism to resolve the political crisis in Edo State with a view to winning the next governorship election in the state. Akande, who spoke during an interview with journalists in his Ila Orangun country home as part of the activities commemorating his 81st birthday ceremony said: “The situation in Edo is still within the capability of the party leadership to manage effectively to guarantee the success of the party in future elections.” ALSO READ: FRSC decorates 120 newly promoted officers in Kaduna AGF not a court of law, cannot declare Amotekun illegal ―… I joined APC to add value to Abiodun’s govt ― Isiaka Tambuwal calls for calm over Supreme Court adjournment of… Buhari hails Lawan’s achievements at 61 While expressing optimism that the political crisis in Edo State would soon be permanently laid to rest, he contended that the party would come out of it stronger, saying APC would not allow the opposition to explore crisis for the benefit of their political advantage. Lamenting over the endemic corruption in the country, Akande observed that President Muhammadu Buhari might not have appreciated the enormity of the challenge when he started to wage war against the scourge the society, adding that the “President is feeling the resulting heat because corruption is already fighting him back”. According to him: “When President Buhari came up with his policy to fight against corruption,  perhaps he might not know the likely attendant consequences.  But I’m sure he is perspiring seriously without people knowing it because corruption is already fighting back.” He, however, charged Nigerians not to leave the battle against corruption to the government alone by eschewing and other corrupt tendencies, with a view to putting the nation on a path of growth and development. Commenting on the South-West security network codenamed “Operation Amotekun”, Akande explained that he had already started a discussion with some Yoruba elders, saying he was ready to divulge information on the issue to the media. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE