A group, The Pathfinder Consortium (TPC) on Thursday in Lagos announced his resolve to back the presidential ambition of former Deputy National Chairman of major opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olabode George, come 2023. The group made this disclosure through a statement issued by its director-general, Prince Uthman Shodipe-Dosunmu, declaring that the “2023 is loading” and “The Pathfinder is warming up,” adding that all was about serious business and a “New Beginning” that Nigerians should not only watch out for but be part of. Uthman is the Special Adviser (SA) Political to Chief George, with reliable source confiding in the Nigerian Tribune that the pathfinder being referred to is the PDP former deputy national chairman, who is also a former governor of old Ondo State. The group, while saying it would “very soon unveil” which it also as “the Big Masquerade,” vowed that it was “aroused with a bold, audacious and redeeming leadership.” “We will engage, inform without derogatory withdrawal. We will challenge, debate, instruct without angry, expletive crudity. We will sustain and affirm in deliberate Churchillian supremacy. Hypocrisy, bad governance dividing Nigeria not Boko Haram,… Third term agenda: Afenifere warns Buhari, lawmakers against… Advocacy group sues Buhari, others over tenure elongation… Group slams Oshiomhole over crisis in Edo APC, calls on… “Pretenders and the perennial time-servers shall disappear from the fray. Only the robust and the lucid patriotic band shall endure,” the group said. ALSO READ: Workers’ support, prayers instrumental to our achievements ― Oyetola “And the dark, disruptive uncertainties shall cease, giving way to a renewal and a rebirth of democratic contention,” it assured. The Pathfinder Consortium (TPC), while noting that the big game was afoot ahead of 2023 Presidential Poll, with those it described as the grsndmasters being at the chessboard, assured that its visions for the country was devoid of ethnic or sectarian pursuit. According to it, it is about rebuilding the broken walls, rectifying the festering wrongs and healing the persisting wounds. “It is settled!!! Our vision is stripped of ethnic or sectarian articulations. It is about rebuilding the broken walls, rectifying the festering wrongs, healing the persisting wounds,” the group further assured. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.