Residents across Oyo State are set to be beneficiaries of free health care as the state government, on Tuesday, announced the approval of N54 million to commence a free health mission. State Commissioner for Health, Dr Bashir Bello, stated this alongside his Information, Culture and Tourism counterpart, Dr Wasiu Olatunbosun, while briefing journalists on decisions of the state executive council meeting. Speaking, Bello said the free health mission to be hosted in the 33 local government areas and 35 local council development areas, will cover all categories of ailments, noncommunicable diseases and surgeries. Though he did not give the definite date of commencement, he said the event will begin soon in line with health being one of the pillars of the Makinde administration. He added that the state government had got the buy-in of various medical personnel and consultants to offer their services such that most of the N54 million approved sum will be allocated to the purchase of drugs and medical facilities for the mission. ALSO READ: I joined APC to add value to Abiodun’s govt ― Isiaka Commercial motorists flout ‘one passenger’ rule… Akesan Market Fire: Sports Minister donates relief materials… No going back on Amotekun security outfit ― Olugbon No Oyo worker will earn below N30,000 minimum wage ― Makinde Asked whether the Oyo State Health Insurance Scheme (OYSHIA) won’t be affected, Bello said that the mission would even afford the state opportunity to further sensitise residents on embracing the insurance scheme. At exhaustion of the N54 million, Bello said the state government will do a review to determine if more funds should be allocated for the mission. “The highlight of today’s executive council meeting headed by Governor Seyi Makinde is the approval of free medical services for all the citizenry of Oyo State. “A considerable sum of over N54 million has been approved for the free health services to be conducted throughout the 33 local government areas and 35 local council development areas of Oyo State. “It will cover all categories of medications, necessary equipment to be used and all facilities for the personnel including the provision of items that are of the essence in the different locations. “Provisions have been made to cover not just surgical cases but cases warranting surgical treatment for which our people either due to inability to afford out of pocket expenses just stay at home or due to misinformation or not being aware. His Excellency approved that all living souls should be touched,” Bello said.  STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE