The Lagos State government has commenced review of the senior secondary schools’ curriculum in order to conform to the national curriculum as recently adjusted by the Nigerian Education Research and Development Council (NERDC) and the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) in some subjects. To this end, no fewer than 200 teachers of various subjects and from various public schools in the state converged on the Education Resource Centre, Ojodu, for the exercise. Speaking at the event, the Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, said the schemes of work as reference materials would greatly help teachers to prepare their lessons and other academic activities, arguing that no effective teaching and learning could take place in schools without such documents. How NIGAV spiced up aviation sector with awards Why Turkish Airlines should take heed Nigeria on watch list How to avoid recurring problems in elections —IPAC While acknowledging that learning and teaching cannot be based on outdated curriculum, the commissioner said the state government had resolved to improve on the existing curriculum to reflect the needs of the society. And teachers, she said, are to prepare students for future work place and other lawful activities and therefore would need to be equipped with right knowledge and skills that would help them compete favourably with their peers globally. Adefisayo, in a statement made available to newsmen by the assistant director in charge of the public affairs unit of the ministry, Mr Kayode Sutton, listed critical thinking and problem solving; creativity and imagination, citizenship, communication and collaboration, digital literacy, leadership and personal development as six core skills essential for proper educational development of every child. Earlier in her welcome address, the permanent secretary of the ministry, Mrs. Abosede Adelaja, noted that the review was expected to be concluded before the next academic session. and charged participants to bring in their wealth of experience to bear in the exercise. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.