Controversy on Friday trails the disappearance of a one-year-old toddler, Gold Kolawole, who was kidnapped at the premises of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Ondo state capital, during church service, as a man, Elike Chubuzor, claimed to be the abductor of the boy. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) who earlier confirmed the development and the arrest of Chubuzor, however, described the news as fake He described the suspect as a fraudster who was trying to take advantage of the situation to swindle unsuspecting members of the public. The PPRO who advised the public to disregard the news making the rounds over the arrest of the abductor of the missing baby by the state security operatives said the 39year – old self-acclaimed fraudster will not go unpunished. Joseph said “The Ondo State Police Command wishes to debunk the story trending on the social media that the alleged kidnapper of Master Kolawole Gold has been arrested. ALSO READ: El-rufai launches 1,000 milk farm project in Kubau “This story is by no means correct. What we have in our custody now is a self-confessed Scammer and Serial fraudster. One Chibuzor Elike, 39year old from Cross River, who wanted to take advantage of a bad situation to defraud the people. PDP tackles Ondo govt over rising debt profile Akeredolu has reduced Ondo debt by over fifty per cent ―… Royal family wants Ondo govt to investigate alleged… Irate youths prevent 200 herdsmen from settling in Ondo… “The man who said he heard about the kidnap of young Gold via the social media confessed that he actually called some people and sent some text messages where he stated that he had Kolawole Gold in his Custody and will Only release him after collecting N800,000 “He also confessed that he was not sent by anyone to implicate Pastor Babatunde Alpha of Sotitobire Church as earlier stated in his numerous calls and text messages. The suspect said that he was just looking for a heap way to make money as he knew nothing about the kidnap or the whereabouts of the little boy. The suspect who is now in our custody will appear in court on Monday.” Earlier, the suspect who was arrested in Port Harcourt, River State, had claimed to be behind the abduction of the boy. He claimed he was sent by some Prophets in Akure to blackmail Prophet Babatunde Alfa and his church, and claimed to have the baby in his custody in Akure. But in a twist of event, the suspect said he knew nothing about the kidnap but was using the opportunity to extract money from an unsuspecting member of the public. Counsel to Babatunde Alfa, Barrister Sola Oke, who earlier confirmed the arrest of the fraudster called on the police command to conduct a thorough investigation into the matter. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE