As the Plateau State government and security agencies are making efforts to contain incessant attacks on citizens in Mangu Local Government Area of Plateau State, another 13 were again killed on Wednesday, by gunmen suspected to be herdsmen in the council. The local government had, for some time, been grappling with insecurity. Towards the last quarter of last year, no fewer than 10 people were killed, including district heads and a brother to former Deputy Senate President, Ibrahim Mantu. A source close to the local government revealed that gunmen, armed with sophisticated weapons, and numbering about 20, invaded the neighbouring Pankshin council area on Wednesday at about 8:00 pm and rustled an unspecified number of cows. According to the source, as they were moving the cows to their destination, the rustlers were intercepted by some youths in Kerang, Mangu Local Government Area, who had got wind of the incident. The source added that in the encounter that ensued, the youths arrested seven of the rustlers and recovered some cows from them. ALSO READ: Sokoto govt to verify state workers, pays N30,000 minimum wage “It was a tough battle between the youths and the rustlers. In the end, seven of them were arrested and some of the cows recovered from them. Both the cows and the suspects were handed over to the police in Kerang,” the source said. The source disclosed further that those who escaped went on a shooting spree and later killed 13 people at Kulben village in Kombun district of the same council, adding that the bodies of those killed had been deposited at the Mangu Cottage Hospital. The member representing Mangu South in the state Assembly, Honourable Bala Fwengje, while confirming the killing of 13 people with three injured, said the attack was a rude shock to the people of the local government. He, therefore, called on the government and security agencies to fish out the perpetrators of the act. Buhari condemns attack on Plateau community Another 13 killed, 3 sustain injuries in Plateau Harmattan: 2 died, family of 6 hospitalized in Plateau Police arrest suspected herdsmen for highway robbery in… In a swift reaction to the killings, Plateau State governor, Simon Lalong, condemned the attack which claimed the lives of 13 people in the local government on Wednesday. The governor described the attack as another attempt to puncture the peace that had gradually returned to the state and warned that his administration would not sit and watch any group or individuals return the state to the dark days of insecurity. ALSO READ: Gunmen kidnap monarch’s wife, two daughters, driver in Ondo He said: “We have toiled to ensure that peace returns to Plateau State and we will not allow anyone to make nonsense of our efforts.” He commended security agencies for arresting seven suspects connected to the killings and assured that anyone found culpable would face the full wrath of the law. Meanwhile, Chief Nelson Bakfur, the Mishkaham Mwaghavul of Mwaghavul tribe in Mangu Local Government Area of the state, has condemned the killing of his subjects by gunmen. The paramount ruler made the condemnation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Mangu, on Thursday. He described the killings as “tragic” and “very unnecessary” given the peace being enjoyed not only in Mangu Local Government Area but also in the entire Plateau. “Killing of my kinsmen is not acceptable,” he said. NAN reported that the police command in the state confirmed the killing of persons in the attack, saying the incident was triggered by the rustling of more than 100 cows in Kerang village. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE