As Nigeria seeks to reposition its economy and drive inclusive growth, the Chief Economist of the Price Water House Coopers (PwC) office in the country, Dr. Andrew Nevin, says an annual capital investment of N40trillion is required to achieve bullish growth. Dr Nevin gave a presentation on the prospects for deepening the growth of Microfinance banks in Nigeria, at the 2019 Accion Microfinance Bank Financial Inclusion Seminar in Lagos. He stressed the need for an enabling environment that attracts private capital into critical areas like infrastructure, noting the government has limitations in funding development projects. According to him, Nigeria will require a robust growth of over 6 per cent to uplift millions from poverty and improve the quality of life of the citizens. Currently, the economist noted that Nigeria’s economic growth rate of 2.28 per cent lags behind that of its population, which is 2.6 per cent. Stop celebrating enemies of Nigeria — Pastor Bakare Buratai inspects completed, ongoing projects at three… Bauchi discovers 596 dead workers drawing salaries,… For us to achieve digital economy, prices of mobile services… He opined that private sector investments were critical to driving and deepening Nigeria’s economic growth. According to him, it was imperative for Nigeria to have a robust framework that guarantees private capital investments that can help finance infrastructure and other economic activities. In the year 2020, infrastructure will constitute part of the core focus of the current administration to deepen socio-economic activities which will provide critical funding beyond the 30 per cent capital expenditure. The foreign exchange rate regime of Nigeria will constitute another area of consideration for investors who want to invest in the economy. The World Bank had said that the Nigerian policymakers should be strategic in their economic reforms agenda to improve economic activities which should impact the per capita income of Nigerians. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE