Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has called on judges to show more commitment in the administration of justice, urging them to observe their oath of office as they work for the state. The governor gave the charge during a swearing-in of Judges of Rivers State High Court and Customary Court of Appeal at the Government House Port Harcourt on Tuesday. Those sworn-in by the Rivers State Governor as Judges for the State High Court include Justice Florence Atili Fiberesima (Immediate Past Solicitor General/Permanent Secretary,  Ministry of Justice), Justice Mark Onyema Chuku, ( Former Chief Magistrate 1/Deputy Chief Registrar), and Justice Lemea Ngbor-Abina (Former Private Legal Practitioner). For the Rivers State Customary Court of Appeal, the governor inaugurated Justice Ericonda Amadi as a Judge. He told the judges: “It is easy to take the oath of office and difficult to abide by the oath of office.  As judges, show commitment in the administration of justice. “Wherever you serve, it is important for you to show commitment.” Wike also charged the judges to be fearless, firm and steadfast as they dispense justice for the good of the society, saying that the Judiciary has the responsibility to correct the executive whenever it goes wrong. “This country can be better if the Judiciary plays its role. The Judiciary is the most powerful.  When the Executive is wrong,  the Judiciary is there to correct it. Anything done by the Executive can be upturned by the Judiciary if they are firm,” he said. ALSO READ: I am ready to make impact in Ekiti ― Fayemi Soku oil wells: I am only protecting interest of Rivers… Dickson to Wike: Don’t use disputed oil well saga to cause… Wike makes Contributory Health Insurance Scheme compulsory We have created favourable investment climate for Rivers ―… He called on the Judges to live up to the challenges of dispensing justice. “I vied to be Governor of Rivers State and there are challenges.  You opted to be a judge, there are challenges.  You should be mentally and psychologically prepared to face the challenges. “After today, you are required to do tasking jobs. Jobs that will affect you and your family.  You have taken oath and you must abide by the tenets of the oath”, he said The governor further charged judges of the Rivers State Judiciary to be focused and not be distracted by other responsibilities. He regretted that a few judges, aside serving in the State Judiciary,  were also traditional rulers and advised such judges to choose between the traditional institution and the judiciary. He said: “How can you go to court to seek justice and the Judge that is supposed to preside over the matter is not there? You cannot continue to collect salaries and you are not working. “We are taking the matter of Judges who are Traditional Rulers up with the National Judicial Council for necessary action.” Wike announced that the State Government would legalise the owner-occupier policy of residential quarters for Judges of the State Judiciary saying that the policy was to encourage the judiciary to serve the state better. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE