The organised labour in Ekiti State, has written Governor Kayode Fayemi to express its disenchantment and outright disapproval over what it called “arbitrary sack of its members” in the state. The labour unions added that most disturbing was the rumour milling rounds that the gale of sack, which had hit the Ekiti State University(EKSU) and Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital (EKSUTH), will blow across all government’s tertiary institutions, Ministries, Departments and Agencies. The Chairman, Trade Union Congress, Ekiti chapter, Comrade Sola Adigun, said the labour deemed the letter highly expedient , owing to insinuation that Governor Fayemi was not aware of the mass sack in EKSU and EKSUTH. A total of 1,200 workers were sacked in December by the two institutions. The letter dated January 3, 2020 and addressed to Governor Fayemi, was jointly signed by the Secretary, Nigeria Labour Congress, Comrade Taiwo Akinyemi, his counterpart in the Trade Union Congress, Comrade Lawrence Kuloogun and Joint Negotiating Council’s Scribe, Comrade Gbenga Olowoyo. The letter said the leadership of the organized labour is constraint to bring to the governor’s notice about the recent happenings at the EKSUTH, which revolves around sacking of 200 members of staff of the Health institution. “It is informative to bring to the notice of your esteemed office that the recent sacking scenario happenings around various sectors is not only worrisome but also called for serious attention because of the image that the developments is attracting to our dear state as well as the government of the day. “For instance, information at the disposal of Organized Labour leadership as well as in the public domain indicated that those that were sacked, disengaged or compulsorily retired did not follow due process. “Also, it is very disheartening to inform your Excellency that some workers that have four, three and two years were caught up in the web of this ugly development which is not in the best interest of entire workforce and generality of Ekitis. New Year: Labour Minister assures commitment to… Fayemi urges new LG chairmen to prioritize people’s… Organised labour hails Gombe gov for settling backlog of… Sowore, Dasuki’s release soothing balm for Nigeria ―… “It is beyond our comprehension that one Mr. Femi Adeleye Daniel a staff in the Porter Departmental of Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital (EKSUTH) was allegedly given compulsory retirement, vide a letter with reference EKSUTH/A/982 dated 24th December 2019, because of his involvement in the mobilization of workers for workers’ congress meeting held at the Teaching Hospital premises.” ALSO READ: Edo APC chairman inaugurates membership mobilization committee ” Following from the above, the organized Labour is seriously concerned with information milling rounds that the current sacking, compulsory and untimely retirement of workers, is a whirlwind that will soon blow across the entire workforce in the state. “We don’t want to believe the rumours peddling around that the state government want to have mass disengagement of workers that have two or three more years in the Public Service of Ekiti State. “There is no gainsaying the fact that some workers who were unjustly dismissed/ retired by the past administration but were reinstated by your administration which further buttress your good dispositions not only to workers but also to humanity; rather, it will be irony of life that similar things are now happening under your administration.” The labour said it was sad and worrisome, that the action would be undertaken at the Ekiti School of Health Technology, Ijero Ekiti, Ekiti State College of Education, Ikere Ekiti, Ekiti State Local Government Service Commission (NULGE), Broadcasting Service of Ekiti State, Ekiti State Water Corporation, Ekiti State Electricity Board, Ekiti State Housing Corporation, Core Civil Service; Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs), Ekiti State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) Primary School Teacher, Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM) Secondary School Teachers, Hospital Management Board, among others. “Arising from the above, these developments have started causing uneasy calm among the workforce in Ekiti which requires Mr Governor’s quick and fatherly intervention. It is expedient and imperative to remind His Excellency of his commitment that he will not allow anything untowards to affect the workforce in Ekiti State and you promised during your inaugural speech “that you are back as an healing balm on a painful wound”. The labour stated further, ” it is on the strength of the above commitment that the leadership of the organized labour is hereby calling your attention to the above information in respect of Ekiti State University, (EKSU) and Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital, Ado Ekiti (EKSUTH) for your quick intervention to put a stop to these ugly trends so as not to give your administration and Ekiti State a bad name in the comity of States in Nigeria. “It is unimaginable that management of any Governmental institution(s) could contemplate to give sack letters as Christmas and New Year gift to breadwinners. This is killing, ” the labour concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE