President Muhammadu Buhari has assured that his government will not tolerate religious intolerance in the country. A statement issued by presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Tuesday, also affirmed that security forces are working continuously to return those taken hostage by Boko Haram to their families, friends and communities. “In doing this, the government has full confidence in their ability to accomplish the task,” the statement said. “This government shall never tolerate religious intolerance. We clearly and unambiguously restate our support for the freedom to practice whichever belief you wish. The politicisation of religion – as forbidden by the constitution – has no place in Nigeria,” the statement stated. The presidency’s statement is apparently a response to that of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) which charged the Federal Government to deploy every available resource at its disposal to ensure that all Christians in the captivity of Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists are freed. ALSO READ: Anti-party activities: PDP govs defend Umahi We won’t cease talking about insecurity until… Buhari meets INEC’s boss, IGP, demands free, fair re-run… Talks of 2023 succession premature ― Tinubu BREAKING: Buhari reverses REA MD’s suspension, exonerates… CAN’s President, Reverend Dr Samson Ayokunle, had on Monday, observed that the latest attacks were evidence of Christian persecution in Nigeria. However, according to the statement, on its own part, the government has condemned some of the appalling acts of terror, especially following the festive period. The statement added: “Yet, to continue to see these happenings solely in religious terms – removed from social, economic and environmental factors – simplifies complexities that must be heeded. Not seeing them as they should be is exactly what the terrorists and groups wish: they want Nigerians to see their beliefs as reason to turn against one another. “On the contrary, Christians and Muslims alike are united in their opposition to Boko Haram and the hatred for decency that the infamous group stands for. “Nigerians must continue to be united in ensuring that they do not subscribe to the terrorists’ message of division. “Unfortunately, some leaders and politicians seek to make political capital from our religious differences. As we fight Boko Haram on the ground, so too must we tackle their beliefs: stability and unity in face of their hatred is itself a rejection of their worldview.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE