AN 18-year-old girl, Munirat Alhaji, who was attacked with acid by her own brother, has appealed to Nigerians to help her recover medically. The girl, an indigene of Ojodu in Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State, is currently being treated at the Federal Medical Centre in Lokoja. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the victim’s brother, who was allegedly responsible for the attack, has been arrested by the police. It was further learnt that the suspect blamed his mother for his inability to be successful in life after he consulted with a spiritualist. Speaking with the Nigerian Tribune on her hospital bed, Munirat said: “I was already asleep on that fateful day, August 28, 2019, at about 1:00 a.m, when I suddenly heard my mother shouting from her room. “When I rushed into her room, I discovered that my brother had poured something on her body, which I later got to know that it was acid. He didn’t stop there, he got a stick and was about beating my mother when I tried to stop him. Progressives, Northern Governors’ Forums pay condolence… Court fixes February 27 to rule on impeachment of Achuba as… Remembrance Day: Kogi governor promises more support for… Two burnt to death in Kogi auto accident ALSO READ: Landlord docked for allegedly locking tenant out of apartment “Angered by this, he poured the remaining acid on my face and body. That was how I found myself in the hospital. It was later that I found out my brother consulted a native doctor who informed him that our mother was responsible for his travails. “My mother and I were initially admitted here together, but she died three months after. Now, for me to survive, the hospital said I need about N2 million to undergo surgery and pay all the outstanding bills. Nigerians should come to my aid.” While speaking, the doctor in-charge of Munirat’s case, Dr Ebune Ojochide, consultant plastic and reconstructive surgeon, said a lot of treatment had been carried out on her, adding that acid burn is not something that can be worked on immediately. He said the damages done on her skin need stage-by-stage procedures to bring her back to near perfection. “We need to work on her mouth, ear and appearance, but the challenge of mobilising funds for the surgery is what is delaying us,” he said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE