A Non-Governmental Organisation, Bayo Arowolaju Foundation (BAF), has given scholarship awards to indigent students and other youth groups in Ekiti State. The yearly awards were presented in different categories, three best students in an essay competition organised for students in tertiary institutions; three best students in Quiz competition for secondary schools; and the three best community football teams. In the Essay competition category, Ayodele Adekunle, from the Department of Education and English language at the Ekiti State University, Ado Ekiti emerged the overall best; Oluwaseyi Talabi, a student of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife studying Medical Rehabilitation, came second, while a Civil Engineering student, Arominiyi Olamide of the Federal University of Oye (FUOYE) came third in the essay competition. Under the Quiz competition category, first place, Ajibola Ayomide of God’s Brightest Pride College, Omuo-Oke Ekiti; Odesanmi Taiwo, student of Methodist High School, Isinbode – Ekiti was the first runners up, while a student of Community Grammar School, Kota Ekiti, Joshua Daniel emerged second runners up. ALSO READ: Baby of the year: Minister donates items to 120 babies in Abuja In the community football competition category held in the local government area, Omuo Ekiti won first place, Isinbode Ekiti came second while Eda-Ile Ekiti came third. The founder and Chief Executive Officer of the foundation, Dr Bayo Arowolaju stated that the creed of the foundation lies in its commitment to restoring hope and improving lives at the grassroots. He added that since the beginning of its activities in Nigeria, BAF has invested heavily in educational grants and programmes that enhanced the advancement of the youths in the area. According to him, ” In a competitive and global economy, our youths cannot compete when they lack the necessary tools. Therefore, BAF made a commitment to invest heavily in technological tools by providing laptops, cell phones, and other educational electronic tools that the youth need in order to compete with or against their counterparts in U.S.A, China, Canada, Brazil, Japan and excel globally.” Arowolaju explained that the gesture does not have any political undertone, saying, ” It is rather unfortunate that there is no good deed done these days without ascription of either political underpinning or ulterior motives. “Unfortunately, what we are doing is not a requirement for entering into the political space in Nigeria. The requirements to enter into political space in Nigeria are; having godfathers/mothers and money and not investments in the people.” He noted that individuals and corporate organisation must join hands with the government towards developing the human capital of residents in a bid to end the growing unemployment rate in the country. “True patriots should come out and help the government through investment in human capital development and resources. This is the only way we can succeed as a country,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.