This year, travel, tourism and hospitality professionals from around the world will have an opportunity to explore the next generation in-destination trends and innovations at the Middle East’s first ever edition of Arival Dubai @ ATM, which will take place alongside Arabian Travel Market (ATM) 2020 at the Dubai World Trade Centre from April 19 to 22, 2020. The dedicated forum, which will take place on Sunday  April 19, will enable vendors, agents and operators of tours, activities and attractions to gain invaluable insights into the latest trends and challenges impacting the in-destination industry, as well as improve customer experience and business development throughout the Middle East market. Danielle Curtis, Exhibition Director ME, Arabian Travel Market, said, “According to the latest data from research firm Phocuswright, tours, activities and attractions are currently the third largest and fastest growing sector within the travel and tourism industry, representing approximately US$180 billion in global travel spend annually. Add to this, one third of tours, activities and attractions are booked online at present with the Middle East representing one of the world’s fastest growing online travel experience markets, and we can see a pattern forming.” Given their competitive edge, it is clear that professionals within the tours and attractions segment in the Middle East as well as associated travel brands, need to invest in the latest technology and innovative online booking tools in order to capitalise on this rapidly expanding travel experiences sector. Sokoto Rerun: INEC partners EFCC, other agencies for… Buhari nominates IMF executive director as CBN deputy gov Gov Lalong commends security agents over rescue of kidnapped… Oniyangi, Kwara frontline medical doctor and elder statesman… Delegates at the inaugural Arival Dubai @ ATM forum will have access to a packed conference agenda featuring high-profile keynote speakers, with Arival Co-Founder and CEO Douglas Quinby, kicking off proceedings with a session on the current and future in-destination trends, challenges and opportunities shaping the Middle East sector. The forum will also feature ‘Ask Me Anything Interviews’ with a range of senior executives from leading attractions and online agencies within the region. The original edition of Arival was launched in Las Vegas in 2017, with conferences now taking place across Europe, Asia and the United States. Owing to the success of Arival events to date, Arabian Travel Market organiser Reed Travel Exhibitions, partnered with Arival to bring the very first event of its kind to the Middle East. Douglas Quinby, Co-Founder and CEO, Arival, said “The Middle East has become a rising star in the travel and tourism industry with tours, activities, attractions and experiences becoming one of the fastest growing sectors. Running from April 16 to 23, 2020, this week-long festival of events for travel professionals invites the international travel community to Dubai to shape the next 12 months of tourism through exhibitions, conferences, breakfast briefings, awards, product launches, parties and more. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE