The governorship candidate of the African Democratic Congress (ADC), in the last general elections, in Ogun State, Prince Gboyega Nasir Isiaka, on Tuesday, declared that the progressive approach to governance of the State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, made him defect from his former party to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Isiaka stated while addressing journalists shortly after he led thousands of his loyalists under the umbrella of The Believe Movement in ADC to APC, at an official declaration and presentation of flag held at the Ake Palace Ground, Abeokuta. The former governorship candidate said he shared the values of the present administration mantra of “Building Our Future Together” agenda. Isiaka, a three-time governorship candidate, promised that his Movement and Statewide structure joining APC was with a sense of sincerity, value alignment, sacrifice and willingness to pursue a common goal. He said: “Our Movement is deeply Progressive in its ideological orientation with focus on progressive program and policies such as human capital development (health and education), good wage policy, a functional and well-funded pension scheme, progressive economic policies, caring for the weak and vulnerable in the society (social welfare) and infrastructural development. ALSO READ: Kwara bans religious preachings in public schools Tambuwal calls for calm over Supreme Court adjournment of… Buhari hails Lawan’s achievements at 61 Akesan market fire: Oyo APC team visits Alaafin, assures on… Ondo kidnapped victims regain freedom “It is gratifying to note that these same programs constitute the cornerstone of the All Progressive Congress which we have decided to join the ranks of millions of its membership in the State today. “With our modest contribution to deepening democratic development in this State over the last decade, alongside our core values of hard work, integrity, resilience, delayed gratification, shared prosperity and Omoluabi creed; we were persuaded that we have what it takes not only to power governance but indeed create a happy and prosperous people. These, we have dutifully pursued over the last three electoral cycles; even though providence has chosen otherwise!” In his remarks, Governor Abiodun promised to include new defectors from the ADC and People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in his cabinet. The governor who commended the political parties for following due process in joining the ruling APC promised to give the new members a sense of belonging. He said: “We have kept appointments for you because we know you are coming. “Be rest assured, there are still lots of appointments to be made. This is Ogun State and we have a lot that can ensure that everybody has a sense of belonging and participation.” He solicited the support of APC members to work harmoniously without the new defectors. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE