The Ekiti State government has alerted residents of the state on the need to maintain personal hygiene following the outbreak of deadly Lassa fever disease in neighbouring states. The government has also announced the establishment of a special centre where suspected victims will be treated. It will be recalled that the National Center for Disease Control(NCDC) had disclosed that no fewer than 16 persons have been confirmed dead in Ondo State as a result of the disease. Speaking in Ado Ekiti on Thursday at the flag-off of a yellow fever vaccination programme, the Commissioner for Health, Dr Mojisola Yaya-Kolade, said Governor Kayode Fayemi had ordered that for the taking of proactive action, in view of the ugly statistics of the disease in neighbouring states. She said: “The state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has placed all the health officers in Ekiti on alert and we have designated one of our facilities for the special purpose of receiving any suspected case to the place for immediate treatment. The experts have held meetings with the Governor in this regard. ALSO READ: Team Earth emerges InterswitchSPAK 2.0 innovation challenge winner “It has affected Ondo State, our neighbour and we need to be on alert because of the proximity. It is also spreading in Kano. The high number of people have been diagnosed in Ondo. “Leaders of the health sector are in dialogue with stakeholders and international partners. We have got the mandate of the governor for the procurement of equipment like protective jackets and consumables that will be needed to diagnose and treat any victim. Lassa fever: Oyo govt cautions against bushmeat consumption,… Christians have become endangered species in Nigeria ― CAN Killing of Journalist: Shi’ites deny attacking police BREAKING: FG reverses self on Amotekun “We have also created a location among the health facilities in Ekiti where potential victims will be taken for treatment. That arrangement had been made. We are also sensitising our people by letting them know that when you noticed symptoms like body ache, diarrhoea, nausea, vomiting, stomach ache and when the temperature keeps rising after being treated for malaria fever, then report immediately. Ekiti must be on alert. Prevention is better than cure. We don’t want our people to die in Ekiti as a result of this disease,” she stated. Yaya-Kolade, who represented the first lady, Mrs Bisi Fayemi at the flagged off of anti-yellow fever campaign, stated that the infection is common in Africa and the statewide vaccination is meant to safeguard the populace and stop the spread of the disease in Ekiti. She assured the people of Governor Fayemi’s political will for the provision of financial and necessary manpower for the success of the yellow fever vaccination programme. “We implore the parents, guardians and caregivers to use this opportunity to vaccinate their wards. We thank the World Health Organisation (WHO) and United Nations Endowment Fund (UNICEF) and other partners for their concerns for the well-being of Ekiti populace,” the commissioner said. Also speaking about the danger poses by yellow fever, the WHO’s Regional representative, Dr Funmi Kolude, added that the vaccine provides age-long protection for those that are vaccinated. “When you take the vaccine, keep your cards because it provides lifetime protection, though it has no contraindications. You can get infected through mosquito and it is a hemorrhagic fever, which can spread man- to -man, we don’t want the spread of such diseases in Ekiti.” The Chairman, Ekiti State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Mrs Monisola Oloro, said the acute viral haemorrhagic attack is potentially dangerous and can kill any victim, if not properly treated. “Two cases of yellow fever has been identified in Ekiti with 24 suspected cases in 2019. The disease has no boundary, so we need to protect ourselves against contagious diseases that can shorten our life expectancy,” she added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE