Youths in Yorubaland have asked the Federal Government and the Attorney General of Federation(AGF )and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, to apologise to people in the region following the declaration as illegal, the South-West Security Network codenamed Operation Amotekun. While asking the AGF to withdraw the purported declaration, the youth under the aegis of Yoruba Youths Assembly said any attempt to cancel Amotekun will lead to war and the break up of the country. The assembly made this known in a press statement issued on Friday, and signed by the assembly’s national president, Hon. Olarinde Thomas; vice president & Oyo State coordinator, Idowu Dennis; national publicity secretary, Nathaniel Oduyemi and state coordinators of the assembly in Ekiti, Osun, Lagos and Ondo, Arc. Williams Akingbola, Hon. Olaoye Joseph, Engr. Afolabi Akeem and Comrade Olugbode Fadekemi respectively. The group said the security of the South-West region “should be the priority of any responsible government,” and not one to be politicised as done by the FG and the Miyetti Allah. It said “linking our security to politics is an height of aberration and for this reason, we smell breakup in this country.” ALSO READ: Ex-Generals, other retired military officers back Amotekun While stating that the FG stood helpless as insurgency and insecurity dissipated the north, the group said it cannot stand idly while those in the South-West are turned into displaced persons as a result of insecurity in the region. Imo: PDP condemnation of Supreme Court, recipe for anarchy ―… Buhari promises to bequeath free, fair elections to… Oyo govt frowns at renovation of public infrastructure for… Physically challenged persons take to streets in Abuja over… “The recent pronouncement by the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, to us, is an evidence that the northerners are truly and deliberately behind insecurity across the country. “This Federal Government’s stand also shows that President Muhammadu Buhari is only interested in securing the northerners and is not really concerned about what happens to other regions. “If not, why would he not raise eyebrows against the already existing security groups operating in the north but would be all out to quash our own security in the south. We would stop at nothing to ensure that the Southwest Security Network codenamed as ‘Amotekun’ works in the Yoruba speaking states. “It is in their domineering thought to relegate the said security outfit and politicise the security of the Yoruba nation. “We are using this medium to tell the Federal Government and Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, to withdraw the threat on the Yoruba governors and allow the smooth operation of Amotekun. The AGF should apologise to Yoruba people for attempting to block the security of our people. “We believe we are not wrong when we organised a group that will protect the lives and properties of our people. Because we won’t wait till insurgency, kidnapping, highway robbery, ritual activities and banditry make our territory unsafe for us all,” the statement reads in part. Recall that AGF Malami, on Tuesday, declared Operation Amotekun as illegal, less than six days after it was launched by South-West governors in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital to complement efforts of security agencies in protecting lives and people in the region. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE