Ahead Thursday’s launch of South West Joint Security Network codenamed “Amotekun”, members of the Nigerian Legion, Oyo State command has promised expertise assistance to engender effectiveness of the set-to-be launched security network. Chairman, Nigerian Legion, Oyo State Command, Mr Michael Fajimi, said this in Ibadan during the launch of the Appeal Week Emblem as part of activities marking the 2020 Armed Forces Remembrance Day in Oyo State, on Monday. While assuring of the support of ex-servicemen for security strides across the South West, Fajimi asked for increased funding support for the dependants of old soldiers and war veterans. He decried that legions in the state had not gotten required governmental funding for its projects and activities for the past 10 years. “As veterans who have seen and participated in wars and peacekeeping, we assure His Excellency of our full support for this government that lays serious emphasis on security of the state with the latest outfit tagged “Amotekun” which is to be launched soon. ALSO READ: Again, another six persons kidnapped in Abuja “Since we are spread to the nook and crannies of the state, we promise to give our expertise assistance to the security agencies in our areas for you to achieve your goals of good governance for the people of the state. Armed Forces Remembrance Day: Oyo will support Nigerian… Sen Akanbi condoles Oyo people, Alaafin, govt over Akesan… UPDATE: One dead, three injured as fire razes Akesan market… Nigeria must regulate admission age of pupils in secondary… “In South West, for the past 10 years, governors in neighbouring states during the launching donate generously to the Nigerian Legion, but the reverse is the case in our state. “Many of those states have used the money to embark on capital projects which enhances the welfare of their members. It is our hope that during your tenure as executive governor of Oyo state, things will change for better,” Fajimi said. Speaking, Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, represented at the event by his deputy, Mr Rauf Olaniyan, called on all Nigerians to continue to care for the needs of maimed soldiers, the children, widows and other dependants of fallen heroes. In showing support, he announced the donation of the sum of N3 million to launch 2020 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration Emblem. He said the donations would support ex-servicemen and women with disabilities and those who are now under-privileged, adding that it was noteworthy that collective efforts should be made to consciously care for the needs of maimed soldiers, their widows, their children and other dependants. He appealed to corporate organisations, industrialists, commercial firms, philanthropists and all individuals to donate generously to the Armed Forces Remembrance Emblem Appeal Week Fund. “It is imperative to note that the Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration was borne out of the need to honour our fallen heroes who laid down their precious lives in service to humanity during the first and second World Wars, Nigerian Civil War, Peace Support and Internal Security Operations. “The occasion is also designed to honour and sensitize the public on the need to cater for the welfare of veterans who are still alive as well as families of the fallen heroes/heroines,” Makinde said. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE