The Federal Government has appealed to residents in border communities to exercise more patience over the suspension of fuel supply to their areas. Recall that the Federal Government, through the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), in November 2019, announced the suspension of petrol and diesel supply to filling stations within 20 kilometres radius to all Nigerian borders. The people of the area have since been complaining that the policy is having an adverse effect on them; saying it has paralysed economic activities in their domain. They alleged that on many occasions, security agents involved in the Exercise Swift Response extort them by demanding money from them whenever they travel 20km to buy few litres of fuel. But the Federal Government, through the Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution (IPCR), said the people should continue to endure the hardship, saying it is for the betterment of the Nigerian economy and won’t last till eternity. While addressing indigenes of border communities in Agosasa, Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun State, on Saturday, a Research Fellow at IPCR, Charles Olalekan Okunlola, said the agency had listened to the complaint of the people as far as border closure is concerned. ALSO READ: DPR shutdowns 7 illegal LPG retailers’ shops in Sokoto DPR seals 12 illegal gas plants in Ogun PDP, ADC bigwigs defect to APC in Ogun Tuesday I’m committed to boosting public service with technology ―… Governor Abiodun to swear in commissioners Friday Okunlola maintained that the people should continue to be peaceful, even with security agents, who he said they accused of making the situation more unbearable for them. He said the IPCR has gathered information from traditional rulers in the area; saying the report would be submitted to appropriate authorities with necessary recommendations. “We know you have been patient with government and security operatives, especially with the adverse effects you said the ban on the supply of fuel to your communities is having on you and your businesses. “Please continue to be patient and be peaceful. The people have really talked about the adverse effect this border closure is having on them, especially the ban on supply of petroleum products to border communities. “When we get to the office, we will analyse and make recommendations to the government. The traditional ruler told us your patience. He said if it were to be another side of the country, there could have been crisis. So, we want to encourage you to exercise more patience so as to allow peace in this community. “After getting to our office, we will write a policy recommendation and forward to the Federal Government. The government needs to come to the aid of people in border communities,” Okunlola stated. IPCR is an agency under the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs; it is saddled with the promotion of peace and security in Nigeria and Africa. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE