Dressed in the academy’s traditional white shirt and trouser school uniform matched with navy blue and red tie, old students of Baptist Academy class of ‘85 and ‘89 under the auspices of Baptist Academy Old Students Association, BAOSA converged on the school auditorium in Obanikoro, Lagos for thanksgiving and a reunion dinner. The reunion, according to them, is also an opportunity to honour committed and dedicated members of BAOSA who have served and contributed immensely to the growth of the association selflessly. In his speech as chairman, BAOSA ’85-89 sets, Oladeji Popoola disclosed that the reunion is about the need to reconnect with many friends that have been of influence to each other for many years. He said, “We are grateful that we have the opportunity to gather today to celebrate over 30 years of life after high school. Our lives have followed many paths over the years. There have been many twists and turns. We have celebrated great joys in our individual lives and we have suffered great pains. In spite of these, we are grateful to God for the partnership we have with Him and that His grace has been sufficient for all of us in times of celebration and trials.” According to Popoola, the reunion is not just another party. He said, it is about lifting the less-disadvantaged among the old students that struggle to make ends meet. A New York, United States of America based Professor of Medicine, Adeyinka Adebayo, BAOSA, 83/88 set, who is also one of the recipients of the award of excellence, said hard-work, diligence and paying attention to details always pay good dividends. “We were taught that there is no shortcut to success in life. I graduated from this prestigious academy 31 years ago. As students, we were imparted with high moral standards, the doctrine of discipline and paying attention to details. We were made to understand that hard-work and diligence give good dividends in life. These were the principles that more or less shape my life that I will not depart from. They have been my guiding principles both in my private and professional life,” he said. I can estimate financial value of victims from short… Tell herdsmen to vacate our land, Ekiti community begs govt Obasanjo, Soyinka, others for ‘Never Again… Two dragged to court over conspiracy, false information in… Travelling light into the new year and new decade Another old student, Michael Asuelime, a creative Director of Music and Film incorporated services and chairman, reunion planning committee, on his part, said Lagos Baptist Academy taught him to be anxious of success but not to be desperate. Assuring members of BAOSA of the readiness of the association towards their welfare, Lanleyin Olasunkanmi, Secretary, BAOSA reunion planning committee said in line with the association’s slogan, the welfare of members would be addressed. At the centre of the empowerment was an old student of the academy class of ’86 set, Sikiru Memudu who lost his job and his wife almost at the same period. Sikiru has been one of the committed members of BAOSA. In spite of his lack, he found out time to attend to the call of the association and when the need for the empowerment arose, he was considered. After he was presented with a tricycle, highly elated Sikiru could not hold back his joy. “I really thank the executives and members of BAOSA for this empowerment. What can I say other than a very big thank you to you all especially to the 1986 set. You all stood by me during my trials since I lost my wife and job about three years ago. Without your efforts and assistance, things could have gone worse but you gave me hope and something to live for.” Awards were given out to deserving members of the academy who excelled in their chosen profession and shown commitment and dedication to the cause of the association. Some of the recipients of BAOSA award for excellence included Prince Adewale Taoreed Ojora, former CEO, Lagos State Law Enforcement Training Institute, (LETI); Deji Popoola, CEO, Fina Trust Microfinance Bank; Michael Asuelime, Chinedu Orih, Ayodeji Fadoju, Prof Adebayo Adekoya, Prof Adeyinka Adebayo amongst other. BAOSA Life Time Commitment Awards were given to Houston Ehiabhi, Samson Kuyinu both president and vice-president of BAOSA 85-89 set UK Chapter respectively and Babatunde Abejoye, General Secretary, BAOSA 85-89 set, Lagos chapter.  STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO  WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS FREE PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE