The trigger-happy police officer attached to a commercial Bank in Yenagoa that fired two gunshots that injured a yet-to-be-identified commercial bus-driver and a National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) member on Monday has been arrested and detained by the Bayelsa State Police command. The Bayelsa Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Asinim Butswat, confirmed the incident, saying that the officer fired the shots during an altercation with a driver of a commercial bus over parking rights in front of the bank where he was on duty. Mr Asinim in a statement said that in the ensuing argument, the policeman allegedly pulled the trigger of his rifle injuring the driver and one other occupant of the bus, assuring that the bus-driver and the NYSC member injured in the incident are currently receiving treatment at the Federal Medical Center, Yenagoa. In the statement, Asinim further explained that the Commissioner of Police in charge of the Command has condemned the shooting incident, while expressing his sympathy with the injured victims and family, as well promising that the case will be comprehensively and conclusively investigated. ALSO READ: Gov. Bello receives new Kogi commissioner of police Gov. Bello receives new Kogi commissioner of police Four bandits killed, others arrested in Kogi Wike rejects PDP’s reconciliation moves, calls for… Do not reject being posted as teachers, Ganduje urges corps… Parts of the statement read “the authorities of Bayelsa Police Command has arrested and taken into custody one Police Mobile Force (PMF) personnel for suspicion of Discreditable Conduct and Unlawful Use of his Firearm. “The suspect, a male NCO, who was arrested on the orders of the State Commissioner of Police, CP Uche Anozia is currently in detention at the State Criminal Intelligence and Investigation Department, Yenagoa. “The unfortunate incident leading to his arrest happened on 6th January 2020 when a PMF personnel on duty in a leading commercial bank in Yenagoa had an altercation with a driver of a commercial bus over parking rights. “In the ensuing argument, the policeman allegedly pulled the trigger of his rifle injuring the driver and one other occupant of the bus. “Police Operatives of the Command who responded to the incident have evacuated and rushed the victims to the hospital and they are currently responding to treatment. “Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police in charge of the Command has condemned the shooting incident and called for calm from the citizens. While expressing his sympathy with the injured victims, family and friends, he has equally promised that the case will be comprehensively, speedily and conclusively investigated, and all indicted persons brought to justice.” STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE