THE Oyo State police command has given more insights into the Thursday’s killing of a trado-medical practitioner, Alhaji Fatai Yusuf, popularly known as Oko Oloyun, linking it with a case of fraud in the deceased’s company. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Olugbenga Fadeyi, in a statement made available to Saturday Tribune on Friday, said the command’s Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in Igbo-Ora received a report that around Akeroro area on the Abeokuta-Igbo-Ora-Iseyin Road, the two-car convoy of Oko Oloyun was ambushed by yet to be identified assailants after passing through five police stop-and-search teams along the route. The police spokesman said the assailants fired at the moving vehicles from inside the bush on the route and escaped back into the bush after killing the businessman. The statement reads in part: “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Police Command, CP Shina T Olukolu, wishes to put the record straight on the most unfortunate death of Alhaji FataiYussuf, a.k.a. Oko Oloyun, on Thursday, 23rd January, 2020. “A report was received by the Divisional Police Officer, DPO, Igbo-Ora, that around Akeroro area on the Abeokuta-Igbo-ora-Iseyin Road, the two-car convoy of the deceased was allegedly ambushed shortly after passing through five different police stop-and-search teams along the route by yet to be identified assailants who fired at the moving vehicles on the road from the thick forest. “The two-man armed escort of policemen protecting the deceased engaged the assailants but they managed to escape back into the forest after a single shot had hit the deceased who died later of his bullet injuries. “However, an interesting twist to the story was that the deceased probably had earlier detected an alleged book keeping records fraud in his Lagos office which subsequently allegedly led to the burning/destruction of some financial/book keeping records. “In addition to other possible motives, a plausible nexus is therefore being suspected between the fire incident and the attack on the deceased. “Meanwhile, some of the staff and his two police escorts are being questioned by a team of crack detectives from the homicide section of State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID), Iyaganku, Ibadan, with a view to finding and apprehending the fleeing suspects who carried out the heinous act. CBN raises alarm over escalating public debt A look at Amotekun security outfit ‘My parents are my greatest support system’ Nigerian govt has continually misplaced its priorities… “The Commissioner of Police, therefore, seizes this opportunity to appeal to any member of the public with credible information not to hesitate in passing same to the Oyo State Police Command to assist in the detection of the crime and apprehension of the offenders, while at the same time, assuring members of the public that the police are on top of the situation and working with other police formations/units to ensure that the directive of the Inspector General of Police, IGP, M. A. Adamu, to crack this case as quickly as possible is complied with to the letter. “In addition, it is our resolve that no matter how long it takes, the Commissioner of Police promises to bring the culprits to justice within the shortest possible time.” Meanwhile, the Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, has promised to take a keen interest in the investigation of Yusuf’s murder, warning against any cover-up in the matter. In a statement by its national publicity secretary, Mr Yinka Odumakin, Afenifere described the killing as a testament to the prevailing insecurity in Yorubaland. The statement reads: “The attention of Afenifere has been called to the brutal murder of Oko Oloyun in the continued sad and long story of insecurity in Yorubaland. “We pray for the repose of the soul of the gentleman and we promise to take keen interest in the investigations into the dastardly act. “Smarting from the abandoned investigation into the July 12, 2019 murder of Mrs Funke Olakunrin, we urge the police not to attempt another cover-up on this murder. “We say this because we have noted the rushed statement of the police suggesting a desperate attempt to divert attention from the fact that the Eruwa-Igbo Ora route, on which he was killed, is a notorious axis of Fulani bandits. “The police rushing to the press unprofessionally to say he discovered fraud in his office before the incident without carrying out any investigation may foreclose other possible leads. “Every human life is precious to us and this is another test of the capacity of the Nigerian police which is seriously challenged at the moment.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE