MULTIPLE gas explosions, on Saturday, killed six persons and razed many shops and vehicles in the Sabon-Tasha area of Kaduna metropolis in Kaduna State. Eyewitnesses told Sunday Tribune that the explosions took place at a retail gas plant when the owners were refilling some cylinders at about 2:24 pm on Saturday. The eyewitnesses said some of the victims were customers who had come to refill their cylinders while other victims were workers of the affected shops and neighbours. “After the gas explosion, some human parts were seen on the floor as sympathisers who came to the scene were shouting and shedding tears,” one of the eyewitnesses said. Mr. Philip Kambai, one of the witnesses who was having a haircut in one of the shops beside the scene of the incident said he saw two persons, including an elderly man, burn to ashes. “The barber and I narrowly escaped before the entire building housing his shop and other shops mostly salons, boutique and others was engulfed in fire,” he said. According to him, about six people that he knew including a lady that went to buy gas and the attendant were killed by the explosion. Also, Francis Yusuf, another person at the scene of the incident, said he just left the barbing salon when the explosion occurred. “I was leaving the salon and left three persons waiting for their turn to have their haircut when  I heard the blast behind me,” he said. Another eyewitness, Mohammed Baba, said he was driving loaded fuel tanker when he saw the explosion that started from the gas shop and had to reverse. “I just loaded product from NNPC when I saw a blast in front of me, so I had to reverse and take another direction. Only God knows what would have happened if I had got to the place where the explosion occurred,” he said. Another passer-bye, who identified himself as Bulus, told Sunday Tribune on the hospital bed he was inside a commercial tricycle when the explosion occurred. Alaafin talks tough over robber-herdsmen in Ekiti Nigerians to pay more for electricity from April Kogi govt fingers external collaborators in Tawari attack Solutions to banditry, poor economy, others can’t be found… “I was inside Keke NAPEP when the explosion occurred. Though I sustained injuries, I am grateful to God that I survived it,” he said. Families and friends were seen visiting nearby hospitals to check for their loved ones. It was gathered that the late arrival of firefighters affected rescue efforts as those who were trapped by the inferno could have been saved. Meanwhile, the Kaduna State government has described the gas explosions as sad. In a statement issued on Saturday and signed by the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs,  Mr Samuel Aruwan, the state government was sad over the death of people as a result of the explosions. According to the statement: “The Kaduna State government has condoled with the families that lost their loved ones following the gas explosions today. Our thoughts are with them in this sad moment. “The incident occurred in a business premises located along Kachia Road, Sabon Tasha, in Chikun Local Government Area. “The state government also sympathised with the citizens that sustained injuries in the explosions. The state government commends the emergency services, including firefighters of both Kaduna State and the Federal Fire Service and the Red Cross. “The government has also expressed its gratitude  to the security agencies that participated in the search and rescue exercise.” Mr Paul Aboi, Director, Kaduna State Fire Service, said that the gas explosions took place in a compact place where there were many shops. He said the situation was put under control by men of the fire service with the support of  the police, civil defence, Red Cross and the Federal Road Safety  Corps (FRSC). Aboi said those who sustained injuries as a result of the blast had been rushed to the hospital for intensive care. He said some cars were damaged while several building glasses where shattered. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE