Fast-rising music sensation, Miracle Kelechi Chike, famously known as Miraboi, may have cut his teeth in the entertainment industry as public relations expert, but the budding artiste discovered that his passion lies in singing, hence, his decision to go into music on a full scale. With debut single, My Baby, Miraboi did not disappoint his fans as be proved to many music lovers that he is not a career that would fade away after one hit song. The song enjoyed airplay across the country as he recorded positive reviews that showed that his mind is set on the bigger picture where he would be sharing stages with top music acts across the country and beyond. Speaking with Tribune Online on how he discovered he could sing, the young artiste said while many people believed that success comes easy, Miraboi said he knew delving into music was going to be hard, but he was ready to work hard and become successful at it. ALSO READ: EFCC raids popular night Club in Ibadan, arrests 89 Yahoo boys “Some people think success just comes at the right time without making efforts but not knowing it’s a matter of hard work and process,” he said. Governor Ganduje extends hands of fellowship to opposition (Update) Imo: Secondus, Obi lead PDP protest in Abuja amid… Abule Egba, Lagos pipeline explosion: NNPC GMD decries spate… Housekeeper, driver in court for allegedly stealing $8,400 Speaking further on how his growing up shaped his life, the My Baby singer added that he had not seen anyone who made it in life without a dint of hard work. “At an early age of 15, I started with a service of rendering music graphics cover to musicians and also learning on how to improve my skills on graphics. I won’t say things weren’t working well for me then, rather, I will say it is a process and that’s how life works.” Asked why he didn’t give up on himself and career, he states that a lot of people have given up on what they are doing in life because “things aren’t working well so I have to quit. “Back in those days, I sold pure water for my mom, sold fried yams and potatoes. I used to go to Alaba, Lagos to grind beans for my mom for her markets, did hard labour jobs in the streets before I came up to make great impact on myself,” he said. He said he had a rough time before he came up with ideas to improve his life. It wasn’t until his ideas began to yield fruits that life became more amenable for him. “Becoming successful in life doesn’t mean you must reach the limit of being a billionaire, that’s where people get the word ‘success’ wrong.” With the new year already unfolding, Miraboi was quick to point out that he would be giving his fans more than music this year, adding “he would also be teaching them the importance of hard world and how to take opportunities,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.