In this interview by Oluwaseun Raheem, the vice-chancellor Ajayi Crowther University, Oyo, Professor Dapo Asaju, talks about the impact of government’s education policies on the current level of education in Nigeria.  CAN you assess the impact of private universities on the tertiary education sector in terms of solving the problem of access? Nigeria’s education system is not what it should be in the ideal situation. Nigeria has the highest figure of students seeking admission into tertiary institutions. The number of candidates seeking admission into universities is more than the institutions can absorb. Supply is grossly more than demand. Negligence on the part of the government has brought huge setbacks to the education sector. Education is not made a top priority in this country. You can imagine how only about seven per cent was allocated to education in the nation’s budget. The government of today has made the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination a vital examination that all candidates must write, and the National Universities Commission sets a quota even when universities can admit more number of students. The problem of access is such that the system is over-regulated and only about 20 per cent of students could be admitted even when they qualify. Another challenge facing the education sector is lack of man power. Considering the rate of unemployment, many graduates who are potential leaders find their way out of the country to nations like the United States, United Kingdom and Canada, after being trained in the tertiary institutions. An instance can be drawn from my recent visit to the U.K. Within where I was, about 15 medical doctors were currently practising over there. We are seriously losing our products to these foreign nations. Also, the nation is also losing scholars and academics because of poor remuneration. Why would a legislator be earning more than a professor? With this weird standard, do we think they can be retained? However, against the backdrop of these problems, private universities are the saving grace. It has been able to absorb more students who might not have gained access to tertiary education in public institutions. For instance, if over 30,000 candidates apply for admission to University of Ibadan in a year and it then decides to take 2,000, that implies 28,000 student would be denied admission. In this regard, private universities are a blessing, especially faith-based universities; and they are doing much more to inculcate in their products spiritual and moral values that other government-owned institutions may not care about. They have tried to curb a number of vices like cultism, indiscipline and lots more.  Talking about curbing vices, faith-based institutions’ selling point was that the issue of moral depravity noticeable among students in public institutions would be tackled. But we have heard stories of these same vices troubling faith-based universities, like sexual harassment, cultism, drug abuse and the likes. What is responsible for that? The issue of character for many has been cultivated from home. Ours is to mould, shape and influence them in a God-fearing way. We did not admit angels but human beings, and no society is without criminals. What we do is to ensure discipline. We have zero tolerance against inordinate behaviours and the Students’ Disciplinary Squad has been put in place to mete out punishment on any student who flouts the stipulated rules and regulations. For instance, we recently expelled some students who were caught in sexual immorality. In addition, any staff member who makes advances at any female student will be sacked. We enforce strict adherence to rules and regulations for students and staff.  We encourage 100 per cent attendance at lectures and I think it’s part of discipline.  We have strategies and facilities put in place for proper exposure and training.  In developed nations of the world, it is not unusual for a student to be offered admission in 10 or more institutions at once; he or she then gets to choose which offer to take. Do you think Nigeria’s centralised admission system is really helping? The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board is putting so many regulations on the admission processes. For me, JAMB should be completely scrapped and students should be allowed to apply to many institutions of their own choice. I think this over-regulation was brought in for political advantage. There is no reason why there should be a central admission system. It is counter-productive.  Where and how can the country begin to set these things right? Government should change its policies. There should be an increase in the quota of students that can be absorbed into the institutions. They should allow universities to take more intakes; there shouldn’t be any constraints. For instance, the Faculty of Law in ACU is the best in the country with a massive structure, but the regulation is that we mustn’t admit more than 50 candidates. For four years now, we have been absorbing 50 students, whereas we can take 200. They should likewise change the salary structure of staff (for public institutions). Also, adequate funding is imperative as provision of more infrastructures would aid learning. How do you see Nigeria’s federal character policy on admission, where a child from Osun State for instance that wants to study a course in Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife (an institution sited in his state of origin) must score a lot higher than a candidate from say Jigawa who wants to study the same course? OOU inaugurates 3000-capacity ICT Building, others LASU VC, others explain motives for Ibile Day celebration Yale University to strengthen mental health education in… NOTAP DG seeks industry, academia  partnership on research,… A federal university is run by the government and there shouldn’t be preferential treatment for any candidate as a result of nativity. All candidates should compete with one another regardless of geographical location. The same standard and the same admission process should be employed. There should be no variance for any student coming to federal or state university, regardless of where you come from.  Can you give some background information about Ajayi Crowther University? The university started off historically as Saint Andrew’s Teachers’ College, Oyo and it is the first teachers’ training school in Nigeria. Those who were the old students of Saint Andrew’s College were called Andrans (Old Boys Association). They were the ones who advocated for a university to be established. It was named after the first black bishop in the world, Ajayi Crowther; and in 2005, licence to operate was granted.  And how would you rate the institution today? The university is one of the best in Nigeria. It is a faith-based institution and we are interested in moulding and influencing the lives of the students, not only in the area of academics but also in spiritual matters.  Ajayi Crowther University is a Christian-faith institution. How much freedom do candidates of other religions have by way of worship and other practices? The university does not force anyone to convert (to Christianity), but it is compulsory for all our students to congregate with us in the chapel where we have our worship services. Having such platform is an avenue to discuss a lot of other issues. Muslim students must submit to the practices of the institution. The freedom is relative. They are free to pray in their respective rooms. Ajayi Crowther University is an Anglican institution, and only the Anglican mode of worship must be strictly adhered to.  What can you say about accreditation status of ACU’s programmes? We have full accreditation for all our undergraduate and post graduate courses.  For candidates who may find it difficult to cope with the fees but want to remain in Ajayi Crowther University, what opportunities are available? The university was not created for charity, but there are scholarship schemes. Chief Wole Olanipekun is the pioneer of one, while Chief Afolabi sponsors another. Our fees are about 400,000 plus, and we allow three installment payments. That means with not less than one hundred thousand, you can bring your ward.  About 15 years after its establishment, what area of strength would you say ACU is noted for, and what is it being positioned for in the nearest future? Ajayi Crowther University has the best Faculty of Law in Nigeria, with a massive structure and highly qualified lecturers. It is a top-class institution and its aim is to impact students with knowledge and scholarship through teaching, learning, research and exemplary service to humanity.  What is new about the university today by way of infrastructure development? New structures are being built, and we will have to move some faculties there. The Vice Chancellor’s Office is under construction, among many others. We are making huge progress. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE