Oyo State Government has urged Heads of Public schools across the State to commence academic activities immediately, saying idleness of teachers or pupils would not be tolerated henceforth. The Executive Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Dr Nureni Adeniran made the declaration while monitoring resumption of schools in the State capital, Ibadan. Adeniran, who monitored the resumption alongside other members of the board expressed satisfaction with the situation they met at some schools visited. The Chairman, however, called on other schools, who are yet to commence academic activities, to do so with the pupils immediately. ALSO READ: Wife of Gombe governor stresses on importance of girl-child education “We are going around to ensure quality in our education sector and ensure that infrastructural facilities are provided. This has afforded us the opportunity to identify schools in need of renovation and facilities.” “We want school work to start immediately. We have gone to some schools and we noticed that a good number of them have already commenced”, he said. Senator Balogun inaugurates loan scheme for constituents Low turn out as schools resume for second term in Oyo Schools in Osun resume second term Three feared dead as fire razes popular Oyo market “Therefore, we call on other schools to start teaching pupils immediately, as a matter of duty”, he added. Dr Adeniran opined that early commencement of academic activities would enable schools in the State to cover the syllabus, adding that, this would enable the state in achieving quality and standard learning outcome. Meanwhile, Dr Adeniran has issued a stern warning to staff members of the Local Government Universal Basic Education Authorities, fond of sabotaging the present administration’s efforts at repositioning the education sector. This is coming on the heels of allegations against some LGUBEA staff members that they extort retirees before processing their documents. He read the riot act at Akinyele and Egbeda LGUBEAs, frowning at the unbecoming attitude of the said staff members. “We have discovered that some of them (LGUBEA staffers) are not up and doing, and we have read the riot act to them, to henceforth stop these sharp practices, as this Government would not hesitate to punish anyone found culpable”, he said. Schools visited include, Community Basic School, Alabidun, IDC Primary School, Olubadan, Ebenezer Community Primary School, Akingbile. Other schools visited were Islamic Mission School, Moniya, Methodist Primary School, Olorisaoko, Salvation Army Primary School, Ajibade and St. James Anglican Primary School, Alabata. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE