The Federal Government is to commence a massive renovation of the 63-year old University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan to ensure its total turnaround and better care for its teeming patients UCH’s Public Relations Officer, Mr. Toye Akinrinola, said the renovation would start from the last week in December and would be handled through the office of presidency. He added that the renovation would be carried out in phases, starting with the South-East and Central blocks of the hospital. According to him, even the renovation of the critical areas in the hospital would continue till February, 2021; patients would be moved to other wards to ensure the continuation of care even while others would be attended to on out-patient basis. He declared that the renovation would also include the hospital’s old sewage system. “Its essence is to give UCH the required facelift; to upgrade the infrastructure and also to enhance services. Some of the facilities in the hospital are more than 63 years old and they are becoming dilapidated. It is going to be a holistic renovation, which is expected to take at least four weeks. We sincerely appeal to our teeming patients, their relations and others who patronise us to bear with us while the renovation is on,” he said. Mr Akinrinola assured that the care of clients patronising the hospital during the renovation will not be affected. According to him, “we are lucky the period the award is made coincides with the time that the patient load at the hospital is low. We cannot waste time because we have been longing for UCH to be given a facelift.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided