Following the indefinite postponement of the National Sports Festival (NSF) scheduled to be hosted by the Edo State Government, the state government on Thursday announced the dissolution of all the sub-committees set up for the organisation of the 19th NSF tagged Edo 2020. The announcement of the dissolution of the committees was contained in a letter dated December 9, 2020, and endorsed by the Secretary of the Local Organising Committee (LOC) for the festival, Dr Emmanuel Igbinosa. The letter, copies of which were made available to journalists in Benin on Thursday, explained that the dissolution arose from the fact that no actual date had been fixed for the festival by the Federal Government. The festival was earlier scheduled to hold between March 22 to April 1, but was shifted in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic. Some two weeks ago, the government had rescheduled the festival to take place between January 3 to 18, 2021 before it was eventually put off indefinitely last week because the nation has not been able to flatten the curve of the pandemic, with the fear of another lockdown pervading the air. A terse letter issued to dissolve the Sub-Committees stated that “I am directed by the Deputy Governor who doubles as the LOC Chairman for the festival, to inform you of the dissolution of all committees with immediate effect.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided