Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Wednesday, recorded another incident of a mob setting fire on one suspected armed robber. The mob pounced on the two suspected persons after they lost control of the motorcycle the rode on while making away with a phone and other valuables robbed from one Adebayo Tobi. Upon being robbed at Favours area of Bodija, Ibadan, Adebayo Tobi, with his car, gave the robbers a hot chase until they entered a pothole, lost control of the bike and fell off opposite the state office of the Independent National Electoral Commission, on the State Secretariat-Mokola road. While one of the robbers immediately became lifeless from the accident, the other who sustained injuries was hit with clubs and other weapons till he died and was then set ablaze. When Tribune Online checked on the site of the incident, the body was up in flames while the other was left lifeless. Men of the state Joint Security Task Force, known as Operation Burst and the Nigerian Police were later sighted at the scene. State Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Gbenga Fadeyi said on Wednesday night that effort was on to remove the corpses while investigation had commenced into the incident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Mob sets ablaze suspected  Mob sets ablaze suspected 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Mob sets ablaze suspected Mob sets ablaze suspected NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided