The Coalition of Northern Groups has said President Muhammadu Buhari is Nigeria’s only problem following the latest massacre of about 100 innocent farmers in a single attack. This was even as it said that northern votes were wasted in electing President Buhari in 2015 and 2019. CNG says that: “It shows that northerners did make a mistake in putting up a solid, united front for him in spite of their ethno-religions differences only to be abandoned to suffer the effects of such level of insecurity, poverty and poor governance.” According to a statement issued by its spokesman, Abdul-azeez Suleiman, CNG remarked that “for us in the North, policing lives and livelihoods of communities is now a major problem, it would not be an exergeration to say bluntly that Buhari is the single problem of Nigeria today. “We all heard of Zabarmari because the number was huge and it all happened at the same place and hour. “The truth is, these incidents are constant all over the North which is today virtually a battlefront, and a hostage of Boko Haram, kidnappers, bandits, rustlers and rapists who roam about and operate freely while President Buhari and his government persist in denial. “Northern leaders and elite fortified in their comfort zones and living far away from the effects of this devastating insecurity may be tolerated if they downplay the signifince of insisting that Buhari has failed in the vital area of protecting the lives and properties of a significant component of the nation, the North. “We the everyday northerners, however, understand what it means, and we daily pray to God that we have a change of situation because, without a doubt, this administration would certainly abandon the North to be routed completely by criminals who understand that weak political will, insensitivity, incompetence and corruption have weakened government’s resolve to challenge them. “All northerners feel the pains of this insecurity that is already frustrating all hopes that the government could discover a more permanent solution to recurring violence across the region. “We therefore insist that in the face of this glaring failure, the people must consider taking steps to protect themselves and their communities. “While we don’t doubt that governments are important in deciding how we live, but citizens and communities who speak and understand each other make stronger building blocks for sustainable peace and public safety. “We urge all northern communities to unite against this pervasive dangerous security situation with resolve and awareness of their obligations under the law, as well as the knowledge that victory will only be pronounced when the region achieves full cessation of hostilities, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration. “Instructively, when ISIS began invading the Kurdistan region of Iraq, the Kurdish Peshmerga, comprising of regimented and volunteer forces, fully armed and backed by their regional authorities fought in defence of their homes and family. They prevailed. Imagine they surrendered their hope and destiny to the Iraqi forces,” it dedeclared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided