Following a gas pipeline rupture along Magboro, Lagos-Ibadan expressway, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on Wednesday allayed fears of motorists and residents within the area. It stated that the pipeline break was caused by a construction company carrying out excavation work in the area. This was contained in a statement issued by the Corporation’s spokesperson, Kennie Obateru in Abuja. It said the leakage was promptly contained through the efforts of the NNPC team, officials from the Lagos State Government, and other stakeholders. It assured that repair work had commenced with a view to restoring gas supply as soon as possible. The statement also quoted Faruk Usman, Managing Director of the Nigerian Gas Marketing Company( NGMC), a subsidiary of the Corporation as saying that: “The impacted section of the pipeline has been isolated and the pipeline depressurised such that it poses no danger to the public.” The corporation urged members of the public to go about their duties normally as all safety measures had been put in place to avert any danger. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Magboro gas pipeline leakage  Magboro gas pipeline leakage 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Magboro gas pipeline leakage  Magboro gas pipeline leakage NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided