The All Progressives Congress (APC) has advised Professor Mahmood Yakubu to remain apolitical as he pilots the affairs of the national electoral agency, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for a fresh term of five years. The APC admonition is on the heels of the confirmation of Professor Yakubu by the Senate, on Tuesday, the sequel to the report of his screening by the Senate Committee on INEC led by Senator Kabiru Gaya. Appraising Professor Yakubu first term in office, the APC in a statement signed by Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Yekini Nabena noted that under the former, the electoral process has witnessed tremendous improvements. APC appealed to Professor Yakubu to continue to ensure that the electoral process remains transparent and votes of the electorate count. The statement read in part: “The All Progressives Congress (APC) congratulates Prof Mahmood Yakubu on his reappointment and Senate’s confirmation as Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). “Our election processes are far from perfect, however, marked improvements have been recorded in a series of recent elections conducted. Prof Mahmood Yakubu and the election management body he leads is to strive further in being unbiased and apolitical. “Technological innovations recently introduced and deployed by INEC has greatly improved the credibility and efficiency of our election processes. We must continue to support and invest in these innovations. “The Party also urges INEC to continually embark on regular voter education and sensitisation to improve voter turnout and check illegalities such as vote-buying and other emerging frauds in our electioneering processes. “In all elections, valid votes must count and the majority will of the electorate prevail. This is a creed INEC and indeed all partisans must subscribe to in the interest of our democracy.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided