ON November 26, a first class traditional ruler in Ondo State was cut down in cold blood. The victim, Oba Israel Adegoke Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, was reportedly abducted by gunmen while returning from a meeting in Akure, the state capital, to his domain in Ose Local Government Area of the state. Coming on the heels of the killing of Funke Olakunri, daughter of Pa Reuben Fasoranti, leader of the apex Yoruba sociocultural group, Afenifere, in the same state last year, the killing of the Olufon represents a brazen and rude slap on the face of the Yoruba people who have for long suffered losses beyond tolerable limits. According to media reports, the suspects in the killing of the Olufon have been arrested by the Amotekun security outfit in Ondo State, a development that has helped to mitigate the affront which the killing represents. The incident no doubt  brings to the fore the need to step up  vigilance in the entire South-West geopolitical zone immediately, and in the country as a whole. There is also a critical need to equip Amotekun with the necessary gadgets and ammunition it needs to play the full roles of a security agency. This is very important especially because the Nigeria Police Force is apparently overwhelmed by the daunting security challenges across the country. Amotekun can offer assistance when needed in the zone. Such assistance will further entrench the performance of the Nigerian state. To say the least, the killing of Oba Adeusi is a tragic symbolism. Afenifere and other groups have issued stern press releases on the siege laid to the South-West geopolitical zone by nomadic herdsmen who have been fingered in the incidence of murder, rape and brigandage in the zone. On its part, the Ondo State government raised the alarm over the appalling security situation in the state. Reacting to the tragedy involving the Olufon of Ifon, the state Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo, said: “All lives matter, but this is too heavy and unbearable. It is a sad day in Ondo State. Clearly, we  are in a serious security crisis that requires extraordinary means.” Equally brazen is the way the nomadic herdsmen have persisted in harassing another traditional ruler in the state, Chief Olu Falae, on his farm in spite of the repeated reports made to the police. These incidents are orchestrated irritations to Nigerians in general and the people of the South-West geopolitical zone in particular and they certainly don’t bode well for peace either in the zone or the country as a whole. Much as all human lives are sacred irrespective of the class they belong to, the killing of the Olufon, a first class traditional ruler in Ondo State, is most worthy of condemnation. It is absolutely unacceptable and reprehensible. It is distressing that the Nigerian state is taking its statutory duty of protecting life and property with levity and this has resulted in the proliferation of ungoverned spaces all over the country. There is a desperate need to recover these spaces and bring them under state control.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided