NO fewer than 200 youths and women drawn from various part of Oyo State on Tuesday received free guidance from the Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA) Youth Entrepreneurs as well as the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC) on shea butter processing and packaging for export. The training was held Saki being the hub for shea butter in the state according to the Coordinator, NACCIMA Youth  Entrepreneurs, Oyo State, Mr Segun Bolaji. Bolaji noted that:” According to the Nigeria Agribusiness Register Network, Nigeria’s untapped shea butter market is capable of yielding about $2bn annually. Shea butter is well known for its wide  usage in the confectionery, pharmaceutical, cosmetics and many other major industries both locally and internationally. “The harvesting, utilisation and marketing of indigenous shea fruits, nuts and butter have been central to the livelihoods  of millions of people in rural communities throughout Africa. Despite its importance, processing and marketing of shea  butter are the most challenging stages in the shea value chain across the African continent. “Its global supply is presently lower than demand and the quality from most sources falls below international standards.  Therefore, it is in the light of this, that NACCIMA Youth Entrepreneurs, Oyo State chapter in partnership with the  Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Ibadan Export Assistance Office this one-day free practical training.” Head, NEPC, Ibadan Export Assistance Office, Mrs Bolanle Emmanuel, who led the NEPC team to Saki, urged  articipants at the training to try as much as possible to make use of the knowledge acquired to better their lives as the  training which they received at not cost is priceless . SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided