Across the globe, leaders are facing extraordinary uncertainty. Unprecedented challenges resulting from the pandemic are forcing leaders to tackle remote work and learning. Simultaneously, leaders must address long-overdue racial and social injustices inside the workplace. Despite these challenging issues, you may consider yourself lucky to work with someone who truly understands what it means to be an effective leader. This is what they are probably doing right:  Great leaders are constant, genuine and curious learners Never complacent in their pursuit of knowledge, strong leaders always seek to learn more. They recognize that learning is a lifelong endeavor; they find joy and energy in learning about new people and concepts. Their authentic curiosity leads not only to a better understanding of the business they lead, but also to a better relationship with their team.  Great leaders create and articulate a clear vision Baseball legend Yogi Berra is often credited with saying, “If you don’t know where you’re going, you’ll end up someplace else.” Great leaders know exactly where they are headed and why, and they motivate others to join them on the journey. By establishing a clear vision and inspiring people around a shared purpose, great leaders energize their teams with a defined strategy, clear communication and focused prioritization.  Great leaders do not have to be the smartest person in the room In fact, most don’t expect to be. Confident leaders know that they need great thinkers working with them. They instinctively surround themselves with subject matter experts who complement the team and who are not afraid to speak up or appropriately challenge them.  Great leaders focus on outcomes, not credit Good leaders are not inspired by praise or accolades. They focus on achieving what they set out to do and eliminate distractions that derail the process. They are pleased when they achieve team goals, regardless of who is applauded for the success.  Great leaders do not waver on ethics Even when times get tough, true leaders will not compromise principles in favor of an outcome. They recognize that there is no shortcut to integrity, even if it means a situation may be more challenging. They face problems head on and will endure short-term struggles if they lead to long-term, ethical results. Great leaders can show vulnerability No human being is perfect, and the best leaders can comfortably admit their imperfections. Their ability to show empathy for others, express emotion appropriately and admit mistakes makes them relatable, approachable and strong, not weak.  Great leaders want others to succeed and help them do so Leaders who are comfortable in their roles are not threatened by others’ success, and they have respect for people at all levels of their organisation. They embrace opportunities to mentor, develop and encourage up-and-coming leaders, realising that a strong succession plan is a great legacy, both personally and professionally. Every great leader brings their individual style and strengths into a leadership position. But all effective leaders share the characteristics above. As we are navigating these difficult times when strong leadership is especially critical, how does your leader measure up? YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided