A cleric and peace leadership advocate, Dr. Ofonime-Emmanuel Bassey, has likened the COVID-19 pandemic to one of the tribulations Jesus Christ warned believers against. Speaking during a programme, Leaders Viewpoint, organised by Coalition of Clergy International, Bassey charged Christians all over the world to be of good cheers as the world keeps up the fight to kick out COVID-19. Bassey emphasised the need for Christians not to get discouraged and weary at this trying time, but instead, they should harness the time to understand and execute the assignment expected of them. “As Christians, we must hold on to the word of our Lord Jesus Christ, that in the midst of all tribulations, I see COVID-19 as one of those tribulations that are here for us to witness to handle and to overcome. Why? Because our master has given us the assurance that we would overcome, especially the part that commands us and encourages us to be of good cheers. That is one aspect of the scripture that keeps me going as a person. I want all of us to buy into it, key into, live with it: be of good cheers. “Don’t allow any threat from the pit of hell to discourage you about life and the ministry that God has given to you. In the midst of this tribulation, there is something you have to do. We must not allow the tribulation to make us weary and discourage us from the assignment God has given to us. We must ask God, what is the assignment for the moment? What do you want me to do, Lord? This would help to keep us alive, keep our faith alive, keep us going,” he said. When asked what young ministers of today need to do to scale up their ministries, he highlighted responsibility as a key factor, stating that ministry is not a call to the title, but a call to serve. He also admonished young ministers to be zealous for knowledge, emphasising that learning does not stop in Bible colleges but beyond. His words: “Every opportunity you have to learn, learn well and learn fast. And when it comes to learning, it is not about academics. A lot of people believe that going to Bible College and graduating is enough to do ministry. That is just an introduction to ministry. Ministry is practical; it is not an academic exercise. Keep learning till you return to the Father. Don’t miss workshops, seminars, interviews, discussions, read biographies, learn how people fail and succeed, learn from people, keep learning, keep understudying.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided