A Magistrates’ Court in Asaba, Delta State, on Wednesday, remanded the Chairman of Patani Local Government Area, Mr. Perez Omoun, in prison custody for allegedly attacking the state Commissioner for Energy, Basil Ganagana. The lcal government boss was arraigned on a four-count charge including intent to cause grievous harm, inflicting various degrees of injuries on one Mr. Ebikapade, while trying to prevent him from allegedly attacking Ganagana and members of his family last Sunday in Asaba. The Magistrate, V. O. Okonta, ordered Mr. Omoun to be remanded in the Ogwashi-Ukwu Correctional Facility till December 30 pending the determination of his bail application and the issue of jurisdiction raised by the prosecutor, Mr. F. O. Itua, in the case between the Delta State Commissioner of Police and Mr. Omoun. The chairman was also charged with maliciously damaging eight cars belonging to Honourable Ganagana, his family members and the Ministry of Energy valued at N199.9 million. In a motion by the state Commissioner of Police, the prosecution prayed the court to remand Mr. Omoun in prison custody since the court lacks the jurisdiction to adjudicate on the suit. The court granted request after entertaining objections from the defence counsel and adjourned further hearing on the matter till 30th December. It will be recalled that the Patani LG boss, at about 3:00 a.m last Sunday 13th of December 2020, allegedly broke into the compound of the commissioner, who was also former Deputy Speaker of the state House of Assembly, allegedly pulling down his gate. Omoun also allegedly damaged Ganagana’s Lexus 570 SUV and other cars including those belonging to his family members parked inside the premises. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… Court remands Delta LG chairman in prison over ‘malicious damage’ of commissioner’s property [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Court remands Delta LG chairman in prison over ‘malicious damage’ of commissioner’s property SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided