The Federal Government has set up the Diving Governing Board to implement the provisions of the 2018 Diving at Work Regulations. This is even as the appointment of Mr. Julius Ugwala as Chief Inspector of Diving for the country has been announced. This development comes nearly two years after the Federal Executive Council approved the Diving at Work Regulation. The Honourable Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, SAN who inaugurated the Board recently said the Board would drive the enforcement of the regulations that will restore sanity to the sector and drive a sustainable growth agenda. He said the inauguration marked the beginning of an era in which the flagrant disregard for the safety and health status of divers would no more be condoned. He added that the Board amongst its other functions would furnish the sector with a code of practice that meets global best practice. Lamenting the poor supervision of dive operations and insufficient penalties for defaulting organisations, the Minister said the industry had been stunted by poor standards and the resultant hazards that accompanied such an anomaly. He however expressed confidence in the ability of the Board to better the sector through the strict enforcement of the regulations and monitoring of the industry’s operations. Keyamo stressed that the constitution of the Board followed the provisions of the regulations and charged its members to adhere to the guidelines in carrying out their work as government anticipates that their activities will foster sustainable growth in the industry. The Minister however commended the National Association of Professional Divers and other critical stakeholders for their enthusiasm and support during the process of developing and finalising the Diving at Work Regulation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided