Experts say that the ultimatum that was given to all Nigerians in getting their National Identification Number (NIN) or risk their mobile telephone lines disconnected may have a backlash on stemming the second wave of the COVID-19 infection Nigeria is currently passing through. Professor Adebayo Onajole, a public health expert and epidemiologist at Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), stated that although this is more of a social issue meant to tackle insecurity, it would encourage crowding thereby making an increase in the number of cases. “Balancing the equation of safety and security is the bottom line; it is the period that we are trying to achieve this that is wrong. It is the same period of trying to encourage physical distancing. Crowding of a large population in a small place can cause transmission of the coronavirus. “So it is not only about COVID-19 alone, but the stress of trying to do it and the fact that it allows some people to cheat others all in a bid to make extra money,” he said. President, College of Nigerian Pathologists (CNP), Professor Philip Olatunji, stated that increasing the timing for registration is important. He added that since no one knows when the pandemic will be over, a total lockdown is impossible and governance must continue. People, he advised, must not take anything for granted since cases of COVID-19 are rising. According to him, the onus lies on individuals to take charge of their health by wearing nose masks, maintaining physical distance and use of hand sanitisers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided