PENSIONERS, under the aegis of Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP) rose from their celebration of the 2020 Pensioners Day to demand for urgent approval of a national minimum pension just like the national minimum wage was approved for workers. The NUP also used the occasion to decry the delay in the approval and payment of increases in pension consequent upon the recent wage increases for workers; as well as recent removal of many pensioners (members) names from the Federal Government payroll by the Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD). President of NUP, Comrade Abel Afolayan, brought these positions to the fore in his speech at the 19th edition of Pensioners Day celebration in Abuja, with the theme: ‘Post COVID-19 era: Making life better and worth living for pensioners.’ Comrade Afolayan said it had become very necessary to have a national minimum wage backed by law in place, adding, “right from the inception of Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP) in 1978, the union has been agitating for the approval of national minimum pension in the same manner national minimum wage was approved for workers. Up till now, this demand has not been granted. “We have, however, decided to go through the National Assembly to seek appropriate legislation for approval of the demand. Efforts are therefore on-going to achieve this age-long dream for pensioners.” Also on the delay in the payment of pension increases following the increase in minimum wage, Afolayan said in accordance with sections 173 (3) and 210 (3) of the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended, “Pensions shall be reviewed every five years or whenever workers wages are reviewed; whichever comes earlier”. He said it is unfortunate that pensioners have not fully benefited from this constitutional provision. The NUP President also added: “I must say here loud and clear that as far as the implementation of the constitutional provisions 210(3) as far as state governments are concerned, state governments still remain nonchalant and insensitive. Many state governments feel reluctant and unwilling to comply with the provisions as if they are neither concerned nor affected.” While describing the issue as very sensitive, he cautioned PTAD over the removal of pensioners names from payroll, saying, “we shall continue to dialogue with PTAD on this very sensitive issue as it is absolutely necessary to exercise great caution and ensure PTAD is committed to making life better and not worse for our members after the Covid-19 scourge.” Afolayan painted the pathetic picture of pensioners in the states and lamented the negative attitude of state governors to the welfare of the pensioners. The NUP president said: “While we acknowledge the magnanimity of some state governments in the way they treat our members with dignity, we take exception to the cruel and inhuman treatment of pensioners in some states that have no interest of our members at heart. “States like Imo, Rivers, Benue and some few others are in this category. However, I am glad to inform this August Assembly of senior citizens that the Imo State Governor has commenced the payment of the backlog of arrears of the monthly pension spanning several months. I hereby urge the Governor to be religiously committed to this payment in order to clear his name and have it delisted from the black book of the union. “On a general note, the union frowns and condemns in its entirety the insensitivity and inhuman treatment being meted out to pensioners in some states in relation to their pension entitlements.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President it is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided