Ahead the conduct of legislative by-elections in some states of the Federation, the Chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC), Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Mai Mala Buni, has approved the appointment of the Governor of Jigawa State, Badaru Abubakar, to chair the Bakura State House of Assembly by-election campaign Committee. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed December 5, 2020, for the conduct of the bye-election in Zamfara State amongst others. The statement disclosed that former APC National Vice Chairman (North-East), Comrade Mustapha Salihu, will serve as Secretary of the 20-member Election Committee. Other members of the Committee include; Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello (Deputy Chairman), and Governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu. Other members are former Sokoto state governor, Senator Aliyu Magatakarda Wammako, Deputy Governor of Kano State, Nasiru Gawuna amongst others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Zamfara legislative bye-election: Badaru, Bello, Bagudu, others lead APC campaign committee SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided