ABOUT eight persons were on Tuesday morning feared dead following a stampede that occurred at a Pinkcoin office in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. The incident happened at Rumudara area in Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of the state as people went to collect Christmas palliatives from the company. Pinkcoin is an online blockchain digital assets firm designed for giving charity. Eyewitnesses said the incident, which happened at about 7:30 a.m., was caused by a stampede, just as they blamed the company for poor crowd management. It was gathered that the Pinkcoin coordinators invited everyone who registered with them in the local government area to come and redeem their Christmas palliatives, which resulted in the incident. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the state police command, SP Nnamdi Omoni, confirmed the incident, adding that the police were taking up the matter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided