Israel on Monday said it would ban entry to foreigners from all countries in a bid to prevent the spread of a new strain of coronavirus thought to be particularly contagious. Only Israeli citizens and foreigners with special permits such as diplomats will be allowed to enter the country under new rules decided by Israel’s coronavirus cabinet. They will be required to self-isolate at home unless they are travelling from Britain, South Africa or Denmark, in which case they must stay in specially designated quarantine hotels. From Wednesday at 2 p.m (1200 GMT), all Israeli incoming travellers will be required to quarantine for 10 to 14 days in the hotels. The new regulations will initially apply for 10 days, with the possibility of extension. Meanwhile, hundreds of assistant doctors took to the streets of Tel Aviv to protest against poor working conditions and long working hours. Assistant doctors in Israel have to work shifts of up to 26 hours at a time. A special regulation allowing this practice has been extended for a further three months, in spites the protests. Monday’s march marks the start of a protest strike by the young doctors, who intend to work weekend shift patterns until further notice. The strike looks set to increase the burden on hospitals already struggling with the pandemic. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… Israel bans foreigners from all countries amid virus strain fears  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided