Ahead of Saturday, December 5, 2020, Lagos East Senatorial bye-election, the state chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has charged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to deliberately monitor the polling unit, if any, wherein the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) senatorial candidate, Mr Tokunbo Abiru, would be voting that day. PDP made the call, on Wednesday, in a release issued by its publicity secretary, Mr Taofik Gani, saying doing so would ensure that INEC hastens and help the court in reaching the evidential conclusion that Abiru was or not eligible to contest in the said bye-election, not being a qualified resident nor voter in the Lagos East Senatorial district. It would be recalled that the PDP had filed a case at the Federal High Court to stop Abiru from contesting on the allegation of him not being eligible for want of valid voter registration. PDP opined that the highpoint of the bye-elections on Saturday was for the commission to declare publicly whether Abiru was able to vote or whether he had his name on the voter register. “In the opinion of the PDP, the highpoint of the aspects of the bye-elections on Saturday is for the INEC to declare publicly whether Abiru did vote or even on the voter register,” the party said. ALSO READ: FG plans three phases for N140bn solar power project This was just as the party commended and appreciated the decision of five candidates and their political parties who had since thrown their support for PDP candidates in both the senatorial and Kosofe Constituency 2 polls, namely Mr Babatunde Gbadamosi and Mr Ademola Alebiosu respectively. PDP, however, pledged that its candidates were able and willing to donate all their sitting allowances to their constituents, assuring that they shall tirelessly draw rapid development to the constituencies using well understood legislative channels. “We also state categorically and make this undertaking that our candidates are able and willing to donate all their sitting allowances to their constituents, just as they shall tirelessly draw rapid development to the constituencies using well understood legislative channels,” PDP assured. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided