Bandits have stormed a boys boarding secondary in Kankara town, the headquarters of Kankara Local Government Area and kidnapped some students on Friday night. However, a very credible source in the school said as of Saturday morning, 600 out of the 800 students were not accounted for by the school authorities. The source however said it could not be ascertained how many of the students were actually kidnapped, saying some of them could have fled into the bush or nearby homes when the kidnappers arrived the school around 9.30 p.m. According to the source, the school has over 800 students, with the exception of JS3 and SS3 students who are now out of school. He said so far, 600 students are yet to return to the school several hours after the attack. “We are still hoping that some of them might return. We believe some of them fled the attack and ran into the bush,” he said. A parent of one of the students, Murtala Musa, in an interview with Tribune Online disclosed that his son, Hamza Murtala, was one of the kidnapped student. Another man, Yazedu Abdulnasir, of Mai kawo village also said two of his brothers, Zakaria and Jaafar, were among the kidnapped students. According to Abdulnasir, he received the news of the attack at 11pm when one of his brothers called to tell him that Government Science School Kankara was being attacked by bandits. “Yesterday at around 11:00pm, gunmen invaded Government Science Secondary School Kankara, in Kankara Town, the Headquarters of Kankara Local Government of Katsina State. To of my brothers, Zakaria and Jaafar, were among those students kidnapped. This morning we were in school and the school told us that some of the students are believed to be taken away by the kidnappers. When contacted, the police spokesman, SP Isah Gambo, confirmed the attack. He said the police and other security operatives are on top of the situation. Meanwhile, the state government is yet to make an official statement at the time of filing the report. But a source in Government House, Katsina, said the governor has summoned an emergency meeting of the State Security council. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…600 out of 800  600 out of 800 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..600 out of 800  600 out of 800 NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided