Equities trading on the Nigerian Stock closed on the bearish trend, on Thursday, as the market extended its losing streak for the fourth consecutive trading day, thus depreciating by 1.27 per cent. Notably, sell-off on Zenith Bank, WAPCO and FBN Holdings largely contributed to the downward turn as the depreciated in price vale by 6.2 per cent, ten per cent and ten per cent respectively. The market’s worth also shed 1.3 per cent or N232.1 billion to close the market capitalisation at N18.07 trillion. Thus, Month-to-Date loss increased to 1.3 per cent while Year-to-Date gain moderated to 28.8 per cent. The performance was unimpressive as the Exchange recorded 41 losers as against six gainers at the close of the trading session on Wednesday. Analysts believed the downturn was in reaction to the sudden spike in T-bills stop rate for 364-day, having moved from 3.2 per cent from 0.15 per cent. The sectoral performance was also negative, following declines across the Banking,, Insurance, Consumer Goods ), Industrial Goods and Oil & Gas indices. However, there was a lift in market activity as the total volume of trades increased by 95.7 per cent to 553.95 million units, valued at N6.64 billion, and exchanged in 6,441 deals. Guaranty Trust Bank was the most traded stock by volume and value at 87.02 million units andN2.83 billion, respectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Equities market posts fourth-day loss, investors lose N232.1trn SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided