The Senate, on Tuesday, swore in four new senators from Bayelsa, Plateau and Lagos states to fill in the vacant seats created in the upper chamber of the National Assembly. The new Senators are; Seriake Dickson, Bayelsa West; Cleopas Moses, Bayelsa Central; Nora Ladi, Plateau South and Mikail Adetokunbo Abiru for Lagos East senatorial districts. Seriake Dickson from Bayelsa is replacing Senator Diri Duoye who is currently the governor of Bayelsa State while Senator Cleopas Moses replaced Senator Lawrence Erudjakpor, who is the Deputy Governor of Bayelsa state. Senator Abiru replaced the late Senator Adebayo Sikiru Osinowo who died in June this year, as the Senator representing Lagos East Senatorial District. Senator Nora Ladi replaced late Senator Ignatius Longjan to represent the people of Plateau South Senatorial District. More details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State. … Ex-gov Dickson, Abiru, two others officially become senators Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Ex-gov Dickson, Abiru, two others officially become senators SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided