Southern politicians who debate the 2023 elections act without first settling the matter of restructuring. They are simply traitors to the truth they know. You know them by the adulation of the authorities who refuse, as it were, to buy into the truth of restructuring. The Yorubas now face an embarrassing political dilemma over the betrayals of their politicians on whether or not to stay in the union and be in bondage or to go and become free. Only cowards become complicit in the dehumanisation of their fellow human beings. To live in fear is a wasted life. Inconveniences should not be our immediate concern. Nigeria needs versatile thinkers, open-minded intellectuals, always ready to accept new ideas and progressive views. Nigeria parades enough intellectual giants; in the media, Academics, commerce and industry, etc, that by now Nigeria ought to be on the pinnacle of development as the intellectual heart of Africa. The disagreements brewing between the current regime (backed by Northerners) on the one hand and Southern and Middle-Belt states on the other hand on restructuring have made the rhetoric, “Nigeria’s unity not negotiable” a lame and useless irritant as no tribe has been conquered to remain forcefully in bondage in any union under any guise in the face of deep divisions caused by insecurity, inequality, injustice and systemic fault lines. Again, the aborted “EndSARS protests” could have blossomed into an era of unprecedented change in the systemic fault lines that needed urgent and pragmatic reforms rather than theories and ideas had reactionaries not intervened to halt the match to greatness. Rabiu Jimoh, Ijebu-Ode. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided