The member representing the Uvwie Constituency in the Delta State House of Assembly, Hon. Solomon Ighrakpata has condemned Tuesday’s abduction of two teachers at Ohorhe Secondary School in Uvwie Local Government Area of the state. Hon Ighrakpata, who is the Deputy Chief Whip of the House, described the incident as unfortunate and capable of affecting effective teaching and learning because of the fear it would instil in the teachers and students. He challenged the law enforcement agencies to quickly mobilize to secure the release of the victims unhurt and apprehend the culprits. Hon. Ighrakpata urged parents to show greater commitment to the upbringing of their wards and monitor their friends against wrong associations. It will be recalled that two teachers of Ohorhe Secondary School in Uvwie Local Government Area of Delta State were reportedly abducted by gun-wielding assailants on Tuesday. The assailants said to be dressed in army uniform, allegedly stormed the school in a gold colour Toyota Highlander and held both teachers and students hostage for hours before they whisked away from their victims. Sources said the gunmen drove into the school and headed to the school’s staff room, where the teachers were relaxing and abducted three. Some students, who were said to be in the staff room during the melee, reportedly fled through every available exit points. “I was in the village. I was sitting with my two brothers. I am not living here. I came for a visit. The next minute, what we heard was: ‘kidnappers, kidnappers.'” “So we ran down to the school. Before getting there, the kidnappers had already gone. “Then we went to meet the teachers and they started explaining that some gunmen came into the school in army uniform, that they drove in one gold colour Highlander. “When they came, they parked. After some time, they came down. They entered the staff room wielding guns and abducted three teachers. “When our community boys heard the shout of kidnappers, they started running towards the direction of the school. They met the Highlander coming out of the school premises and they pointed a gun at the boys. “The boys ran down there with their empty hands, no cutlass, no wood, and nothing; so they had to back off as there was nothing they could do in that situation. “They started shouting to draw attention as the school is close to the road. Before others came, the kidnappers were already gone,” a source further narrated. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Command, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, had confirmed the incident to TribuneOnline saying: “two teachers reportedly abducted,” as against earlier reports that three teachers were abducted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Delta lawmaker condemns abduction  Delta lawmaker condemns abduction 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Delta lawmaker condemns abduction After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Delta lawmaker condemns abduction Delta lawmaker condemns abduction NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided