The immediate past governor of Bayelsa State and the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the Saturday senatorial bye-election in Bayelsa West Senatorial District, Chief Henry Seriake Dickson, voted in his country home of Toru-Orua. Dickson who voted in the company of his wife, Dr Rachael, said that preliminary reports indicated an impressive turnout of voters. Chief Dickson commended the electoral officers and security agencies for the impressive level of conduct and urged them to sustain their vigilance until a winner is returned at the end of the election. Dickson maintained that if the security agencies and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) continued with the level of professionalism displayed, the people would have confidence in the outcome of the poll. “As I voted this morning at my polling unit at Toru-Orua, I was glad to see that voter turnout was impressive and from available preliminary reports from other units and wards, there is an indication of a massive and impressive turnout,” Dickson said. While thanking the officials of the electoral body for their professionalism, the former governor expressed we hope and expectation that the level of the commendable conduct would be sustained to the very end the exercise, just as he noted that he would be returned elected. “Every election is in stages. Voters will come out en mass, get accredited and vote and after that, other processes also continue up to the declaration. I thank the security agencies for their vigilance so far. Once again, I expect that this level of professionalism is sustained throughout the process because very often during collation, people try to do funny things and so on,” he noted. Dickson thanked the people of the senatorial district for the sustained support for him all through his years as a former member of the House of Representatives and as governor for eight years. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided