The Global Coalition for Security and Democracy in Nigeria (GCSDN), has announced Nigerian embassy in Hungary as the best-performed embassy globally. This development was revealed in the outcome of the votes cast, where the embassy of Nigeria in Hungary scored the highest votes with 53 per cent. The Embassy presently has concurrent accreditation in Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Also, Nigerian embassy in Austria came second with 48 per cent, while the embassy in Switzerland came third with 42 per cent. Out of the 51 missions were Nigerians participated, the embassy of Italy came last with 1.0 per cent, closely followed by the embassy in Indonesia with 1.1 per cent. According to the organisers, votes were cast based on certain criteria such as efficiency in service delivery, assess to the embassy, concern for the interest of Nigerians, image building for Nigeria and the attraction of investments to Nigeria. The result was announced through zoom in the presence of the public relations officer, Prince Ewemade Konkons, Doris Ikeri and other national coordinators of GCSDN. During his address, the Global Coordinator of the coalition, Frederick Odorige, “as we criticise the failure of government, we must also appreciate government agencies that are performing well. In doing this, we shall be promoting good governance and encouraging others to improve on their services to Nigerian citizens abroad. “Nigerians in the diaspora have shown dissatisfaction at the poor services of some Nigerian missions and we felt that it was an opportunity to organise a programme that could promote service delivery. There are some Nigerian embassies that are very hostile to Nigerians. In some cases, they promote fraudulent practices in the course of issuing or renewing Nigerian passports which could take as much as six months. He said: “Unfortunately, out of the 3465 votes cast, 62 were declared invalid because voters attempted to vote multiple times with various email addresses and the same IP addresses. Others used invalid e-mail addresses which the system filtered. “We hope that INEC will ensure electronic voting system in 2023 where Nigerians could vote with their telephone SIM cards from the comfort of their homes. Such a system will bring an end to the high cost of organising elections, rigging, violence, vote buying and other electoral fraud. “We also expect that INEC and the national assembly will ensure that Nigerians in the diaspora are allowed to vote from 2023. The Nigerian national assembly should also formulate strategies that could reserve 10 legislatives seats exclusively for Nigerians in the diaspora. “We have sent a congratulatory message to the Ambassador of the embassy of Nigeria, Hungary, Dr. (Mrs) Eniola Olaitan Ajayi. We look forward to presenting her with the certificate of recognition on behalf of the embassy. The honour goes to the entire staff of the winning embassies. We shall do the same with the embassies in Austria and Switzerland,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BORDERLESS: Between Poverty Alleviation And Wealth Creation Last Thursday, the World Bank stated that the number of the poor in Nigeria would increase by between 15 and 20 million over the next two years as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The World Bank country director in Nigeria, Shubhan Chaudhuri, who said this during the presentation of a report, Nigeria Development POLITICAL ANALYSIS: Nigeria, The Drifting Ship What has gone wrong with Nigeria? One of Nigeria’s greatest contributions to the literary world, the late Professor Chinua Achebe, endeavoured to provide an insightful answer to the teaser. In his classic 333-page book aptly entitled: There was a country, he wrote: “Most members of my generation, who were born before ‘Nigeria In Dire Need Of Restructuring And Ideological Rebirth’ We are very much like in a war situation even though we often shy away from admitting it. We live in denial on many issues and, as far as food production is concerned and being unable to feed the population, five factors are responsible. First, the weather has not been as favourable as required… [FULL STORY] Outrage Greets Abduction Of Katsina Schoolboys There was outrage across the country on Saturday as reports of the kidnap of an unspecified number of students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State spread, bringing back memories of a similar incident in Chibok, Borno State in… FLICKERS: For How Much Longer Can Nigeria Endure Buhari? Two anecdotes, told by keynote speaker, Professor Adeolu Akande last week Wednesday, at a congregation of lawyers, drew the graph of the gripping state of the Nigerian union, in the most spellbinding manner. Two other narratives which strengthened his argument, came in the form of news stories which dominated the media during the same week. The first anecdote by Akande, Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission… VOICE OF COURAGE: …ICC Light On Nigeria THE festering evil in Nigeria has been going on as if it has the whole world under its feet and that no one would call it to question. Human life has become much worthless than those of cows under it and much consequences are at stake for toying with the life of those precious animals in this our  country… Yoruba: Put On Your Thinking Cap I found the piece published here today a compelling read. Titled “The Chinese and Fulani Only Need Patience with Yoruba over South-west Nigeria”, it was authored by my “egbon”, Dr. Babafemi A. Badejo. Please enjoy it! “On December 6, 2020, Aderinwa was on my mind as I played golf at the Sadique Baba Abubakar… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided