THE Vice-Chancellor, University of Abuja (UNIABUJA), Professor Abdul-Rasheed Na’Allah, has commiserated with the family of the pioneer VC of the university, Professor Isa Baba Mohammed, who died on Monday, December 28, 2020. The late Mohammed served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of Abuja between 1988 – 1998. In a condolence message on Tuesday on behalf of the Governing Council, Senate, staff and students of UNIABUJA, by the university’s Head of Information and University Relations, Dr Habib Yakoob, Professor Na’Allah, said as the pioneer VC laid a solid foundation which successive administrations had built upon to lift the university to its present height. Describing the death as an irreparable loss to the immediate family of the deceased and entire university community, Professor Na’Allah, stressed that the late professor of Mathematics would be greatly missed. “Death is inevitable. But when you lose a resourceful and consummate public officer of international standing like this, you are devastated,” he said, pointing out that, “you cannot discuss the history and growth of this university without recounting the role played by this leader.” The VC noted that there was, however, nothing man could do to stave off death once God has decided it was time to recall any of His servants. According to Professor Na’Allah, but for his death, the late vice Chancellor was still very much active and ready to give wise counsel that could help lift the university beyond its present state. He prayed that Allah in His infinite mercies would reward Professor Isa Mohammed with “aljanah firdaus and give his family the fortitude to bear this painful loss.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… | UNIABUJA mourns pioneer VC | UNIABUJA mourns pioneer VC Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided