It was all lamentation as a popular mechanic village called Buzaye was razed down by fire in the wee hours of Monday. The incident which started some few minutes before 10 pm after the close of work by the mechanic on the day caused major damage to the area. Tribune Online recalls that despite the early arrival of firefighters to the scene, scores of vehicles parked in the area were affected by the inferno. Also affected were some of the shops located in the area in which items worth millions of naira were totally consumed by the fire. One of the affected mechanics who rushed to the scene, Abubakar Sadiq, could not hold back tears seeing the level of destruction. He said not less than seven SUV vehicles belonging to his customers were affected by the fire. Meanwhile, the cause of the incident was yet to be confirmed as at the time of writing this report. Frantic efforts were on to put out the fire as the time Tribune Online visited the scene. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided