PROFESSOR of Biochemistry, Bamidele Salau, on Tuesday said that it has been established that several types of cancer have strong links with sugar consumption. The university don made the remark at the sixth inaugural lecture of the Redeemer’s University, Ede, Osun State. He also observed that research has shown that some of the world’s dangerous diseases like diabetes mellitus, metabolic disorder hypertension, and many others are caused by sugar consumption. He stressed further that sugar has been implicated in the causation of metabolic syndrome which is a scaffold for the development of cancer, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus. “It is unusual to associate bitterness to sugar, a substance that is synonymous to anything sweet throughout all. Sugar is a dietary factor that has been implicated in the causation of different types of cancers. There is bitterness in sugar which is camouflaged as sweetness and that sucrose which is an important component is a poison to the body and since no poison is safe, it should be treated as such,” he warned. He added that studies in animal models have equally shown that high fructose, high sucrose and fatty diets may induce metabolic syndrome. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided