An Osun Magistrate court sitting in Osogbo, Osun State capital has ordered the remand of a 37-year-old woman, Ayeni Titilope, a schoolmistress, over alleged sexual assault of four boarding students. The accused person in a charge sheet obtained by Tribune Online on Monday was said to have committed the offence in March 2018, March 2020 and sometime in 2016 at San Francesco Catholic College, Ejigbo. Police prosecutor Inspector Elisha told the court that the accused person did unlawfully and indecently assault one Ismael Mariam aged 18 years by touching her private part and her breast. He furthered alleged that the accused person did assault two females both aged 15 years old and another female aged 14 years old by touching their breasts. Elisha noted that the offence committed was contrary to and punishable under section 360 of the Criminal Code Cap 34 Vol. II Laws of Osun State 2002. However, the accused person pleaded not guilty to the allegations slammed against her. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket… Court remands schoolmistress for alleged sexual assault in Osun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided