The local bourse sustained previous day’s bearish performance, with the benchmark index, All Share Index (ASI) recording its fourth loss in five consecutive trading sessions to close 35,033.74 basis points. Howbeit marginal, equities trading on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) closed with 0.09 per cent decline as investors lost N16 billion on Tuesday leaving the market capitalisation at N18.31 trillion. Thus, Month-to-Date return declined to 0.0 per cent, while Year-to-Date gain moderated to 30.5 per cent. The negative outing was largely contributed by sell-offs on Zenith Bank, Access Bank and Flour mills of Nigeria, whose shares declined by 1.3 per cent, 2.4 per cent and 4.5 per cent respectively. Market sentiment, as measured by market breadth, was negative, as 17 tickers declined, relative to 14 gainers. Regal Insurance and Wapic Insurance recorded the largest losses of the day after depreciating in value by 8.3 per cent and 4.8 per cent, while FTN Cocoa and Royal Exchange topped the gainers’ list with 9.7 per cent and 9.5 per cent respectively. Performance across sectors was broadly negative, as three indices closed red. NSE Banking index lost 0.3 per cent, Industrial Goods shed 0.1 per cent while Consumer Goods declined by 0.1 per cent. The Insurance and Oil & Gas indices recorded gains by 0.5 per cent and 0.3 per cent respectively. The activity was also tepid as the total volume of trades decreased by 5.1 per cent to 307.72 million units, valued at N3.27 billion, and exchanged in 4,507 deals. United Bank for Africa was the most traded stock by volume and value at 142.44 million units and N1.20 billion, respectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Equities market sustains previous day sentiments, sheds 0.1 per cent [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Equities market sustains previous day sentiments, sheds 0.1 per cent SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided