THE Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has declared that only a rebranded FAAN Executive Protocol Service unit will henceforth be allowed to carry out commercial protocol activities at airports across the country. The latest decision was premised on the need to ensure proper crowd control at airports, while still maintaining effective social distancing orchestrated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Speaking at a two day international protocol officers conference organised by Mr Fortune Idu in Lagos, the Managing director of FAAN, Captain Rabiu Yadudu advised that protocol officers attached to various organizations register with the protocol unit for protocol facilitation of their top executives. Yadudu, who was represented by the General Manager, Environment, Mr Auta, explained that FAAN was presently working on the digitalization of the entire process to ensure that those concerned will not have to come to the airports to register, make bookings or make payments. “When this system is completed and launched very soon, you will be able to complete the entire process online in the comfort of your homes or offices. Also, in addition to the need for travelers to abide by all laid down COVID-19 protocols when traveling, we will like to encourage you all as professionals in the field to help us sensitize your top executives that only passengers would be allowed into our airports” The FAAN boss said due to the present limitations in terms of capacity, the management was very mindful of the safety of air travelers hence, in the spirit of the season that it was advisable that passengers abide by laid down Covid-19 protocols in the interest of all. Yadudu noted that protocol as a profession was very important in the operational efficiency of serious-minded organisations, remarking that a lapse in protocol function at the individual, family, organizational or national level was capable of resulting in collateral damage both financially and in terms of reputation. According to the organizer of the conference, Mr Fortune Idu, the conference was put together for protocol officers to understand basic business ethics, protocols requirements for dealing with international businesses and international diplomatic issues. Idu said that conference was a combination of workshop, training, courses and general discussions platform where all the protocol officers come together to share ideas, experiences and raise questions and find answers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided