France’s tourism industry has lost about $72.7 billion (60 billion euros) due to the situation with coronavirus and relevant quarantine restrictions, French Secretary of State for Tourism Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne, told Le Figaron newspaper. According to the official, the cancellation of 2021 Paris Air Show, one of the world’s largest aircraft and spacecraft events traditionally held at Le Bourget, will, in particular, severely hit business tourism. The organisers reported its cancellation over coronavirus restrictions on Monday. “As for the entire tourism industry, not only business tourism … the losses have so far amounted to [approximately] 60 billion euros. “This means that 30-40 per cent of income has disappeared,” Lemoyne said. France imposed its first stay-at-home regime from March-May, hitting hard the eurozone’s second largest economy. The second lockdown came into force on October 30 amid the second coronavirus outbreak, with another closure of stores, businesses and public facilities. On November 28, some quarantine rules were softened allowing clothing stores, bookstores, beauty salons and hairdressers to open. The authorities plan to lift the nationwide lockdown effective on December 15, given the daily average of new infections falls below 5,000. (Sputnik/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided