The International Day of Persons with Disabilities was marked by the GSMA few days ago, with a programme with the theme: ‘Principles for Driving the Digital Inclusion of Persons with Disabilities’. The Principles aim to further inspire the mobile industry to help close the mobile disability gap. According to the World Health Organisation (WHO),there are over one billion people with disabilities; of them, only 1 in 10 has access to the assistive technology they need to live independent lives. Furthermore, the WHO estimates that 80 per cent of persons with disabilities Live in Low- and Middle-Income countries (LMICs).  By combining multiple assistive technologies in a single device, mobile phones are cost-effective tools to enable greater  nclusion and participation for persons with disabilities. The ‘Principles’ set out a framework for action, together with recommended activities, to help address the barriers that currently prevent persons with disabilities from accessing and using mobile-enabled products and services. Research conducted by the GSMA in LMICs shows that persons with disabilities are less likely to own smartphones and use mobile internet than persons without disabilities. Action is required to address the barriers and requirements of persons with disabilities, drive innovation, place persons with disabilities at the heart of the design process and realise the social and commercial opportunity of reaching this underserved segment of the population. By doing so the mobile industry can make meaningful change and help ensure no one is left behind in an increasingly digital world. “Removing the barriers faced by persons with disabilities requires informed action from all stakeholders,” said Mr Mats Granryd, Director General, GSMA. “It’s time for the mobile industry to take steps to ensure our products and services   are accessible, unlocking the power of connectivity so that all people thrive. I am   delighted that Dialog Axiata PLC, Optus, Orange Group, Safaricom PLC, Telefónica   Group, Turkcell, Vodacom South Africa and Zain Group have already signed up to the   Principles and I look forward to many more industry participants joining us in this   commitment,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided