West and Central Africa’s foremost airline, Air Peace, has clinched the Aviation Company of the Year Award under the Sectoral Awards Category at the Nigerian Business Leadership Awards, NBLA, 2020, organised by BusinessDay Newspaper. In the same vein, the Chairman/CEO of the airline, Mr Allen Onyema, has also bagged the Most Admired CEO of the Year under the Global Awards Category of the NBLA. Receiving the awards on behalf of Onyema, the Ground Operations Manager, Mr Ayodeji Adeyemi, expressed gratitude to the organizers of the awards for finding Air Peace and its CEO worthy of the recognition. While emphasising that Air Peace would continue to lift Nigerian skies to greater heights by demonstrating superior excellence in the provision of best-in-class flight services, Adeyemi described Onyema as a philanthropist and a visionary leader whose commitment to Nigeria’s development is not in doubt and has exemplified this quality on different occasions. The decision to nominate Air Peace for the “Aviation Company of the Year” award, the organisers said, was informed by the airline’s track record as Nigeria’s leading aviation company. Air Peace has significantly contributed to shaping the future of the Nigerian aviation industry by driving excellent service delivery and supporting local capacity Allen Onyema was chosen as the Most Admired CEO of the Year, the organizers said as he has won the admiration and affection of millions of Nigerians due to his sustained commitment to national development, and willingness to make significant contributions to important national causes. According to Adeyemi, “The Most Admired CEO of the Year award is a testament of Mr. Onyema’s image as the ideal model of a business leader”, the organizers asserted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided