The head of the race equality think tank says the UK government has pushed a “white nationalist” agenda by prioritising the needs of white working-class people to the detriment of their Black and Asian counterparts, Halima Begum, the director of the Runnymede Trust told The Guardian newspaper. Begum said this in her first interview since being appointed the head of the race equality think tank. “If you have white liberals pushing a white nationalist agenda, it’s very easy to challenge for other white liberals who don’t agree,” Begum said. According to Begum, the United Kingdom’s ruling Conservative Party has opted for a narrative that targets members of the white working-class who feel that they have been left behind. “What I see instead is the Conservatives pushing through (a narrative of) a white working-class that’s been left behind, which by the way is where (U.S. President Donald) Trump was at about six years ago,” the think tank director said. The government should instead be pushing a message that also accounts for the concerns of Black and Asian members of the working class, Begum remarked. With a pledge to “get Brexit done,” the Conservative Party in 2019 scored election victories in many lower-income constituencies in northern and central England that were previously part of Labour’s so-called red wall.  (Sputnik/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Apple Goes Into Car Production Tech giant, Apple, makers of iPhone, MacBook, and other high-end gadgets has decided to expand its business by going into the production of self-driving cars with high-performance batteries by 2024… Kano Youth, 23 Years, Marries 46-Year-Old American Mother A Kano youth, Suleiman Isah Isah, 23 years, of Panshekara in Kano metropolis has married his heartthrob, Janine Sanchezt, a 46-year-old American mother… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided