Stakeholders under the aegis of Ilaje Stakeholders Forum have lamented their exclusion from the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) Board. It said despite being an oil-producing part of Ondo State, the area was not allotted any top position in the constituted Board of the Commission. This was contained in a statement issued by the Forum’s President, Chief Eko Isinmi in Abuja on Tuesday. According to him, the  Ilaje host community is bedevilled by sea incursion owing to long time oil exploration by the multi-national companies without the development of the indigenous areas. “It is no longer news that ilaje the oil producing Area of Ondo State has been marginalised since there are no top position of NDDC being given to the area since the constitution of the Board”. “It is on record that the Ilajes have the longest coastline in Africa as well the highest accumulation of oil wells offshore in Nigeria. “Our people have been at the receiving end of oil degradation and pollution and have been staunch supporters of President Muhammadu Buhari since 2015,” he said. In view of this, he urged President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the choice of an Ilaje indigene as the next substantive managing director of NDDC under the provision of the Act that established the commission. “It is therefore imperative for the host community of Ondo State which happens to be the fifth largest producer of oil in Nigeria to be appointed for this position. “We appeal to Mr President to help put an end to these irregularities being perpetrated by some persons in the region,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided