Edo State House of Assembly has amended the law establishing the Edo State University, Iyamoh, to reflect a new name for the university, located in the native home of the former National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress, APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. The Assembly, specifically amended Section Four of the Edo State University Law by replacing ‘Iyamoh’ in the principal law with ‘Uzairue’. Tribune Online gathered that while Uzairue is the generic name for the Etsako clan, Iyamoh is a specific name of one of the villages under the bigger Uzairue Kingdom. Acting on an Executive Request made to the legislative body, the Committee of the Whole House suspended rule 20 of the Assembly to enable it to consider the request and amend the principal law. It subsequently amended the relevant section four of the principal law and changed the location of the university from the unit, Iyamoh, to Uzarue, the primogeniture name for the clan where the higher institution is sited. That done, the Speaker, Hon Marcus Onobun, directed that the bill be given an accelerated third reading and clean copies are sent to Governor Godwin Obaseki for his assent. Meanwhile, the Assembly also passed a bill to set up Edo State College of Education, following the presentation of same to the house by the Deputy Speaker and Chairman, House Committee on Education, Roland Asoro. The bill was also given its third reading after minor amendments by the Committee of the Whole House. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… Assembly renames Edo University [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Assembly renames Edo University SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided