Gunmen suspected to be hired assassins in the early hours of Monday stormed Kurna community and killed one Idris Salisu Goma, a factory worker, in Kano metropolis. A source who preferred anonymity disclosed that Goma worked with a fertilizer company in Ungoggo Local Government of Kano State. The source hinted that the gang met Goma in the midst of a prayer and attacked him with machetes. “We tried to rush him to Murtala Muhammad Specialist Hospital, but he had lost so much blood. He gave up before we reached the hospital,” the source said. It was also disclosed that in the past few days, the armed gang has been frequently terrorising the local community. It was not immediately clear what was the motive of the attack. But another source stated that it could be a handiwork of hired assassins or an armed robbery by local urchins. As of the time of filing this report, the Kano State Police Command spokesman DSP Haruna Abdullahi did not respond to calls from this reporter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why Sanusi Was My Choice As Emir Of Kano ― Kwankwaso Former governor of Kano State, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, has defended his choice of former Governor of Central Bank, Muhammad Sanusi II, as the Emir of Kano. Incumbent Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, at a… Apple Goes Into Car Production Tech giant, Apple, makers of iPhone, MacBook, and other high-end gadgets has decided to expand its business by going into the production of self-driving cars with high-performance batteries by 2024… Kano Youth, 23 Years, Marries 46-Year-Old American Mother A Kano youth, Suleiman Isah Isah, 23 years, of Panshekara in Kano metropolis has married his heartthrob, Janine Sanchezt, a 46-year-old American mother… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided