Friends, family and top government functionaries on Tuesday eulogised the virtues of integrity, honestly hard work and humility of the National Librarian, Professor Lenrie Olatokunbo Aina as he turns 70. The 70th birthday celebration which was held at the International Conference Centre, University of Ibadan, was preceded by a Church Thanksgiving Service at the Chapel of Resurrection of the University. The officiating Priest, Very Rev. Dr Olufikayo Kunle Oyelade, in his sermon, said lack of integrity has been the bane of the country, saying he was, however, glad that this rare quality is exemplified by Prof Aina in both private and public life. Minister of State for Education, Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, in his remark, commended the National Librarian for the transformation and prudent management of resources allocated to NLN. Nwajiuba who was represented by his Special Assistant on Project Implementation, Engr Adewale Adenaike said Professor Aina has commanded a high level of integrity and epitome of humility. He said: “I have heard a lot of things that are being said about you today and one thing that stands out to me is the product of your upbringing.” The wife, Celina Abimbola Aina, described the septuagenarian as a quintessential gentleman to a fault, saying she could not regret a moment in their years of marriage. “The best I can tell you is that my husband is honest, contented, kind and full of integrity. A man with a large heart and a cheerful giver,” she said. Registrar and Chief Executive of Teachers’ Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN), Professor Josiah Ajiboye, described Aina as a leading light and a good thing that has happened to National Library of Nigeria as the National Librarian. Ajiboye said his relationship with Prof. Aina spanned years in University of Botswana, having been involved in brain-drain, and that Aina taught for 18 years in the country before returning to Nigeria in 2007. The staff of the National Library of Nigeria also poured encomium on their boss, they described as a visionary leader who has come to reposition the Apex library in the country. Head of Kwara Branch of NLN, Mrs Olani Bimpe, who spoke on behalf of other staffers, said while over 800 staff have been trained, Aina was able to clear the backlog of promotion and payment of arrears with meagre resources at his disposal. Prof. Aina, in his vote of thanks, reiterated his commitment to change the fortunes of the National Library of Nigeria, saying by the time the ongoing construction of the national headquarters of NLN is completed everybody would be proud of being a Nigerian. He attributed his successes in life to his wife who had been there for him and a strong family value. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided