The Federal Government has approved passengers’ charges for the new Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge rail which is expected to begin operations by January 2021. The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, made the disclosure during the inauguration of the Governing Council of the Chartered Institute of Transport Administration of Nigeria (CIoTA) in Abuja on Friday. The theme for the 2nd Annual Summit is “Building Sustainable Transport Infrastructure in Nigeria: Opportunities, Innovations and Technologies”. Amaechi said: “I have received the mandate of President Muhammadu Buhari to inaugurate the Lagos-Ibadan rail project by January 2021 which will make Nigerians see the way the standard gauge railway looks like. “Today, I approved the charges for passengers from Lagos to Ibadan. We just transferred how we charged from Abuja to Kaduna. “We charge N3,000 per Economy seat, N5,000 for Business class and N6,000 for First class. The same is applicable to Lagos to Ibadan. “It should have started running by now before Mr President inaugurate it by January.” The minister added that there had been tremendous changes in most of the air terminals saying that the Minister of Aviation would inform the public of the completion of Lagos/Kano terminal. Amaechi promised that the ministry would collaborate with CIoTA to enable them to achieve their objectives. He added that transportation was more than administration but without administration there would be no transportation. The minister said CIoTA’s role was critical to the growth of transportation in Nigeria adding that the country had advanced a lot in the area of transportation. The primary aim and objectives of the Institute are to advance the study, training and practice of transport management and administration in Nigeria regardless of specialization within the industry; and to set standards of practice and determines the knowledge and skills to be attained by persons seeking to become registered members of the Institute and practice as a Chartered Transporters. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…FG unfolds new charges  FG unfolds new charges #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…FG unfolds new charges  FG unfolds new charges NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided