Skyway Aviation Handling Company (SAHCO) PLC has become the first ground handling company in Nigeria to acquire an eco-friendly ground support equipment to boost its operations. According to the company, the new fleet of ground handling equipment which were manufactured by Charlatte Manutention, a global equipment manufacturer based in France are fully electric, making them very eco-friendly as the world continues to battle global warming. The electric tractors which require little maintenance and use rechargeable batteries thereby making them cost effective compared to diesel powered tractors, are also ergonomically designed which helps with making maneuvering on the ramp easy which is essential to provide safe, speedy and efficient services to clients. The Engineering and Maintenance unit of the company had earlier built solar powered, non-contact hand washing/sanitizing stations from locally sourced materials. These stations which can be seen at the SAHCO headquarters and also at SIFAX Group offices, are equipped with sanitizing dispensers, handwashing units, tap paper towel dispenser all foot pedal powered to ensure minimal contacts from users. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided