The National Population Commission (NpopC) chairman, Nasir Kwarra on Tuesday said Nigeria’s current estimated population is 206 million. This was even as the Commission announced the commencement of the 11th phase of Enumeration Area Demarcation (EAD). The chairman who made the disclosure at a press briefing stated that although the country was yet to conduct the long-overdue census, plans were underway to conduct the exercise by 2021 and concluded in 2022. According to him, the country had in the last 14 years been unable to hold a national census noting that it was not an aberration to make projections. “In the absence of an actual census, we formally make projections, and we have all along been making our projections, and we estimate that as of 2020, the estimated population of Nigeria is 206 million.” On the commencement of the EAD exercise, Kwarra said about 260 local government areas out of the 774 in the country had been fully demarcated. He stated that the 11th phase of the exercise would begin on December 9, 2020, and end on January 20, 2021. “The training the trainer and other technical officers for the EAD has just been completed in Akwanga, Nasarawa State while the states’ training for demarcators will kick off nationwide on December 9, 2020. “Planning for the census is anchored on the EAD as the basis for estimating both the human and material resources required for the census. In essence, the success of a credible and accurate census depends very much on the quality and reliability of the EAD.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided