President Muhammadu Buhari will “address” a joint session of the National Assembly on Thursday, December 10, 2020. This is according to the president’s aide on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie who made the announcement on Twitter on Monday. Although she made no mention of the purpose of the visit, the President’s appearance at the National Assembly may not be unconnected to the summon by the House of Representatives over the recent killing of 43 farmers in Zabarmari community in Borno State. Onochie’s tweet: FLASH, FLASHPresident @MBuhari will address a joint Session of the National Assembly (@nassnigeria) on Thursday 10th December, 2020. pic.twitter.com/vTOtnOfRCt — Lauretta Onochie (@Laurestar) December 7, 2020  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided