As part of efforts to increase food production in Nigeria, Food Growers Association of Nigeria (FOGAN), has disclosed that it would increase its membership from three million as at last planting season to 10 million before the 2022 planting season. The association also said it would be training grassroots farmers in modern farming techniques, while it partners the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to provide modern equipment for farmers, such as tractor, harvesters and sprayers at an affordable rate. National President of the FOGAN, Joseph Owolabi who made disclosed this on Monday while briefing journalists in Abuja, said the association would also provide fertilizers, insecticide, seedlings at an affordable price to members nationwide. Owolabi said efforts are being made to recruit more members nationwide through the association’s state chairmen and local government coordinators. “Nigeria’s GDP from agriculture has increased from 3.7m to 3.9m in the first to the second quarter of the year, our activities will double the country GDP in agriculture come by next year,” he noted. He said FOGAN will collaborate with traditional rulers in the provision of arable land members in their localities with the help Nigeria Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA). Owolabi further noted that there will be the provision of silos to store all perishable or non-perishable crops in all 774 local governments. “Our members will be given conducive environment plant the crops that suitable for their environment through the Nigeria Institute of Soil Science to achieve a bountiful harvest. Availability of market for harvested crops will be certain through a partnership with Agro-industry through small or large scale farming system. “This practice will lead to flooding market with food before the end of the year 2024. These will be achieved through the cooperation and support of other NGOs, government agencies and individual and Nigeria will maintain his position as the giant of Africa. “Food Growers Association of Nigeria are highly in support of the government in the ban of some agricultural product and closure of borders to ship importation of goods that are being produced locally such as rice, cassava, yam, beans, Guinea corn, millet, poultry, fishery, piggery. “FOGAN will also partner with International Institute for Tropical Agriculture (IITA) in addressing stable food crops industries like banana, cowpea, maize, soya beans, and yam tubers to farmers for the production and keeping our member crops healthy, and to improve their farming livelihoods,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided