AN organisation, You Matter To Us, a Lagos-based non-governmental platform has celebrated children with special needs in Surulere, Mushin, Idimu and Ogudu, all in Lagos to put smiles on their faces during the yuletide season. At the celebration, which was also to mark the International Day of Persons with Disabilities (IDPD), a celebrity and Nollywood actress, Ireti Osayemi said the COVID-19 pandemic had affected the health, social and economic wellbeing of many individuals, more especially people with disabilities. She, however, called for more support in the application of digital technologies for the empowerment of children with disabilities and capacity building for their teachers. According to her, “As the theme for the event, ‘Remembering the special kids this season,’ we like everyone to know that our society is incomplete without children living with disabilities.” Omolara Ajetunmobi, founder of the organization, said the NGO had a focus on disabled children so as to promote their inclusiveness since every child matters and deserves equal rights to access the world. Children at the event participated in different games with winners awarded with gifts and over 600 children with special needs were given educational Christmas gifts school bags and exercise books, You matter to us Foundation is an International CSR organisation based in Nigeria, driven by the vision to create exciting opportunities for children living with disabilities and the less privileged in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided