Some police officers posted to Noyo Police Station in Ikwo Local Government Area of Ebonyi State on Monday, escaped death as suspected hoodlums unleashed an attack on them and set the station and patrol van ablaze. According to the DPO of the area, Mr Danjuma Dantata, the hoodlums also broke into the armoury and made away with police rifles. Danjuma then thanked the executive chairman of Ikwo LGA, Elder Stephen Orogwu for his quick intervention. On his part, the executive chairman who visited the scene, condemned the attack on Noyo police station by the hoodlums. He also ordered the immediate transfer of the police officers who sustained different degrees of injuries during the attack to Alex Ekwueme Federal Teaching Hospital, Abakaliki for proper treatment. He then called on security agencies to fully investigate the matter. “I came because of the distress calls I received last night over the attack on Noyo police station. “I have gone round the station and saw the burnt vehicle. I have seen their attempt to burn the main police building, and how they vandalised the offices. “I have done the assessment and I will report back to His Excellency, the Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Nweze Umahi for his quick intervention on the matter. Though I have sent him a message last night concerning the attack, but I needed to be here this morning to ascertain the level of destruction. “I condemn the act and urge the security agents both police, DSS and community vigilante to do their job by giving a full investigation on the matter and bring the perpetrators to book,” he said. The chairman, however, enjoined youths of the area to queue into State Government empowerment programs than involving themselves in all forms of criminality. He also thanked the security agencies and joint community vigilantes for their prompt actions during the attack and enjoined the people of Ikwo LGA especially Noyo community to go back to their normal businesses as the security agents and community vigilantes have been strategically put in place to safeguard and protect lives and property of the people in that axis. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided