THE Federal Government has disclosed that it will not impose a travel ban to and from the United Kingdom, over the mutated strain of COVID-19. According to the government, it will require the concurrence of neighbouring countries for the ban to be effective. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, disclosed this when he featured on a Radio Nigeria programme, “Politics Nationwide” on Tuesday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mohammed said: “although the government is concerned over the importation of the COVID-19 new strain, it did not want to take a hasty decision.” He said the presidential committee on COVID-19 deliberated on the issue at its meeting on Monday and decided to watch the development for the time being. He said they are working with West African Health Organisations and other neighbouring countries, particularly, Benin Republic, Togo and Ghana. “We did not want to take a hasty decision to ban flight from the UK into Nigeria only to find out our people are going through Cotonou, Lome or Accra to come into the country. “What the airlines will do is to transfer Nigerian passengers to these routes and they will enter the country through the land borders. ALSO READ: The burden of insecurity and leadership crisis “This will lead into hardship to Nigerians because if you transfer your economy to other countries you lose a lot of money. “However, if we get the concurrence of these other countries, we will not hesitate to do the needful. “We are consulting and being very careful in order to take a proper decision,” he said. It would be recalled that the minister gave the hint on Monday that the Federal Government might impose travel ban to and from certain parts of the world into the country. Mohammed, a member of PTF, had said at a Special NAN Forum that the government was concerned about the new strain of COVID-19, manifesting itself in the UK that is the mutated strain. “It is difficult to detect, it spreads faster and people have been known to die of it within a very short period of its detection. “This is a major concern to us as a country. “Why I did not want to pre-empt the PTF because we are meeting this afternoon, it is going to be top on the agenda of our discussions. “I will not be surprised if that will be the recommendation of the committee which is meeting later today,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided