FROM January 2021, stockbrokers would be mandated to give details of any investor in the Nigerian capital market who trades any security more than 499,999 units. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has already sent out a circular to registered brokers/dealers that the implementation of this policy will commence from Saturday, January 2, 2021. It is in line with one of the rules and regulations of the apex capital market regulator, which the brokerage companies agreed to adhere to. In the notice, SEC reminded the brokers that Rule 56 (1&2) (c) of the Rules and Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission provides that: “Registered brokers/dealers shall disclose to the Commission any dealings in a Security valued at a minimum of 500,000 units executed in a single deal or in multiple deals on the same day on behalf of his clients or on his own account not later than 24 hours after such activity.” It noted that, “In line with the above rule, the commission wishes to request all Capital Market Operators registered as brokers, dealers or broker-dealers to henceforth comply with the rule and forward the required returns as in the template below. The returns shall be sent to the following email address in excel CSV template, stockexchange@sec.gov.ng. In the template, stockbrokers are required to supply its name, clearing house (CH) number, investor name, permanent address, email address, phone number, transaction date, security symbol, transaction type, ticket number, volume, unit price and total price. This policy may have been triggered to monitor the movement of funds in the market.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided