The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has said that Messrs Azimo and Messrs Transfer Wise,  both of which are purportedly transacting business, albeit unauthorised, as International Money Transfer Operators (IMTOs) are not registered. A statement signed by Osita Nwanisobi  Ag. Director, Corporate Communications at CBN, noted that the bank wishes to notify the general public that neither Messrs. Azimo nor Messrs Transfer Wise is licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria to operate as an International Money Transfer Operator (IMTO). “The public is therefore advised to beware of the activities of Messrs Azimo and Messrs Transfer Wise and desist from patronising the companies forthwith. “Anyone who patronizes the unregistered companies does so at his or her own risk,” the statement read in part. Only recently, International money transfer operators (IMTOs) and commercial banks in the country agreed to start paying beneficiaries of diaspora remittances in foreign currencies through the designated bank of their choice, the Central Bank of Nigeria has announced. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided