NIGERIA’S Air Peace, on Monday commenced commercial flights into Makurdi, Benue State, in line with its route expansion drive, thus becoming the only airline operating Lagos-Makurdi flights at the moment amidst excitement from the state government and indigenes of the state. On ground to receive the airline’s inaugural flight which departed the Murtala Muhammed Airport (MMA), Lagos by 7:00 am via the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport (NAIA), Abuja to Makurdi was the state governor, Mr Samuel Ortom. Also on ground to receive the inaugural flight was a former governor of the state and Minister of Special Duties, Senator George Akume and the Airport Manager, Mrs Comfort Ogbuagwu. The flight, according to the airline, would operate weekly on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays connecting passengers from Lagos and Abuja to Makurdi. The Ground Operations Manager of Air Peace, Mr. Ayodeji Adeyemi who represented the Chairman at the inaugural flight ceremony, described the flight as “a historic feat as no airline currently operates flights from Lagos and Abuja to Makurdi. Adeyemi said the decision to operate to Makurdi was “borne out of our persisting original vision to interconnect various cities across Nigeria, thereby fostering unity and promoting impactful economic relations.” Reacting, Governor Ortom commended the airline’s management for the opportunity to have commercial air transport to Benue State, saying the development would boost the state’s economy. While saying having a commercial flight to the state would open it up for foreign direct investment (FDI) as the fear of traveling to the state by road has been completely removed, Ortom declared: “I particularly thank the Air Peace Chairman for accepting this partnership and we are hopeful this would be fruitful. It will also ease the travel burden of our people”. Also, Senator George Akume who was aboard the return flight to Abuja noted that there had been several unsuccessful attempts in the past to ensure regular flights into Makurdi. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided