The Presidency on Wednesday alerted on what it said was a smear campaign in the works against President Muhammadu Buhari and his office “by disgruntled political elements in the country who have been shopping for pliant online media that will serve as accomplices in their nefarious act.” This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity), in which it alerted that general public that “the game plan is to launch orchestrated campaign of calumny in the days ahead, in which President Muhammadu Buhari would be portrayed as not being in charge of the country, a narrative already started from a procured offshore medium by the instigators.” The statement added: “Money and other attractive inducements are being dangled before the online media and some of them are already complicit, cooking up stories with jejune and unsubstantiated allegations, all to sow seeds of discord and discontent in the country. “Nigerians are urged to be wary and discerning in what they consume as news and special reports from such online media as they are in cahoots with agents of destabilisation, seeking ultimate political gains.” The Presidency affirmed that Buhari “remains focused and singleminded in his determination to serve the country to the best of his ability, bringing change to different facets of our national life.” The statement added: “This is already evident in infrastructure as seen in roads, rail, bridges, airports, and many other strides round the country. Agriculture is another worthy testimonial. “The fight against corruption, insecurity, and retooling of the economy also proceed apace, and the Buhari administration will not be distracted, and will continue to serve with heart and might, irrespective of all shenanigans.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided