Journalists in Delta State have been enjoined to advocate for a return to the old practice of community efforts aimed at cleaning up streets in cities, towns and villages to enhance environmental sustainability and aesthetics of the state. The Director General (DG) of the Delta State Capital Development Agency, Honourable Onyemaechi Mrakpor, made the plea when the Chairman of the Delta State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Comrade Michael Ikeogwu, paid a courtesy call in her office in Asaba. She recalled that in the good old days, youths in communities would be organised at intervals to clean up the streets and markets. She added that such efforts contributed immensely in keeping the environment clean from filth and health hazards. The DG wondered why such communal efforts have gradually gone extinct, adding that journalists should harp on the return to the practice in their reports. Mrakpor, who decried the nonchalant attitude of some residents during the monthly environmental sanitation exercise in the state, maintained that most residents in the state take the period of the clean-up exercise to relax, while some others engage in street football. She added that there was the urgent need to revisit the purpose of the compulsory monthly clean up exercise so as to appraise its impacts in the state. The DG enjoined residents in the state to shun the unwholesome belief that government alone should arrange for the cleaning up of the cities, towns and villages in the state. According to her, while the state government engages the services of street sweepers to keep the streets in cities and towns clean of filth, residents should also ensure that they clean up their residences and surroundings at all times to keep diseases at bay. Earlier, the NUJ chairman who was on the visit with select journalists had appealed to the DG of her coveted partnership with the NUJ in order to actualise set goals as regards the further development of Asaba. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided