Following the escalation of violent clashes between Ode and Isinigbo communities that led to an attack on one of them, the state government has imposed a 24-hour curfew on both communities with immediate effect. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by the state Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Donald Ojogo, who said the step was taken to douse the tension in the two communities. Ojogo stated in the statement that “Aside approving this action, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, has equally ordered a massive manhunt for perpetrators of the despicable violence just as investigations are already on to unravel the real cause(s) of same. “With respect to the curfew, security agencies have been directed to ensure total compliance with the order. “For emphasis, both Ode and Isinigbo communities have been closed down for any unauthorised human movement and activity until further notice.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Ondo govt imposes 24-hour  Ondo govt imposes 24-hour 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Ondo govt imposes 24-hour  Ondo govt imposes 24-hour NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided