An early morning riot broke out at Rukpokwu, Obio/Akpor local government area of Port Harcourt, Rivers State on Thursday after a policeman on patrol allegedly shot and killed a commercial tricycle (keke) operator over N100 bribe. Spontaneous protests were staged by commercial tricycle operators who were joined by angry youths and residents to protest against the senseless killing of the keke driver popularly known as “School boy”. The angry protesters blocked the Airport road, major and adjoining roads leading to the Port Harcourt International Airport causing heavy traffic with bonfires. The protesters also tried to march to the Police Special Area Command in Rumuodomaya but were resisted by policemen who shot sporadically for several hours in order to ward them off. Sources said confirmed that one other protester was killed by police bullet while many were wounded and taken to the University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital for medical attention. Many others sustained bullet wounds as the police tried to disperse the protesters. Sources at the University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital (UPTH) said Police Hilux van marked with “Operation Sting” donated by the Rivers State Government was seen carrying two dead bodies. Another police van was said to have been used to bring in “three other injured persons who were agonizing in pains from bullet wounds. They were sighted at the Accident and Emergency Ward of UPTH.” One of the victims who gave his name as Amaechi was seen writhing in pains while calling for help and attention from the medical team at the ward. It could not be immediately ascertained the immediate reason for killing the keke driver popularly known as “School Boy” by the yet-to-be-identified policeman. However, various sources claimed that the deceased was shot dead at close range by a policeman attached to a patrol team in the early hours of today due to his refusal to part with N100 bribe. The police patrol team is allegedly drawn from the Police Special Area Command Divisional Command in Rumuodomaya, headquarters of Obio-Akpor local government area. According to sources, immediately the police team found out that “School Boy” was shot dead and his tricycle plunged into the gutter, they fled the scene of the incident to avoid reprisal attack from angry passersby who witnessed the incident. Nnamdi Omoni, the spokesman of the Rivers State Police Command confirmed the incident and said that the trigger-happy policeman who fired the shot that killed the keke driver had been arrested and demobilised. Shopowners along the Rumuodomaya and Rukpokwu and those along Airport road hurriedly closed their shops as vehicles deserted the roads, forcing commuters to trek long distances. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided