THE Oodua Peoples congress (OPC) has warned the South-West governors against departing from the initial guidelines on the formation of the Regional Security Network codenamed Amotekun. The Ondo State coordinator of OPC, Mr Pius Ogunsanya, who stated this in a statement, noted that the governors of the six states in the region had been drifting away from the initial objective, especially in the area of recruitment. According to him, the security outfit had failed to ful- fill its objectives and fallen below the expectations of the people of the region in terms of curtailing crimes in the zone. Ogunsanya, however, called on the governors to return to the resolutions adopted at the Lagos and ibadan summits on the establishment of the security network. He lamented the incessant killings and kidnappings across the region, noting that these killings and other atrocities were avoidable if necessary steps were taken. ALSO READ: SEC to enforce trading disclosure of 500,000 stocks, others He frowned over the killing of a first-class traditional ruler and olufon of ifon, in ondo State, oba israel Adeusi in Elegbeka, along the Owo-Benin highway by some unidentified bandits. The OPC leader noted that the ipele/ifon/imoru axis of the expressway had come under attack by herdsmen and bandits in recent times, while the security outfit had failed to address the situation. He said: “As a way to put a final stop to such deadly attacks, kidnapping and killings along the highways across the region, South West gov- ernors should go back to the resolutions reached at both the Ibadan and Lagos security summits. “They should implement the recommendations as originally approved by all the stakeholders, including the Aare onakankafo of Yorubaland, Gani Adams, who led groups like the Hunters’ Associations, Agbekoya and Vigilante Group of Nigeria (VGN) to the summits.” Ogunsanya noted that the current formation of Amotekun by the governors could adequately tackle and put an end to the menace of herdsmen’s attacks, kidnapping, killings and other criminal activities inside the forests and hinterlands across the region. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided