The Niger State government has directed the closure of public and private schools as well as tertiary institutions across the state from Friday, December 18. A statement issued by Secretary to the State Government (SSG) and Chairman, Niger State Task Force on COVID-19 Pandemic, Ahmed Ibrahim Matane, stated that the closure followed an upsurge of the COVID-19 in the country. Ahmed Matane disclosed that the second wave of coronavirus in the country necessitated the closure of all schools in the State for the period of thirty days. The Chairman stated further that in order to curb the spread of COVID-19 pandemic in the state due to the spike, the government has directed that all civil servants were to stay at home from Monday, 21st December, 2020 till further notice except those on essential services. The SSG thereby enjoined the people of the state to quickly return to the use of face masks, physical and social distancing so as to help curb the spread of the pandemic in the state, adding that coronavirus was still very much lurking around. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19: Niger govt orders closure of public, private schools, tertiary institutions Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… COVID-19: Niger govt orders closure of public, private schools, tertiary institutions SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided