Soldiers attached to the four Special Forces of the Nigeria Army, Doma in Nasarawa State said on Wednesday that they have arrested the chief priest of the late Terwase Gana and 41 members of the notorious gang. This brings the arrest of Gana’s members to 119 since the death of the notorious gang leader in September this year. The 4 Special Forces Commander, Major General MG Ali disclosed this in Doma, the headquarters of the command while parading the suspects before Journalists. General Ali explained that in line with the command’s readiness to restore peace in Benue, Taraba, and Southern Plateau have carried out operations, dislodged a total of 41 members of Gana’s gang members. According to the General Ali, the sum of N1,487, 500 were recovered from the bandits. “I am pleased to inform you that not only did the Special Forces snatched the chief priest, but I am glad to tell you that the dreaded shrine has been razed, the chief priest has been responsible for preparing charms for the gang using human parts of kidnapped persons,” General Ali stated. He said in addition, one of the Commander in charge of robbery gang terrorising the people of Taraba, Benue and Nasarawa, Torkuma also died under the Command’s siege while hiding in a village at Katsina-Ala. According to him, the Special Forces dislodged Boko Haram terrorist and notorious bandits in Toto, Nasarawa adding that in one of the operation in Kaduna, the command in collaboration with other sister organizations arrested one of the dislodged Boko Haram members, Salisu Usman Dabo and neutralised Buji Bazamfare as well as key bandits terrorising motorist along Lokoja, Kotonkarfe, Abaji Abuja axis. “In one of our operations in Okpla, Isanlu, Ilorin, Edo, Kogi and Kwarra the command succeeded in snatching Abdulhakeem Sadiq and Momoh the notorious kidnappers – kingpin terrorising Kogi area that kidnapped and killed a DSS staff. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Army captures late Gana  Army captures late Gana 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Army captures late Gana  Army captures late Gana NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided