Negative sentiments persisted at the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), as the All-Share Index (ASI) fell by marginal four basis points to 35,021.26 points. The ASI decreased further by 0.04 per cent on Wednesday just as the market worth lost N6.524 billion to settle at N18.3 trillion. Consequently, Month-to-Date loss increased to -0.1 per cent while Year-to-Date gain moderated to 30.5 per cent. Market sentiment, as measured by market breadth, was also negative, as 21 tickers declined, relative to 13 gainers. Royal Exchange and Ardova Oil led the loser’s list having declined by 8.7 per cent respectively, while FTN Cocoa Processing and Union Diagnostics recorded the largest gains of the day after 8.8 per cent and 8.0 per cent respective increase in share value. Also, performance across sub-sectors tracked remained bearish as four out of the five indices closed south except for the NSE Industrial index which closed flat. The NSE Banking, NSE Insurance, NSE Consumer Goods and NSE Oil/Gas indices declined by 0.07 per cent, 1.04 per cent, 0.03 per cent and 0.37 per cent respectively. Meanwhile, activity in the market was mixed: while deals and volume of stocks traded fell by 14.33 per cent and 7.76 per cent to 3,855 deals and 0.30 billion units respectively; however, total value traded rose by 4.46 per cent to N3.42 billion. FBN Holdings was the most traded stock by volume at 40.78 million units, while Guaranty Trust Bank was the most traded stock by value at N1.08 billion. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Equities investors lose N6.5bn  Equities investors lose N6.5bn 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Equities investors lose N6.5bn After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Equities investors lose N6.5bn NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided