Governor Douye Diri of Bayelsa State has expressed confidence in the ability of the two candidates of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, in the Saturday Bayelsa West and Central bye-elections to win the polls and make impacts when they resumed in the Senate. Diri, who spoke to newsmen shortly after voting at his polling unit 4, ward 6 in his community, Sampou, Kolokuma/Opokuma Local Government Area, described the PDP candidate and former governor in the West Senatorial District, Chief Seriake Dickson and that of the Central Senatorial District, Moses Cleopas, a former PDP state chairman, as incomparable to any other party’s candidate in the bye-election. According to him, the upper house of the National Assembly is not a place for jokers but people with integrity and understanding who would bring acumen to the Senate and make the state proud. “Being a former member of the National Assembly, I know it takes a great pedigree to belong there. So I know that the candidates of our great party, the PDP, are eminently qualified to be there”, the governor said. Diri commended the peaceful nature of the bye-elections and expressed optimism that his party’s candidates would emerge victorious at the conclusion of the exercise. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided