The Managing Director/CEO of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), Chief George Moghalu has bagged three awards of excellent performance from three different media firms in . In a statement signed   by the General Manager, Corporate Affairs of the agency, Jibril Darda’u, the triple awards all came in December in recognition of the Managing Director’s tremendous achievements and contributions to the development of the Inland Waterways sector, nation building and selfless services to humanity. “The first award, ‘Maritime CEO To Watch In 2020’ was bestowed on the NIWA MD by a maritime magazine, Shipping World Magazine in Lagos, recently. The second award, ‘Maritime Personality Of The Year 2020’ was bestowed on the NIWA MD in Abuja by the organizers of Leadership Excellence Awards, Igbere TV. The third award, ‘Lifetime Achievement Of The Year 2020’ was conferred on the NIWA MD by Top Flyers Magazine International also in Abuja.” Accepting the awards, the NIWA MD thanked the media for closely monitoring his activities for the past one year in office and his humanitarian services to Nigerians which led to these awards. In his words, “I see it as a scorecard of successes so far. “Definitely, this will motivate me to strive and do more to achieve all the mandates given by President Muhammadu Buhari to transform the inland waterways transportation system in the country.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided