A yet to be identified man has died in a fatal accident that occurred along the Nnobi Ojoto Road on Tuesday, at 11:35 am. The accident took place at Nnobi-Ojoto in Idemili South Local Government of Anambra State. Eyewitness account said that a total of six male adults were on board while two male adults who sustained varying degrees of injuries were taken to Our Lady’s Hospital Umuoji by sympathisers. Confirming the report, Florence Edor, the Anambra State FRSC Sector Public Enlightenment Officer (SPEO), disclosed this in a press release. She said that “an unidentified driver of a truck without registration number carrying drinks climbing hill jackknifed and blocked the road.” The SPEO said that “an unsuspecting tanker driver without registration number and a bus with registration number AA904JJT crashed into the stationary vehicle. “However, a male adult was also confirmed dead by the doctor at the hospital. “The Anambra State Sector Commander, Andrew Kumapayi (CC) has sent his condolences to the deceased family and wishes the injured accelerated recovery. “He also urged motorist to avoid overspeeding and overloading of their vehicles during the festive period while advising motorists that it’s necessary to concentrate while driving to avoid crashing.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided