The Zamfara State government has earmarked the sum of N100 million in its 2021 Budget proposal for the building and rehabilitation of cemeteries in the state. This was disclosed on Thursday during a town hall meeting organised by state Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning held at Kaura-Namoda town, the headquarters of the Zamfara North Senatorial area Speaking at the occasion, the Director of Budget in the ministry, Hamza Salihu, said the purpose of the meeting was to let the people know the projects to be executed in their areas. He disclosed that the sum of N100 million was earmarked in the budget for the building and rehabilitation of cemeteries across the state. “Details on the selected town and villages who would benefit from the construction and rehabilitation of cemeteries were available at the Ministry of Religious Affairs.” According to him, the town hall meeting would also enable the participants to suggest if they have other projects of their choice for lawmakers to insert it into the budget. “The opinion of the participants whould be forwarded to the state House of Assembly for changes and amendments to the budget,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… In 2021 Budget, Zamfara govt earmarks N100m to build, rehabilitate cemeteries Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… In 2021 Budget, Zamfara govt earmarks N100m to build, rehabilitate cemeteries SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided