WHILE individuals and businesses  still try to grapple with the ruinous effects of  COVID 19, a  pandemic that has shown little signs of abating, one of the sectors its advent seems to be taking its toll on, presently, is the global advertising sector. For instance, a recent report released by WARC, a global marketing intelligence service, revealed that the global ad spend may have suffered a  10.2 per cent decline, $63.4 billion, to $557.3 billion, when 2020 winds down. The report attributed  the decline to  sharp cuts in  investment  among the automotive, retail, travel and tourism  sectors, due to the lockdown, in most parts of the globe,  occasioned by COVID-19. More worrisome is the revelation that it might take the sector at least  two years to fully recover from the  loss suffered as a result of the sharp dip, even though it predicts  a 6.7 per cent  rise in 2021,  a figure that would only be sufficient to recoup 59 per cent of the 2020’s losses. According to the report, the advertising market would need to grow by 4.4 per cent to match 2019’s peak of $620 billion. “In absolute terms, this is worse than the last recession in 2009, when the ad market contracted by $61.3 billion (12.9 per cent). Further after accounting for inflation, the real ad market decline is double the rate of the great recession,” the report says. The report further revealed that ad investment is down by 4.3 per cent ($9.9 billion to $221.0 billion) this year, in North America, where 39.6 per cent of global ad spend is transacted. This, the report says, comprises a 7.8 per cent dip in Canada to ($11.1 billion), and a 4.1 per cent decline in the US ($9.0 billion) to $209.9 billion. While European ad spend goes down by 14.5 per cent  ($21.5 billion to $127.0 billion) this year, with France  leading key market decline at 16.7 per cent (down $2.7 billion to $13.4 billion),  ad spend, in Africa, is expected to fall by almost a quarter (23.3 per cent) to $5.0 billion, this year, with a mild rise of 2.1 per cent expected in 2021 as key markets start to recover from sustained recessions. Head of Data Content, WARC and author of the research described 2020 as the most hostile year for the advertising economy ever seen in his four decades of market monitoring. “While some platforms, such as e-commerce and social properties have emerged from this year, relatively unscathed, but the vast majority of the media landscape has witnessed a severe material impact. “An immediate bounce back is not on the horizon, while growth is expected in most corners of the industry next  year, this will be more reflective of a tumultuous 2020 than a sterling 2021,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided