An explosion reportedly caused by a petrol tanker which lost control in the ancient Jebba town, Moro local government, Kwara State, on Wednesday morning, has killed six persons and razed more than 30 houses. Tribune Online gathered that the tanker, travelling through the ancient town spilt its contents when it rammed into residential buildings. The incident which was confirmed by the state fire service resulted in huge explosions that reportedly burnt down residential buildings, shops and killed up to six persons. It was also gathered that the swift response of the men of the state fire service had brought the fire under control. Meanwhile, Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq has commiserated with the families of those who lost their lives and property in the fire incident, describing the development as devastating and sad. In a statement by the governor’s media aide, Rafiu Ajakaye, he said that the governor “is very sad at this development especially with the loss of lives and millions of naira worth of property and farmlands. He sends his heartfelt condolences to the affected families. “He urges them to take heart and remain calm as believers. He has also directed the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) to quickly move in to determine the material loss. “He also commends the Kwara State Fire Service and other responders for their efforts which helped to curtail the raging inferno and minimised the loss. Once again, he condoles with the victims and their families on this very sad incident, and prays to God Almighty to repose the souls of the deceased.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 5,178 New Infections Last Week Nigeria has officially entered a second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, according to the announcement made by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19. This is as confirmed cases in the country have increased astronomically weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… PHOTOS: Six die as tanker explodes, razes 30 buildings, vehicles in Kwara Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… PHOTOS: Six die as tanker explodes, razes 30 buildings, vehicles in Kwara SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided