KOGI state government has promised to give financial assistance to women and youths across the three senatorial districts of the state who are willing to embark on agricultural activities and small scale businesses. The state Commissioner of Commerce and Industry, Hon. Gabriel Olofu stated this at a one-day stakeholders Forum on promotion of Sustainable Income Generating Activities organised by Solidaridad West Africa in collaboration with Youth and Women Health Empowerment Project, (YAWHEP), Development and Female Gender Initiative, (DEGENDER), Intellect, and Participation Initiative For Behavioral Change in Development, (PIBCID) with funding from the Netherlands. The Commissioner noted that women and youths constitutes the majority population of any nation’s productive sector hence the need for their empowerment to boost the ailing economy and food security in the country. He maintained that assisting the youths to be self reliant is a great investment that worth it as it would go a long way in reducing youths restiveness bedevilling Nigeria at the moment. Olofu therefore called on the women and youths wishing to improve on their businesses to approach the Care Unit of the Kogi State Ministry of Commerce and Industry for necessary registration and documentation. The Commissioner noted that the state is blessed with abundant natural resources that could be tapped to reduce unemployment and provide empowerment means for citizens. In her paper titled: “Linkages establishment for value chain base/alternative funding access by women and youths” during the stakeholders forum, the Managing Director/CEO of Kogi Enterprise Development Agency, Rekiya Sanni stressed the need for government at all levels to continue to embark on sensitisation programmes on wealth creation. She also challenged governments to always embrace the process that would encourage women and youths in wealth creation for themselves. Earlier, the Executive Director of Participation Initiative For Behavioural Change in Development (PIBCID), Halimat Sadiq  had expressed the readiness of her organization not to relent in the crusade to tackle women and child abuse as well as promotion of gender equality in the society.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided