President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with family and friends of renowned business mogul and presidential aspirant of the then All People’s Party (APP), Chief Harry Akande, praying that God will comfort and strength them at such a difficult time. A statement issued in Abuja, on Monday, by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity), said the president joined international and local business partners of the deceased, management and staff of his companies, and all beneficiaries of his foundation in mourning the public spirited investor, who over the years registered his kindness in helping the deprived and underprivileged. It expressed the president’s belief that Chief Akande’s role in the nation’s development remains remarkable and commendable, particularly contributing to infrastructural development by ensuring extension of basic services to communities wherever he invested, and continually expanding his interests in construction, electricity and healthcare. The President prayed for the repose of his soul. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… Buhari mourns Harry Akande We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Buhari mourns Harry Akande [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided