Thas been said that the only way out of the current scarcity of maize in Nigeria is for the government to allow for temporary importation of maize. A major stakeholder in the Nigerian poultry value chain, Chairman, Folhope Nigeria Limited, Chief Emmanuel Ogunnaike (MFR), stated this while speaking with the Nigerian Tribune on Monday, after some farmers in the Oke-Ogun area of Oyo State raised the alarm over the continuation of maize scarcity next year. He noted that:”Do not let us even talk of next year. We have been feeling the pain for quite sometime. Unless the government allow for temporary importation of maize, things may get out of hand. Poultry farmers are taking to disposing off of their birds at a huge loss. “Very soon, many farmers would have been thrown out of business thereby sending their workers packing. This would amount to throwing more people into the unemployment market. Farmers would be experiencing severe debt. He further stated that:”To worsen the scarcity of food in the country are the militants and herdsmen terrorising and killing of farmers. On many occasions, farmers are forced to pay money before they can harvest their farm produce which have attracted huge debt due to numerous crises facing the farmers.” He, therefore, concluded that government should, as a matter of urgency, allow for temporary importation of maize into the country as this would bring so much relief to poultry farmers who have been battling for the survival of their businesses. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 5,178 New Infections Last Week Nigeria has officially entered a second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, according to the announcement made by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19. This is as confirmed cases in the country have increased astronomically weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided