The Police High Command on Thursday said that its operatives have arrested two members of a trans-national kidnap syndicate involved in the kidnap of an American Citizen, Philippe Nathan Walton in October this year at his farm in Masalata Village, Republic of Niger. The Force Public Relations (FPRO), Frank Mba, disclosed this while parading the two suspects before newsmen at the Force Headquarters in Abuja The suspects are Aliyu Abdullahi ‘m’ 21years a.k.a Mallam and Aliyu Umaru ‘m’ 23 years a.k.a Kwatte Kusu, both from Sokoto State, were arrested on 25th November this year following a top off. He explained that the two suspects – members of a 15-man kidnap gang of Nigerian/Nigerien extraction, led by Barte Dan Alhaji and Dan Buda – were arrested following a special intelligence-led operation aimed at arresting the criminal gang, disrupting and halting other criminal activities by them. According to him, “Investigations by the Intelligence Response Team revealed that the gang was plotting other abductions to avenge the death of their cohorts – four Nigeriens and two Nigerians who died during the rescue operations.” The FPRO disclosed the Force was collaborating with its Nigerien counterparts in the investigations to apprehend other members of the transnational syndicate currently at large. Both suspects confessed to the crime as Umaru said that they were part of the15 kidnappers who abducted Walton in Niger Republic He explained that as part of efforts at tackling transnational crimes, the Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed  Adamu was working in concert with other members of the West African Police Chiefs Organization (WAPCO) to deepen intelligence sharing amongst security agencies in the ECOWAS sub-region and strengthen security along the international borders of member states. The FPRO assured that the suspects would be arraigned in court on completion of the ongoing investigations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided