Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Ladoke Akintola University Chapter on Wednesday dissociated itself from a purported resumption calendar released by the institution’s registrar, Mr Kayode Ogunleye, maintaining that the union members are still on an indefinite strike until federal government meets her demands. In a release signed by LAUTECH ASUU Chairman, Dr Biodun Olaniran, the union stated that the academic staffs of the institution were solidly behind and involved in the ongoing nationwide ASUU strike and will not betray the struggle to get a better public varsity and welfare system for her members. He advised parents not to allow their wards waste scarce resources in coming to school which is yet to resume as the academic staffs are still on strike in compliance with the national struggle of ASUU. Olaniran further disclosed that the national leadership of the ASUU will announce to the public officially when the strike is suspended, saying that it is not the duty of the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige to do so. According to him, “our union is in receipt of 2019/2020 amended academic calendar released by the Vice-Chancellor through the office of the Registrar. The Academic Staff Union of Universities LAUTECH branch wishes to dissociate itself from the said memo.” “This is against the principles of our union and we wish to inform the general public that our branch is actively participating and also in full support of the ongoing national struggle. We, therefore, urge parents and students to note that our members are not in a position to conduct any academic activities including the conduct of examinations” Olaniran concluded. The memo from the office of the registrar reads “the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Michael Olufisayo Ologunde on behalf of Senate has executively approved the amended academic calendar for the 2019/2020 academic session as presented by the Committee of Provost and Deans.” The memo puts the resumption of 100level students for December 9, 2020, while Harmmatan Semester examination is expected to commence for 100 level students on Monday, December 14, 2020, and end on December 23, 2020. Furthermore, the memo stated that the Rain Semester for all students begins on January 4, 2021, and requested “that you keep safe and observe all the necessary COVID-19 protocols as laid down by the government and the University. On behalf of the Vice-Chancellor, Prof M.O Ologunde, I wish all staff and students a hitch and COVID-19 free academic session.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…LAUTECH ASUU dissociates self 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..LAUTECH ASUU dissociates self  LAUTECH ASUU dissociates self After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…LAUTECH ASUU dissociates self    LAUTECH ASUU dissociates self NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided