South Korea said on Tuesday that it had signed deals to provide Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines for 44 million people in 2021 but it would not hurry inoculation to allow more time to observe potential side effects. South Korea’s Health Minister Park Neung-hoo said the government had arranged to buy 20 million doses each from AstraZeneca Plc, Pfizer Inc, and Moderna Inc, and another four million doses from Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen, enough to cover up to 34 million people. The country’s cautious approach comes as the country battles surging coronavirus cases that health authorities say threatened to overwhelm the medical system, even as other countries are moving ahead to grant emergency use approval for the vaccines in a bid to contain virus transmission. Britain would start rolling out Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine on Tuesday, and the United States and India have also begun regulatory reviews on some vaccine candidates. Park said additional doses for 10 million people would be procured through the World Health Organisation’s global vaccine project, known as COVAX. He said in spite of the current surge in cases, South Korea’s relative success in tamping down previous waves meant the government did not need to rush a vaccine. “We don’t see the need to hurriedly begin vaccination without ensuring that the vaccines’ risks have been verified,” he said. Shipments of the vaccine would begin no later than March 2021, but authorities would observe how the vaccines worked in other countries for several months to ensure safety, while widespread vaccination was likely to begin in the second half of 2021. “We had initially planned to secure vaccines for 30 million people but decided to purchase more, as there is uncertainty over the success of the vaccine candidates and the competition is intense among countries for early purchases,” Park said. The government allocated an additional 1.3 trillion won ($1.2 billion) to the 2021 budget for the purchase of the vaccines. The first vaccines would likely go to medical workers, elderly and medically vulnerable people, and social workers. (Reuters/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided