Authorities of the Oyo State Security Network, codenamed Amotekun Corps have apprehended one of the suspected highway armed robbers who have been terrorising Ijawaya village along Ogbomoso-Oyo Road. The Commandant of Amotekun Corps in the state, Col. Olayinka Olayanju (retd), made this disclosure in a statement he issued on Sunday. He observed hat Ijawaya village had become unsafe, most especially to travellers as a result of the heinous activities of the suspected robbers, saying nemesis caught up with the suspect when the Amotekun Corps staged a joint patrol on Friday against those terrorising the area. According to Olayanju, security operatives apprehended one suspected robber, who in turn led security operatives to the robbers’ hideout. However, he did not give further details on the number of the suspects arrested, the items recovered from them, the location of their hideout and their identities. The statement read in part: “Ijawaya Village, on the Ogbomoso-Oyo Road, has been a dark spot since because travellers were always robbed there at night. “At the joint patrol of Amotekun Corps, Oyo Zone, yesternight, this man was apprehended with the help of the villagers, who led us to the robbers’ hide-out. He has been handed to the police.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided