Various stakeholders in the University of Ibadan community are to meet on Tuesday as part of measures to resolve the imbroglio that has stalled the process towards the emergence of a substantive Vice-Chancellor (VC) of the university. The meeting convened by the university’s acting Vice-Chancellor, Professor Babatunde Ekanola is expected to have in attendance members of the council, past Vice-Chancellors, members of Senate, religious leaders and internal applicants for the post of Vice-Chancellor among other stakeholders. It was gathered that the meeting is driven by Ekanola’s belief that the crisis in the appointment of Vice-Chancellor should be treated internally devoid of external influence. Upon assumption of office on December 1, Ekanola had asserted commitment to utilising his six months tenure to ensuring that a substantive Vice-Chancellor emerges devoid of rancour and in line with the acceptable process. Tuesday’s meeting is a continuation of a series of meetings called by Ekanola, since emergence as acting Vice-Chancellor, to mend fences. He had earlier met with members of the university community to include the Non-Academic Staff Union and Senior Staff Union of Nigerian Universities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… TRENDING: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… | UI VC | UI VC| UI VC SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided