Indonesian company set to produce vaccines said data from a late-stage trial in Indonesia indicates that a COVID-19 vaccine developed by China’s Sinovac Biotech has 97-per-cent efficacy. Iwan Setiawan, the spokesperson for Indonesia’s state-owned vaccine maker, Bio Farma, told a press conference on Tuesday that based on “preliminary data, one month into the trial, we can say that its efficacy is up to 97 per cent.’’ He cautioned, however, that an immune response produced by the vaccine did not necessarily translate to protection from COVID-19 adding that “we’ll find out in January.’’ According to Sinovac’s spokesperson in Beijing, the company has not yet obtained effective data on the vaccine. It was expected that trials in Brazil would generate such data, the Jiemian website reported. Bio Farma is expected to start producing the shots early 2021, pending the results of phase-3 clinical trials. Indonesia on Sunday already took delivery of 1.2 million doses of the Sinovac vaccine from China, which it wants to authorise for emergency use, depending on the results. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided