Inmates of correctional facilities Kirikiri, in Lagos, received various gift items from the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, which has become a yearly tradition for him as an outreach to the inmates and also to mark the yuletide season. A delegation of the church representing the notable cleric paid a visit to the prison, on Sunday, with food items, toiletries, medicine, musical instruments, and copies of the Bible. Items donated include 100 cartons of bath soap, 50 cartons of toothpaste, 20 dozens of slippers, 50 packs of Tissues, 250 boxers, 250 singlets, cooked food, raw rice, medicine, and musical instruments. The church said that they presented food and gift items to the inmates and emphasised the need for them to rededicate themselves to God and embrace a new life. According to the cleric, “In RCCG, such visit is usually part of our Christian Social Responsibility (CSR) and it is in line with the instruction Christ gave to the church on earth which is a continual phenomenon that should never end.” “We are delighted to reach out to the inmates physically and spiritually in order to give them hope and encouragement in life, which is to have Jesus Christ as their Saviour.” Receiving the items, the Deputy Controller of Corrections of the Maximum Security Custodial Centre, Kirikiri, Prince Mike Okorie, thanked the church for their kind gesture and promised to utilise the gift items judiciously for the effective running of the correctional facility. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided