In line with the World Health Organisation (WHO) consolidated guidelines on the use of Anti-Retroviral drugs from treating and preventing Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), in 2013, the Ogun State Government on Monday, launched self-test kits, which serves as an opportunity for an individual to carry out the test on their own. This development would further increase access to HIV diagnosis, as the state is the first among the comity of states on the federation to unveil the self-test kits. The kits were unveiled by the Wife of the Governor, Mrs Bamidele Abiodun in commemoration of the 2020 World AIDS Day with the theme: “United to End AIDS in the midst of Covid-19”, held at the NMA House, in Abeokuta, on Tuesday. Mrs Abiodun represented by the wife of the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Mrs Bolanle Oluomo, said it was imperative for everybody to embrace the HIV self-test kit so that they could derive maximum benefit from early antiretroviral treatment. “This HIV self-test kit is a unique formula which I feel everyone should embrace, without necessarily going to the hospital to know their HIV status.” Speaking at the occasion, the Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker described the HIV self-testing as a process whereby a person who wants to know his or her HIV status collects a specimen, performs a test, and interprets the test result in private. Coker noted that one HIV self-testing does not provide a definitive diagnosis, saying that it is a screening test for the presence of HIV-1/2 antibodies or HIV1 p24 antigen. She said Ogun State is the first in the country to launch the HIV self-test kit, pointing out that the likes of Malawi, South Africa, and Zimbabwe have done the same in Africa. According to her, “HIV self-testing shares many characteristics with current HIV testing and counselling approaches, including products, accuracy issues, linkage to care, potential benefits and risks and regulatory policies and frameworks.” Assuring that the present administration in Ogun State will not relent in pulling its weight towards fighting the scourge of HIV/AIDS, the Commissioner said the provision of Anti-retroviral drugs (ART) for people living with HIV in the State will not be taken with levity. Earlier, the Executive Secretary/Project Manager, Ogun State Agency for the Control of AIDS, Dr Kehinde Fatungase commended the apolitical approach of the Prince Dapo Abiodun-led government, noting that despite the Covid-19 pandemic, the government did not reduce its commitment to testing and counselling people living with HIV/AIDS. In his goodwill message, the Coordinator, Civil Society for HIV/AIDS in Nigeria (CISHAN), Ogun State Chapter, Mr Tayo Akinpelu said his organization was proud to identify with Ogun State, considering its giant strides in reducing the spread of HIV/AIDS within the four walls of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…World AIDS Day  World AIDS Day #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…World AIDS Day  World AIDS Day NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided