That children are the leaders of tomorrow is a core message passed across over the years but it seems that future is not for the child of the common man with this current dispensation, the saying is incongruent with reality. If at all the children of the common man has a future to lead tomorrow, today, the future is seized by the Federal government and ASUU. Considering the lackadaisical approach of our leaders when it comes to tertiary institutions, it is obvious they care little; this is because their children don’t attend public schools and tertiary institutions. Their children acquire quality knowledge from renowned teachers and professors so that when back home, they would be deemed fit for big governmental position political appointments. The incessant ASUU strike has prompted those from the middle class who cannot cope with the strike to seek alternatives by sending their children to Cotonou, Benin Republic, Uganda among others where within two years or less and one would graduate and be issued a certificate equivalent to that of Nigeria. Those who cannot afford are at the mercy of ASUU and the Federal Government. This is not the first time ASUU is embarking on strike to air its grievances to the Federal Government, in fact, it is the neither the second nor the third but this could be said to be one of the longest strikes embarked by the union. Students have been left to watch their future being suffocated at the hands of these two fighting elephants. Although one should not apportion blame only to the Federal government, it will take the lion share of it. The ASUU is also no saint due to its notoriety in strike. ASUU and the Federal government should make a compromise and stop playing games with students’ future. ASUU should know that its notoriety when it comes to strike is giving it a bad name in the eye of the world. Perhaps, ASUU should restrategise and adopt other means of airing their grievances if truly their struggle is for the improvement of public universities in Nigeria, because, more often students are at the receiving end of their recurrent strikes. Mahmud Yahaya, Bauchi. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided