Arrangements have been concluded by the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS) to collaborate with the China-Africa Business Council to establish Centre for China studies at the institute. Director-General of the institute, Professor Habu Galadima, who disclosed this at a press conference in Jos, said the collaboration became necessary as a result of the high level of interactions between the two countries, adding that the centre will provide an avenue for government officials and private sector to have knowledge of the language to deepen the level of interactions. According to him, it will also strengthen areas of corporation between Nigeria and China adding that it would be centre for excellence which would serve as an avenue for people in government to be well informed about the happenings between the two countries. On the graduation of Senior Executive Course SEC 42 slated for Saturday, the director-general said  78 of the participants are expected to graduate while the Vice President  Professor Yemi Osinbajo will be the special guest. Galadima explained that “every year, the government provides an area of focus that the institute will devote most of its time to conduct actionable research on. “For senior executive course 42, the study theme as provided by President Buhari is ‘Population Growth and Human Capital Development in Nigeria; Challenges and Opportunities.’” He said that the president charged the participants of the course, to research carefully and proffer policy options that would enable government fashion out appropriate responses to the challenges of rapid population growth and slow pace of human capital development. Professor Galadima further explained that the president also charged the participants to articulate evidence based and appropriate responses to the numerous challenges associated with gaps between population growth and human capital development in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided