THE  organisers of the annual Africa Finance Awards, have explained that the purpose of setting up the Awards, now in its ninth edition, was to encourage greater innovation and enhance effective marketing strategy. Speaking at this year’s edition of the Award, held in Lagos, recently, the Chairman of the Award Organising Committee, Mr. Camill Chineme, stated that the annual award was meant to  further enhance the nation’s marketing space. According  to him, it had become imperative to always celebrate and honour brands and business leaders that display uncommon professionalism and courage in the nation’s topsy-turvy business environments, as a way of encouraging them and others to do more. He added that  some of the criteria used in arriving at the choices of winners at this year’s edition included performance analysis, efficiency analysis, brand value composition, and brand and customer service excellence, among others. According to him, the panel of judges had looked at these criteria, based on internationally- acceptable methodology, to enable it rate and determine, the winners. About 19 awardees, comprising industry chiefs and notable brands, were rewarded for their business prowess in the past one year. One of the awardees, Lilvera Group, a consultancy firm, specializing in  integrated marketing communication,  emerged the 2020 Africa Finance Award for the ‘Most Customer Focused Experiential Marketing category. Receiving the award at the event, the Lilvera Nigeria’s Chief Ideas Officer, Buchi Johnson, described the feat as a testament to the extra efforts put in by the company, especially in a year, regarded as one of the most difficult in recent times. “We have been favored by winning the 2020 the most customer focused experiential company award. Don’t forget this has been the craziest year for business,” he stated. He added that the honour had placed a burden on the company’s shoulder to continuously deliver on its core mandates. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 5,178 New Infections Last Week Nigeria has officially entered a second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, according to the announcement made by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19. This is as confirmed cases in the country have increased astronomically weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided