Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has advised the Federal government against wasting N540 billion in its planned procurement of COVID-19 vaccines. He spoke while making a guest appearance on Channel Television’s breakfast programme, Sunrise Daily on Wednesday which was monitored by Tribune Online in Lokoja. Bello described the current efforts at procuring vaccines as unnecessary, noting that he was not on the same page with the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. He said: “These are all gimmicks, antics, and merchandising of foreign products. I am not on the same page with them. PTF should not go that route. All this brouhaha, we don’t deserve it. Buhari’s aides should advise him with the fear of God. Let the people be free.” Asked to share his thoughts on government’s response to the second wave of the coronavirus pandemic, Bello, who earlier asked to be excused from discussing the issue, later said he was not about to shift his position on COVID-19. “I am not about to shift my position. We have no COVID-19 in Kogi State. After one month of working with the Kogi Incidence Management Team, not one single person was confirmed positive. We refused to lockdown. Kogi is safer even though bordered by 10 states.” Nigeria had reported how Gov Bello turned down N1 billion set aside for Kogi State by the Federal government on the grounds that it would be immoral to do so having denied the existence of COVID-19 in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Gov Bello advises FG  Gov Bello advises FG 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Gov Bello advises FG  Gov Bello advises FG NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided