Five persons were confirmed dead while others sustained various degrees of injuries in a ghastly motor accident involving an 18-seater commercial bus and an articulated vehicle on the Benin-Ekpoma-Abuja highway. The accident, according to findings, occurred at about 11:30 am near Obagie community in Uhunmwonde Local Government Area of Edo State, on Thursday. The 18-seater bus, it was gathered, was heading towards Ekpoma and was trying to avoid a pothole when it suddenly had a head-on collision with an upcoming articulated truck laden with baskets of tomatoes. A passenger who was travelling in a Sienna bus car directly behind the commercial bus disclosed that their own vehicle narrowly escaped running into the wreckage. The eyewitness explained that following the crash, the bus fell on the driver’s side along the road. The Edo State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Benemesia, when contacted confirmed the incident. He said that a team of the Sector Command had been deployed to the scene for rescue operations, adding that the command would give an actual state of the death and survivors when the team returned from the accident scene. The FRSC boss, however, attributed the crash to over speeding and dangerous overtaking on the part of the driver of the commercial bus. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 5,178 New Infections Last Week Nigeria has officially entered a second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, according to the announcement made by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19. This is as confirmed cases in the country have increased astronomically weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. Five die in auto crash on Benin-Ekpoma-Abuja Road [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Five die in auto crash on Benin-Ekpoma-Abuja Road SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided