The Olu of Warri, His Majesty, Ogiame Ikenwoli, has passed on. He was the 20th Olu of Warri to have ascended the throne. This is coming barely 10 days after his fifth coronation anniversary held amid reasonable fanfare. A source close to the palace said the late Olu died at about 3:00a.m on Monday of a yet-to-be-ascertained cause. Details of his death is yet to filter into the air as an official announcement is still being expected as of the time of filing this report. The Olu was very lively and received homages from his subjects at the grand finale of his fifth coronation anniversary on December 11 at his palace field, without showing any sign of ailment. The late Olu ascended his fathers’ throne on December 12, 2015 after the demise of  HRM Ogiame Atuwtase II, the same year. Meanwhile, checks on Monday revealed that shops located around the palace at Ajamimorha were hurriedly shut when rumours of the Olu’s demise filtered in. The late 20th Olu of Warri was the second Itsekiri monarch to have spent only five years on the throne after the 13th Olu of Warri, HRM Akengboye. The late Olu of Warri, Ogiame Ikenwoli     Godfrey Emiko, who was 65, was married to Olori Mary Emiko and were blessed with three children. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided