Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has declared that election is not a do-or-die affair just as he has declared tomorrow, Friday the 18th as a work-free day to enable eligible voters travel to their respective areas to be able to exercise their franchise in the Saturday, December 19th Local Government election in the state. Inuwa Yahaya made the government’s position known in a statewide broadcast on Thursday to highlight his administration’s preparedness to conduct a free, fair and credible Local Government election in the state. Governor Yahaya described the election as the most important pillar of democracy and the strongest political mechanism through which people can select their leaders in an atmosphere of freedom and fairness, saying that “it is this demonstration of popular will that makes democracy a government of the people, by the people and for the people.” He stated that, “Our administration came to power through the historic elections of March 2019. Ever since, we have not relented in our determination to deliver democratic dividends to our people through the provision of people-oriented programmes and policies. Today, the evidence is clear for all to see as Gombe State is on the path of sustainable progress and an all-inclusive development trajectory.” ALSO READ: In 2021 Budget, Zamfara govt earmarks N100m to build, rehabilitate cemeteries The governor added that, “As part of the measures to ensure a peaceful and successful election, Government has declared Friday a work-free day in order to enable our people return to their various local government areas for the election. We are also putting restrictions on all non-essential movements on election day in order to ensure enhanced security and safety. These regulations are in our collective interest. I, therefore, call on people to abide by them and cooperate with election and security officials.” He also said that as the third tier of government and one that is closest to the grassroots, the local governments deserve the highest priority, therefore the decision on who governs them and how they should be governed is a matter of great priority. The governor expressed the hope that the upcoming election will usher in competent and trustworthy administrators who would help to manage the affairs of the local governments and the state as a whole. Governor Yahaya, however, urged various political parties and their agents to conduct themselves and play the game according to laid down rules and regulations, saying elections, like every other contest, must have winners and losers. He pleaded that, “It is not a do-or-die affair. At the end of the process, every side should respect and accept the will of the people and move on. On our part, we have provided the enabling environment for free and fair participation in the electoral process to all political parties, in line with laid down constitutional provisions. I am confident that the Gombe State Independent Electoral Commission will conduct the election with a remarkable degree of professionalism, fairness, equity and justice.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided