The visit of former Oyo State governor, Rashidi Ladoja to National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Bola Tinubu in Lagos has nothing to do about 2023 politics, Ladoja’s media aide, Lanre Latinwo has said. According to Latinwo, in a conversation with Tribune Online, Ladoja only visited Tinubu to console him over the losses suffered during the #EndSARS protests, especially in Lagos. He downplayed any politics-related discussion during the visit, asserting that Ladoja only went to greet his old friend while on the way to a burial in Lagos held last week. He also brushed aside some notions that Ladoja’s visit was anti-party, maintaining that the former Oyo governor was no more a politician and has not declared his membership of any party. “They did not discuss anything politics. He went to Lagos for burial and he thought it fit to say hi to his old friend. Recall that they were governor at the same time. “He also visited in view of the #EndSARS protest and the accompanying arson where his TVC and the Nation newspaper owned by Asiwaju Tinubu were torched. So, he only went to condole with him, and nothing else but that. “Senator Rashidi Ladoja has not told anybody that he is in any party. He has said that he is no more a politician,” Latinwo said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Why Ladoja visited Tinubu  Why Ladoja visited Tinubu 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Why Ladoja visited Tinubu  Why Ladoja visited Tinubu After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Why Ladoja visited Tinubu NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided