The House of Representative Committee on Maritime Safety, Education and Administration has commended the management of the Maritime Academy of Nigeria (MAN) for transforming the institution within three years that the Academy’s leadership was appointed, stating that the Committee will see to it that what is being achieved at the Academy is sustained. Addressing newsmen recently after inspecting most of the Academy’s state of the art classrooms, including the just purchased simulators, Chairman of the Committee, Lynda Ikpeazu explained that what is happening at the Academy is what happens when competence is considered over political considerations during appointment of heads of agencies. According to her, “We have been round the Academy, and I must confess that we are very impressed with what the rector and his management team has achieved within just three years. “What we have seen today is what is on par with international standards. We were here about this time last year, and coming here now, everything is completely different. We are thrilled with the transformation because one of the objectives of our Committee is to ensure that the Academy is on par with international standards. “The rector has been here for three years, and with what he has achieved, he has shown that he is competent. That is why we are going to support him to ensure that he continues with what he is doing. “We are very happy that the rector has keyed into our Committee’s vision of where we want MAN to be. We are also saying that in the appointment of heads of agencies in other parastatals, competence should always override political considerations. “With what is happening here, very soon we will be having exchange programmes with institutions from other countries, and foreign students will start coming here to study, thereby generating revenue for the nation.” In his presentation, the rector, Commodore Duja Effedua stated that all what was achieved stemmed from the ability of the management to block all revenue leakages that had drained the finances of the Academy in time past. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided