The kidnappers who abducted a man in Ekiti State on Christmas Day have contacted the family allegedly demanding N10 million as ransom. The victim identified as Happiness was abducted on Friday around 6 pm at a bad spot along Isan-Iludun-Ekiti, Oye local government area of Ekiti while travelling from Ado-Ekiti, the state capital alongside his cousin. While his cousin, Oluwaseun was promptly rescued by the personnel of the State Security Network Agency codenamed Amotekun corps, Happiness was dragged into the bush by the kidnappers. According to family sources who informed Nigerian Tribune, the abductors had earlier demanded N100 million on Saturday but later reduced it to N10 million on Sunday afternoon. The source said: “We got a call from the kidnappers asking us to pay N100 million for us to see our brother but we said we don’t have that amount and we are begging them. “We saw their call again on Sunday after a series of pleading and they reduced it now to N10 million, we are confused.” However, the corps commander of Amotekun in the state, Brig. Gen. Joe Komolafe said he was not aware of the ransom being demanded by the abductors, saying his men were still in the forest trailing the gunmen. He revealed that two suspects were arrested in the forest in connection with the crime, noting further that investigation would be carried out. Komolafe said: “Since Friday when the incident occurred, my personnel have been in the bush and I can tell you that we are making progress with the arrest of the two persons in the forest. “Let me say I am not aware of any ransom being asked by the gunmen but I can assure you that we will soon rescue the victim unhurt like we rescued his cousin.” He said Amotekun corps with police and other local hunters would collaborate to ensure the same return of the victim. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided