Lagos State, on Friday, following the rising wave of COVID-19 virus in the state and in line with public health directives, announced the ban of concerts, carnivals and street parties in the state until further notice, declaring that all night clubs in Lagos must immediately shut down. The state government, while ordering that all schools in the state must shut down with immediate effect, and until further notice, stressed that the midnight to 4am curfew imposed by the Federal Government still remained in place, just as it said all places of worship, including churches, mosques, etc, must ensure that no gathering exceeded two hours, and also that no gathering exceeded 50 per cent of the maximum capacity of the venue. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu rolled out these directives in a statement made available to newsmen, just as he announced that all public servants from GL 14 and below, except emergency workers and first responders, were to work from home as from Monday, December 21st for the next 14 days, in the first instance. The governor, who had been in isolation and receiving treatment for the virus, but now getting better, said in a statement entitled: “We cannot afford to relax the battle against COVID-19, urging that the responsibility lies with all Lagosians, “for the welfare and safety of all while we enjoy the festive season with friends and families.” According to Sanwo-Olu, the new measure are as follows: “All public servants from GL 14 and below, except emergency workers and first responders, are to work from home as from Monday, December 21st for the next  14 days– in the first instance. “All schools must shut down with immediate effect, and until further notice. Concerts, carnivals and street parties are banned in Lagos State until further notice.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided