Bolt, a leading ride-hailing platform has announced it is now in 21 cities across Nigeria. The expansion follows the recent diversification into 10 new cities along with the already existing 11. The move which is in line with Bolt’s vision of providing efficient and affordable rides to millions of Nigerians will now have riders in Akure, Aba, Asaba, Warri and Zaria onboard the platform. Other cities that have recently joined the train include Kaduna, Onitsha, Makurdi, Uyo and Ilorin. Speaking about the expansion, the Country Manager, Femi Akin- Laguna explained that the decision to expand into the 10 more cities underscores Bolt’s commitment to ensuring Bolt’s promise of safe, convenient and affordable is available for everyone, “These past years have seen us serve millions of Nigerians daily, providing for them a safer and more affordable option for commuting and we are very proud of the successes we have achieved with the assistance of the riders and drivers. Amongst other things, we have updated our App with more safety enabling features, put in place stricter measures with driver recruitment and expanded our customer relations team to ensure faster resolution of issues. We believe strongly that every Nigerian deserves to enjoy the Bolt experience and we are on a mission to make that happen’, he said. Since its introduction into the Nigerian market in 2016, Bolt has become notable for its service and more prominently, affordability. Bolt’s footprint in the cities of Lagos, Abuja, Owerri, Ibadan, Calabar, Benin, Jos, Kano, Port Harcourt, Enugu and Abeokuta have been described as laudable and an indication that the new cities will enjoy an equal level of excellence. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided