The Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) is to conduct a Computer-Based Aptitude Test for thousands of candidates who applied and shortlisted for recruitment into the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). Director, Press and Public Relations, Federal Ministry of Interior, Mr Mohammed Manga, in a statement, on Tuesday, in Abuja, said the Ministry decided to engage the services of JAMB in the screening test as part of the collaborative effort towards ensuring transparency, equity and justice in the recruitment process. He added that the collaboration was aimed at providing all eligible and qualified Nigerians who applied for various posts in the services under the Ministry’s watch to further give the teeming youths equal opportunity to be employed into the services. “This is also in line with the present administration’s policy thrust of ensuring transparency in the conduct of government business,” he said. Minister of Interior and Chairman, Civil Defence, Correctional, Fire and Immigration Services Board (CDCFIB), Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, had recently assured Nigerians that the Ministry would ensure transparency in the recruitment processes into the services. “To this end, the Ministry has concluded arrangements with the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board to conduct the aptitude test for eligible candidates into the Nigeria Immigration Service on December 7, 2020, while that of the NSCDC is expected to hold December 8, 2020, in the 36 States of the Federation and the federal capital territory. “The Ministry has also worked out modalities to enable qualified candidates to access the notification for the aptitude tests for CBAT from 6 pm on December 1, 2020, through their e-mail addresses and phone numbers,” Manga said in the statement. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… JAMB to conduct exams for NIS, NSCDC applications We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… JAMB to conduct exams for NIS, NSCDC applications SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided