ABIOLA Fashina, a medical laboratory scientist and staff at the University of Lagos Medical Centre,  has emerged  winner of the maiden edition of the ISN Medical Laboratory Scientist of the Year Award. Speaking at the award presentation event, in Lagos, recently,  the Executive Director of ISN Products Nigeria Limited, organisers of the award, Mr. Felix Ofungwu, explained that the award was part of the company’s efforts in promoting and rewarding excellence among medical laboratory scientists for their active role in the health sector. According to Ofungwu, the place of medical laboratory scientists in the health care sector could not have been more significant given their contribution to saving lives amidst the rampaging effect of COVID-19 in Nigeria. “For us at ISN, we believe that proper and adequate care is only as good as the accuracy of the diagnosis that the patient receives and the responsibility of that diagnosis is largely borne by the medical laboratory scientists,” he added. Speaking shortly after being declared winner of the maiden edition of the award, Fashina applauded the management of the company for its commitment to quality medical science practice. This, he added, the company had  demonstrated through the recognition given to practitioners via the initiative. He further charged other laboratory scientists to keep working hard and ensuring a quality standard of practice. As winner of the inaugural edition of the award, Fashina would receive a cash prize of N1 million, a capacity development training and a donation of medical lab equipment/reagents worth N1 million to the laboratory or hospital where he works. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided