17-year-old boy, Gabriel Odiniya, remanded in the centre and standing trial for alleged trespass, intimidation and attempt to commit theft has been released from correction centre by the Chief Judge of Kogi, Justice Henry Olusiyi. The Chief Judge released the juvenile inmate in Ankpa while on an inspection visit to Medium Security Custodial Centre in Ankpa as part of his state-wide visits to custodial centres. Olusiyi said there was no prima facie case against Odiniya aside the fact that he was a child who under extant laws, was certainly not supposed to be in the custodial centre in the first place. “I have listened carefully to the learned legal officer prosecuting this case and on the whole, I am satisfied that this is an appropriate case for me to exercise my discretion in favour of the defendant by letting off the hook completely in this matter. “I have also observed that he is suffering from skin rashes which if not controlled, may result in other inmates being infected. “In the light of all the foregoing, the defendant is hereby released as no useful purpose will be served by his continued detention in this Custodial Centre. “He shall be released forthwith to the acting Ochogwu of Ogugu, His royal Highness Emmanuel Salifu for proper handling etc,” he said. The Chief Judge also implored the Reverend Father Boniface Opaluwa, in charge of the Catholic Church in Emagaba-Ogugu, to take charge and provide spiritual guidance to the fatherless boy. Odiniya was allegedly framed by a woman who he had worked for and who dragged him to court over alleged theft of money and secured conviction but Odiniya was given an option of fine by the court. The woman according to Odiniya, had caused him to be arrested again boasting that she would make him spend five years in jail as he was subsequently arraigned before Chief Magistrate Court, Okpo, Olamaboro Local Government. Justice Olusiyi commended officials of the Correctional Centers for maintaining the facilities at the Centers despite their challenges and promised to bring the State government attention to some of the pressing needs of the Centers. Earlier, the officials in charge of Dekina and Ankpa Correctional Centers, Superintendents Omole Olumuyiwa and Onuh Umoru appealed for the provision of reformatory infrastructures and operational vehicles to convey inmates to Courts as well as the need to involved religious leaders in the reformation of prisoners. Highlights of the visit was a royal visit to the Eje of Dekina, Alhaji Usman Obaje and the inspection of facilities at the Centers by the Chief Judge and his team as well as financial assistance to the Correctional Centers meet their immediate needs Cov. Olusegun Oyenibi. Kogi/Lokoja. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Kogi CJ releases 17-year-old  Kogi CJ releases 17-year-old #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Kogi CJ releases 17-year-old  Kogi CJ releases 17-year-old NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided