The European Union (EU) signed the post-Brexit deal on Wednesday, setting it on the path to be provisionally implemented. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is scheduled to sign it for London in the afternoon. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and European Council chief Charles Michel put their ink on the agreement on Wednesday morning – just a week after the deal had been struck. The 27 EU ambassadors gave their go-ahead for the provisional application on Tuesday afternoon. The deal – which provides for zero tariffs and zero quotas between the trading partners – still needs to be ratified by the European Parliament. The European Commission proposed a period of provisional application until February 28, but this might be extended if the lawmakers are scheduled to give their approval in March. Also on Wednesday, the British parliament will vote on whether to accept the deal. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why Sanusi Was My Choice As Emir Of Kano ― Kwankwaso Former governor of Kano State, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, has defended his choice of former Governor of Central Bank, Muhammad Sanusi II, as the Emir of Kano.Incumbent Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, at a… Apple Goes Into Car Production Tech giant, Apple, makers of iPhone, MacBook, and other high-end gadgets has decided to expand its business by going into the production of self-driving cars with high-performance batteries by 2024… Kano Youth, 23 Years, Marries 46-Year-Old American Mother A Kano youth, Suleiman Isah Isah, 23 years, of Panshekara in Kano metropolis has married his heartthrob, Janine Sanchezt, a 46-year-old American mother… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… EU chiefs sign post-Brexit trade deal, Johnson to sign for Britain Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided