BELGIUM-based record label, Stack Town, has entered into the Nigerian entertainment turf with the unveiling of young talented act, Akim Dusu Yusuf, popularly known as Bizakeem, as the official act of the label. Speaking on behalf of the Chief Executive Officer of the company, Oloriegbe Emmanuel a.k.a Ray Blaze, who is presently out of the country, the company’s talent manager and artist repertoire, Adepoju Kayode popularly known as Promomaster, said:”Our mission is to establish young up and coming artist while we will also affiliate and collaborate with other established artists and labels. “It is our vision to build brands from the scratch (raw talent) and make them into icons just like we are already doing with Sierra Leone artist, Covy tee who is based in Belgium. “It is to my delight to see us finally branched in the motherland Nigeria and to kickoff, we already have a young and extreme talent on board by the name of Bizakeem. He is a 24-yr old afro pop singer, he has an EP trending online currently and he is ready to storm the music industry with a new wave sound under his new management, Stack Town records. “Our mission is to establish young up and coming artist while we wouldalso affiliate and collaborate with other established artists and labels. At Stack Town, “we makes talent to an icon”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided