Clerics and viewers that participated in the just concluded 15th edition of the globally acclaimed largest gospel concert, The Experience, have commended the convener, Pastor Paul Adefarasin of the House on the Rock Church, Lagos, just as the event has been described as transforming the entire world into a uniform stage of electrifying worship, praise and prayers unto God. The event tagged TE15 Global, which hosted various religions, beliefs, tribes, races and continents at absolutely no cost was held exclusively online this year due to the COVID-19 restrictions and precautionary measures put in place. Notable clerics across the world, including the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby; Bishop of the Potter’s House, Bishop TD Jakes; Lead Pastor of Lakewood Church, Joel Osteen; renowned Ghanaian theologian, Dr. Mensa Otabil; Pastor at Jesus House, UK, Agwu Irukwu; famous American fitness evangelist, Angela Davis and Presiding Bishop of The Redeemed Evangelical Mission (TREM), Dr. Mike Okonkwo, participated in this year’s concert. Bishop T.D. Jakes noted that praise is a weapon and the greatest way to respond to spiritual warfare, just as he commended the convener on his commitment in strengthening and uniting the body of Christ through the famous gospel concert. He also admonished the viewers around the world to always give thanks to God in every situation they find themselves, adding that “there is no kind of praise as the praise that erupts from the lips of those in adversity.” Bishop Mike Okonkwo addressed worshippers around the globe, encouraging them to remain steadfast in their faith and in the promises of God. Renowned author and speaker, Pastor Cindy Jacobs led the whole audience in praying for the entire world against the coronavirus pandemic and for everyone who was experiencing a form of illness. Notable and anointed ministers like Nathaniel Bassey, Sidney Mohede, Nokwe the Poet, Maverick City, Hillsong United, and a host of others led the people in more wholesome sessions of worship to God. Pastor Adefarasin, while admonishing the viewers, prayed for a global move of God which will unite the church and cause it to rise to become a mighty force, adding that, “the major evidence of the outpouring of the Spirit is to raise visionary people.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided