Ondo State governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has said Nigeria’s political architecture must be redefined to promote healthy competition and give all federating states a sense of belonging. Akeredolu made the declaration on Tuesday night at the opening ceremony of the Conference of the Association of Community Pharmacists of Nigeria (ACPN) held at the International Conference Centre Abuja. Apparently adding his voice to the agitation for restructuring of the country, Akeredolu, who incidentally is the Chairman of the South West Governors Forum, submitted that there was an urgent need for an appraisal of the fundamental issues which define nations. He expressed reservations over the present mono-cultural status of the Nigerian economy. While noting that the economy must be diversified, he further argued that states must be allowed to assume some measure of autonomy to actualise their individual potential. He said: “There is no doubt that the country experiences serious socioeconomic challenges in virtually every part. While a sizeable chunk of these problems is attributable to the global crises, there are others which call our attention, urgently, to an appraisal of the fundamental issues which define nations. “It is unprofitable to resort to a facile description of the current upheavals in Nigeria without looking at the factors which militate seriously against our quest for nationhood. We must analyse these issues with a view to determining the workability of the current structure. We must seek solutions to the endemic problems bedevilling the country.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided