Abia State chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday said the suspension of Chief of Staff (CoS) to Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, A. C. B. Agbazuere was not enough, adding that the action that led to the suspension demanded that he should be sacked immediately. Publicity Secretary/Coordinator APC Publicity Secretaries, Forum of Niger Delta States, Comrade Bernard Godson, made this demand in a statement made available to newsmen. Godson, while calling for the sack of the CoS to Governor Ikpeazu, described the conduct as a huge slap on the faces of Abia health workers and other government workers that were being owed backlogs of salaries. “We’ve been complaining about the irrationality of the officials of this PDP led administration, but people don’t understand. What our people saw on the video is just a tip of the iceberg to their squandermania nature. “What the Chief of Staff to Governor Okezie Ikpeazu did was a huge slap on the faces of Abia health workers and other government workers that are being owed backlogs of salaries. He should be sacked with his sack letter made public,” he said. “The Chief of Staff has money to throw around while our roads are now death traps. We’re calling for two things today; that  Governor Okezie Ikpeazu should sack his Chief of Staff and let the government render an unreserved apology to Abia people,” he said. He, however,  excused Prophet Odumeje, claiming that the cleric would not have been happy to see such money thrown at him if he was aware of what Abia workers were passing through in the hands of the state government. “Governor Ikpeazu’s Chief of Staff just decided to spend money that’s not his which is not right,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided