The Edo State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Johnson Kokumo on Saturday announced that the command had uncovered plans by some suspected armed robbery to attack banks, commercial ventures and shops in the state. The Commissioner of Police warned that the men and officers of the command had the capacity to deal with anyone or group who might plan to cause mayhem before, during and after the yuletide. Kokumo added that intelligence gathered suggested that these bandits had procured sophisticated weapons to carry out their nefarious activities and unleash terror on the state. “We have uncovered plans by bandits to attack banks and throw the state into panic. But I can assure that adequate security had been put in place to towards a hitch-free Christmas and New year celebrations,” the CP assured. According to him, “already, Armoured Personnel Carry and other equipment have been put in place to combat any security breach in the state.” While lamenting that the release of 2000 prisoners by hoodlums who hijacked the #ENDSARS protest had compounded the security challenges in the state, he urged the citizens to work with the police by reporting suspicious character to the command. Tribune Online noticed that Armoured Personnel Carriers have been placed In strategic locations within the Benin metropolis, while the joint security are on stop and search duties in the city with top police brass leading the teams. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Police uncover plans  Police uncover plans 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Police uncover plans  Police uncover plans NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided