The Senior Pastor, Citadel Global Community Church, Pastor Tunde Bakare, has urged all Christians to endeavour to fulfill their divine mandate. Bakare, who was represented by Elder Olabode Adekanye, gave this charge during the 10th year anniversary of the C&S Unification Church held recently in Lagos. Pastor Bakare said that one only seeks to bring good news to everyone one come across having at heart the divine mandate. He added that there is an opportunity to wipe out sins having achieved the fulfillment of divine mandate. While fulfilling the divine mandate, the Senior Pastor said that there are three pertinent questions to be asked in the fulfillment of one’s divine mandate-what has God called me for? How does my calling fit into the overall plan of God’s purpose? and what are the means by which it can be accomplished? He explained that the gift of life is an enviable gift and one must fulfill one’s mandate because it has been bought at a price, adding that it is a life assignment. Pastor Tunde further explained that there is need to turn to God if divine mandate is to be fulfilled. He concluded saying “Never forget that the owner of the harvest will come for is harvest one day but I am praying that you won’t come to earth in vanity,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided