The United Nations International Children Education Fund, UNICEF, on Friday said no child should be held captive in Nigeria by any attacker. UNICEF Nigerian representative,  Peter Hawkins, while congratulating the family of the released students of Government Boys Science Secondary School in the Kankara, Katsina State, said “Attacks on educational facilities are a grave violation of children’s rights”. According to him, “I am relieved to hear that about 344 children are reported to have been released last night and we look forward to their safe returns to their families. If any are still being held, we call on the attackers to release all children immediately. Any other children still being held captive in Nigeria should also be released. For one week, parents were awake at night, crying and awaiting the return of their sons. My thoughts and solidarity are with these children, their families and the Kankara community – who have endured an unimaginable ordeal this past week. ALSO READ: ‘You’re my passion’, Banky W eulogizes wife Last Friday’s attack, directly targeting children in the middle of the night, in a place where they should feel safe, was an outrage.” Hawkins added that “Schools should be safe. Children should never be the target of attack – and yet, far too often in Nigeria, they are precisely that – victims of attacks on their schools. Attacks on educational facilities are a grave violation of children’s rights. This incident is a disturbing reminder of the heavy toll that violence takes on civilians in north-west Nigeria, including children. Such attacks deprive children of the right to an education. They make children fearful of going to the classroom, and parents afraid to send their children to school. Schools must be safe places to study and develop, and learning cannot become a perilous endeavor.” He, however, charged the government that “Interventions must be put in place to ensure that schools are safe, and that all Nigerian children can learn without fear. These interventions should take into account the important role that communities can play in ensuring the safety of schools, including through support for school-based management committees (SBMCs). No cause justifies attacks against children and schools. Such cruel disregard for humanity must come to an end.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided