Apostle Emmanuel Ego Bako and wife, Cindy have regained their freedom about forty-eight hours after he was abducted by gunmen from their residence in Kafanchan, Jema’a Local Government Area of Kaduna State. This was contained in a statement on the security update issued by the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan on Sunday. According to him, the security agencies informed the government that the clergyman and his wife have regained their freedom on Sunday afternoon. “The Kaduna State government has been informed by the security agencies of the release of Apostle Emmanuel Ego Bako and his wife, Mrs Cindy Bako on Sunday afternoon by their abductors. “The cleric and his wife were kidnapped on Friday evening at Albarka praying camp along the Afana-Fadan Kagoma-Kwoi road in Jema’a local government. “The Secretary of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) in Kaduna State, Rev Tony Inwulale has also confirmed the development to the government. “Governor Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has expressed his relief and happiness over the development and offered his best wishes to the cleric and his wife.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided