Katsina-Alla, headquarters of Sankera axis where the late terrorist leader, Terwase Akwaza, also known as Gana, reigned was, on Thursday, thrown into pandemonium with the killing of three policemen and two others by gunmen. The unknown gunmen were said to have invaded the residence of Katsina-Alla local government chairman, Alfred Atera where they killed three policemen and two other people. Though, the axis had before the latest incidence witnessed relative peace since the military killed Gana. But the invasion of gunmen around 11:30 am on Thursday has thrown the town into pandemonium A native of the town who did not want to be mentioned said that the gunmen have gone to the residence of the local government chairman when many people have gathered there to receive Christmas gifts. “It was around 11:30 am that gunmen stormed the house where many people have gathered for Christmas largesse at the time they left, three policemen and two others were killed. Confirming the attack, the Information Officer of the local government, Tertsea Benga, said three policemen and two civilians were killed in his boss residence. Speaking to our correspondent on the telephone, Benga said: “People were trooping into the chairman’s residence for Christmas largesse when suddenly some gunmen struck, they killed three policemen and two other civilian -one of them, a gateman at the house. Benga, however, confirmed that the incident happened between 11:00 am and 12:00 pm on Thursday. As at the time of filing this report, the State Command spokesperson, DSP Catherine Anene could not confirm the incident as a message sent to her phone number has not been responded to. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 5,178 New Infections Last Week Nigeria has officially entered a second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, according to the announcement made by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19. This is as confirmed cases in the country have increased astronomically weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided