The Nigerian Army has cancelled the remaining activities in the ongoing Chief of Army Staff’s Annual Conference in Abuja following the testing positive for COVID-19 by a senior officer attending the conference. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the acting Director of Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Sagir Musa According to the statement, “due to resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, in what appears to be a second wave of infection cycle and the unfortunate incident on Tuesday, 8 December 2020, where an officer participating in the ongoing Chief of Army Staff’s Annual Conference 2020 in Abuja tested positive to COVID-19, the remaining activities of the conference have therefore been immediately cancelled “All the participants have been mandated to immediately proceed on self isolation in line with the Federal Government’s protocol for COVID 19 and to prevent any further spread of the disease.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided