DETERMINED to safeguard the health of its people  and fully sanitise all Poultry markets in the State, Ogun State Ministry of Agriculture through its Veterinary Services Department has trained Live Birds Market (LBM)  Operators as well as Poultry Value Chain actors on the promotion of Biosecurity and Disease Reporting. Flagging off the training themed “Promoting Biosecurity, Disease Reporting In The Value Chain” at the Veterinary Services Department Ita-Eko, Commissioner for Agriculture, Dr. Adeola Odedina noted that the training became imperative in order to ensure that bird marketers carry out their trade in the most healthy manner, adding that as a border State, there was the need for stakeholders to guide against dumping of unhieginic animal. “I want to assure you that the government will continue to do the needful in ensuring that Diseases animals especially those that have the potential to infect humans are nip in the bud. And because we share boundaries with neighbouring West African countries, it is important that we carry stakeholders along in this renewed drive. “Our regular engagement with Live Bird Market disinfection and decontamination activities especially during festive periods has helped in no small major in checking the spread of Avian Influenza which has become a standard for effective control and eradication of the disease as recognised by the Food and Agricultural Organisation”, Odedina said. He added that the Ministry was committed to working with the Poultry sector operators to promote effective standards of Biosecurity, create a network for Disease Reporting and Surveillance to further build healthy poultry population as well as ensure profitability in poultry value chain. Odedina disclosed that the state engage stakeholders through an all- inclusive Agricultural opportunity with a new focus to benefit all, “we have a new focus on Poultry in Ogun State. There is the Anchor Borrowers Programme for graduate and unemployed youths, Noiler programme for small holder farmers where we will support farmers with 50 birds and with inputs and the Mother hen project”. In his lecture tittled: “Biosecurity Guidelines for Live Bird Marketers”, Deputy Director, Veterinary Services Department, Dr. Tade Olanrewaju enlightened the trainees that birds markets should be at least, 200 metres away from residential areas, advising them to ensure cleanliness and regular  disinfection of the market as well as cages. He enjoined them to see that their markets are of strong Biosecurity standards to be certified by Veterinary Doctors or Public Health Operators. He counselled them to understand the value chains related to their markets saying restrictions must be placed on entry of poultry where diseases like zoonotic influenza viruses are on rampage, warning that dead birds must be properly disposed. In their remarks,the duo of Ejide Balogun and Olaonipekun Ayodele appreciated the Government for the training saying, it has further exposed them to see themselves as Agricultural stakeholders, pledging to advice their members to imbibe hygienic poultry practice.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President it is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided