US-based rapper and hip-hop artist, Arnold John Nobe, better known as AJ200, is getting ready to release his first collective body of work next year. AJ posted the news earlier today in a video on his Instagram story. A description beneath the video read “Welcome to the untitled EP” coming soon. Arnold who has had a busy year amid the pandemic with several releases under his belt. In July he released his single Afterparty ft Kosta C, which he followed up with ONE TIME ft Lil Yase & Thatboydayday and SWERVIN ft Kosta C on August 29th and 31st respectively. AJ who is planning to drop a new single “1942” in a couple of weeks, says He is also planning a virtual listening party and performance to give his fans a taste of the forthcoming 5 track EP. The extended play album which is still untitled will be his first-ever EP and is designed to give fans the chance to enjoy his music non stop without pause for 20/25mins. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… Arnold AJ200 Nobe set to release a new single, new EP SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided