Maritime and corporate communication expert, Bolaji Akinola, has bagged a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in Media and Communication from the Pan-Atlantic University, Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos. Dr. Bolaji Akinola is the CEO of Ships & Ports Limited. He also consults for leading maritime companies within and outside Nigeria in addition to being Co-founder/Director of the Maritime Microfinance Bank Limited, Apapa. The PhD degree was conferred on Akinola by the PAU Pro-Chancellor/Chairman of Governing Council, Mr. Henry Odein Ajumogobia, SAN, OFR and the Vice Chancellor of the University, Prof. Juan Elegido. “My commitment is to lifelong learning. Every day, we commit to learning, growing and developing ourselves so we can add value to our industry, country and the world. “Expanding our knowledge comes down to diving deeper into our areas of expertise. One commits to learning more and more about one’s industry, and commits to sharpening timeless, applicable skills that help us move forward daily in life,” Akinola said. Akinola’s PhD thesis titled Millennials, Digital Natives and the Future of Print Newspapers, was successfully defended before an online panel on October 29, 2020. The thesis was supervised by Dr. Ikechukwu Obiaya. The examining panel was made up of Dr. Mike Okolo as Chairman, Prof. Akashoru, the external examiner; as well as Dr. Nelson Okorie and Dr. Kingsley Ukaoha, the internal examiners from the School of Media and Communication. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided