President Muhammadu Buhari has described late Nigeria’s Out-going Ambassador to the United States, Justice Sylvanus Adiewere Nsofor as “an outstanding judge of rare courage and truth who is not afraid to give justice to whom justice is due.” While mourning the late Justice, the president expressed heartfelt commiserations with the family, friends and associates over his demise. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Friday informed that Buhari eulogized Nsofor in a telephone call to Jane, the widow of the retired justice in New York on Friday. The statement said apparently referring to the 2003 presidential election during which Justice Nsofor delivered a minority judgment as a member of the Election Appeal Panel in favour of Gen. Buhari as a candidate of the All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP), the President said the country will miss people with such exemplary pedigree. Buhari, who has directed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to work with Justice Nsofor’s family on the burial arrangements, prayed God to comfort all who mourn the departed jurist and grant his soul eternal rest. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Late Ambassador Nsofor  Late Ambassador Nsofor 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Late Ambassador Nsofor  Late Ambassador Nsofor NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided