The Lagos State House of Assembly has confirmed Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s nominees for the state’s Local Government Service Commission. The nominees were confirmed through a voice vote coordinated by the Speaker. Those confirmed by the assembly include the Chairman of the Commission, Hon. Kamal Abiodun Baiyewu, Engr. Abiodun Abimbola Orekoya, Mr Ahmed Seriki, Hon. Taofeek Adaranijo and the Vice Chairman of the APC in the state, Hon. Hakeem Bamgbala. Commenting during the confirmation, Speaker of the House, Rt. Hon. Mudashiru Obasa urged the nominees to take a cue from the way they were commended by the lawmakers, who ought to ask them questions. “All of you have served at the local government level, I want you to look at your relationship with the house then. “I want you to use the opportunity of your appointment to have good relationships with all government agencies. “You need to have good relationships with the people. I want to commend the governor for choosing right and for giving us people that have served with the local governments in the past. “You should ensure that we have a good Local Government Service Commission and good local governments in the state. We will surely call you back again on how you have performed in the office,” he said. Meanwhile, a bill for a law to establish the Lagos State Lottery And Gaming Authority To Harmonise All Laws Relating to Gaming Activities And to Regulate All Gaming Activities in the state was read for the third time and passed into law through a voice vote by the house. An Adhoc Committee was later set-up to organise a public hearing on land-grabbing in the state. The committee is to report back to the house in three weeks. Chairman of the Committee is the Majority Leader of the House, Hon! Sanai Agunbiade (Ikorodu 1). Members of the Committee are the Deputy Majority Leader, Hon. Noheem Adams (Eti-Osa 1), Hon. Mosunmola Sangodara (Surulere 2), and Hon. Abiodun Tobun (Epe 1), Others are Hon. Rasheed Makinde (Ifako-Ijaye 1), Hon. Nurudeen Akinsanya (Mushin 1), Hon. Victor Akande (Ojo1) and Hon. Adedamola Kasunmu (Ikeja 1). House later adjourned sitting to Tuesday, December 8, at 12 noon. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided