A lightning strike at an Australian school landed 13 students and two teachers in hospital on Tuesday, with the victims experiencing mild tingling symptoms. The students, aged between 10 and 12 years, were playing on an open sports field when lightning struck nearby shortly after 1:30 pm local time. Some of the students were reportedly playing with water in celebration of their last day of school. Queensland Ambulance Service (QAS) initially responded with a team of five paramedics to Clinton State School in central Queensland State. All 15 patients were transported to a nearby hospital in a stable condition with mild physical complaints, a QAS spokesperson told Xinhua. “The kids were pretty wound up after the incident. “The main complaints were anxiety, but also tingling to the lower limbs,’’ QAS Regional-acting senior operations supervisor Greg Christensen said. “The initial scene was a little bit chaotic, the children were obviously very distraught at what had just happened, but it calmed very quickly once we had assured them that everything was ok.,’ he added. School Principal Leanne Ibell said in a statement that teachers were in the process of moving students away from the area when the strike occurred. She added that there was no rain on the oval at the time and that other students were returned to their classrooms as a precaution. (Xinhua/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided