As part of their goal to solve the continent’s largest issues, The Future Project is set to launch the Freedom of Information (FOI) project, a campaign aimed at encouraging accountability and transparency in government. The novel project sheds light on the Freedom of Information Act (FOI Act) 2011, legislation that gives Nigerians the right to request information in any written or verbal form, which is in the custody or possession of any public official, agency or institution. This campaign will sensitise the public by creating awareness about the FOI Act, the process of making a request & its importance as an accountability tool. Speaking on this new development, Senior Advisor, The Future Project, Bukonla Adebakin, said, “We are excited about the launch and the impact that the FOI project will have on the Nigerian population. To foster accountability, it is essential that Nigerians have access to information from public institutions.” “We expect a continued growing culture & interest in how governance works from the younger generation. We hope to help sustain this culture of accountability with this project. The more people file FOI requests and publish the information they get, the better informed we are as a society,” she continued. The project will be flagged off with the launch of a dedicated website, where users can access learning resources on how to engage with the campaign and learn the process of making a request. A complementary short animated video will be created to amplify the campaign, which will usher in a nationwide activation with the distribution of a “step-by-step” request guide in all states of the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided