Land surveyors in both public and private sectors have been urged to settle their differences in order to drive inputs for the success of the profession. Speaking during the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Lagos Branch of the Nigerian Institution of Surveying, former Deputy Vice Chancellor, University of Lagos, Emeritus Professor Francis A. Fajemirokun, warned that division between practitioners of the profession must stop, urging them to see one another as partners in progress. If not for the internal wrangling, he said there was no reason they could not have a revised law passed by National Assembly to take care of the shortcomings of the existing law. In his paper on The Surveying Profession in Nigeria: Past, Present and Future, Fajemirokun stated that lack of unity has negatively affected the profession, hence the need to unite now. He noted that a major cog in the wheel of progress within the profession was the recurring face-off between government and non-government surveyors, and between NIS and Surveyors Registration Council of Nigeria (SURCON). Without a change of attitude, he said the problems would become a recurring decimal, proposing the need for a concerted effort to reconcile all sections of the profession. “This will start with finding out the truth as to what wrong has been committed, the admission of guilt, and then full reconciliation,” he said. The Chairman of Lagos branch’s NIS, Adesina Adeleke, seized the opportunity to intimate members of his achievements of his administration in the last one year and plans for the New Year. Since the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, he said the chapter had taken several measures to mitigate its impact on the general public and surveyors to ensure business continuity. According to him, the chapter donated a new Peugeot ambulance bus for the Lagos State government during the period. According to the guest lecturer, NIS to which all of surveyors belonged would need to take a leading role in this effort. Meanwhile, Fajemirokun said a good relationship must exist between NIS and SURCON before there could be meaningful progress in the profession, noting that lack of such relationship had sent the profession back. According to him, more painstaking efforts should be made by all parties and stakeholders to find a solution outside the interference of the courts of law. This, he said must be the norm, in future. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided