INVESTORS in the Nigerian stock market are gearing up for the implementation of the increase in the stamp duty from Monday, December 8, 2020. It will be recalled that the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), last month, had said any buy and sell order on the  will attract a stamp duty of 0.08 per cent. Previously, 0.075 per cent is charged for the sale or purchase of securities on the exchange, including equities, exchange-traded fund (ETF), amongst others. The NSE, in a statement on Thursday, said stockbrokers have also been issued the requisite guidance to put in place the necessary measures to ensure compliance and communicate this change to investors in a timely manner. The exchange explained that this new development was necessitated by the classification of contract notes as an ad valorem tax by the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS). “As a responsive self-regulatory organisation, the exchange is committed to enforcing rules and ensuring compliance with regulations and other applicable government requirements. “While it had maintained a stamp duty rate of 0.075 per cent in line with what was obtainable in the Nigerian capital market, it is imperative that the FIRS’ stamp duty regime of 0.08 per cent on securities transactions is applied,” it emphasised. Capital market stakeholders requiring further information can refer to the market circular issued by the exchange on November 17, 2020, captioned Administration of Stamp Duty on Securities Transactions, which can be accessed on the exchange’s website at http://www.nse.com.ng. “Investors are also advised to contact their respective stockbrokers for more information or clarification,” the statement further said. In preparation, the Central Securities Clearing System Plc (CSCS) had taken steps to adjust its system to implement the automated deduction of the stamp duty rate of 0.08 per cent from next Monday.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided