MR l Tajudeen Shobayo, a Director on the Board of Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc (NAHCO), has acquired 1,065,700 additional shares of the company, worth N2.45 million. According to the notification issued on December 17, by the company’s Secretary, Mr Bello Abdullahi, and submitted to the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), the Director purchased the shares at a price of N2.30 on December 8, during trading hours on the floor of the local bourse. This disclosure is in compliance with the exchange policy on insider dealing to ensure transparency and reinforce the trust of the investing public. The purchase of the shares of NAHCO sets Mr. Shobayo in the position of Directors of the company with substantial holdings. In line with the information contained in the financial statements of NAHCO Plc, as of September 30, 2020, Mr. Shobayo had a direct shareholding of 72,576 ordinary shares. Hence, with the 1,065,700 additional units acquired, his total shareholding now stands at 1,138,276 shares, which is worth N2.5 million at the current share price of N2.20. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided