A total of 10 written petitions have been received by the Bauchi State Panel of Inquiry into police brutality which will be heard during its public sitting. The disclosure was made by the Chairman of the panel, Justice Habibu Idris Shall, during the inaugural sitting of the panel held inside High Court number 2, Bauchi on Wednesday. Justice Shall added that the panel would also listen to oral presentations as some of the victims have agreed to make oral statements as well as present prove of the happenings in order to assist the panel in the process. He further assured that every petitioner will be given adequate time and protection in the course of presenting his/her petition because according to him, no one will be treated unfairly. The chairman also disclosed that some group of lawyers have indicated readiness to represent petitioners free of charge, commending the determination to do so a development he said will facilitate the process of the panel. He urged the lawyers to show decorum and behave in accordance with the legal practice ethics while appearing before the panel stressing that unnecessary adjournment that may cause delays will not be granted by the panel. To the media, the Panel Chairman said that he is expecting not less than fair and objective reportage of the sittings appealing that sensationalism of the events at the panel should be avoided. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided