Using dumpsites to dispose waste is archaic. The dumpsite, in itself, has a way of causing environmental pollution, polluting ground water and leachate infiltration. Such sites can be used to develop prime estates. An engineer and waste management expert, Olabode Akindeji-Oladeji, said this while expressing reservation on the use of dumpsites to dispose refuse. Akindeji-Oladeji, who is the chairman/CEO of FIAT International Limited, stated this while speaking at the boot-camp organised by GIS Konsult in Ibadan. He said: “The issue of using dumpsites to dispose waste is archaic. The dumpsite, in itself, has a way of causing environmental pollution; ground water and leachate infiltration and others harm the community and environment.  Needless to say, are the emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG), chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), and hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) to name a few – this occurs from different burnings that goes on at such places. “What we are supposed to be looking at is to step away from running dumpsites, but create conversion centres where waste can be converted to useful products and/or recycled.” He said that “these prime real estates called dumpsites can be saved and used as processing plants where products that can help the community will be produced.  For instance, organic fertilizer is something that is very important to the agricultural sector.  Farming is an issue that we need to push as much as possible.  In which respect, the arrangement will make sure that farmers have access to organic fertilizer which will help them with their harvest. “A product which is fundamental to clean environment is refuse derived fuel (RDF). RDF is an alternative fuel which helps the cement and the steel factories to reduce the emission of dioxins (carbon dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, sulphur dioxide etc.) from their kilns.”       “It is noteworthy that presently, most cement companies in Nigeria use either gas or coal to fire their kilns in the production of cement.  But, by the use of RDF, emissions are reduced.  We really need to look at the issues of climate change very seriously in Nigeria, because if we don’t, we would continue to see different challenges happening in the system. “Today, we see rains falling in October and November – these are issues of climate change.  In and around here, we waltz over these kinds of issue because we don’t pay attention.  We need to start paying attention to the issues of climate change and the environment, because when the climate changes the environment is not sustainable, and interestingly the seasons change.  Therefore, we would not get rains when we are supposed to – these affects the farmers as they are not able to plant at the right time and harvest at the right time.  We need to remember that there is a seed time and harvest.  So, we need to tie into the engagement. “Today, we are in discussions with several state governments, and are in the process to conclude a planned implementation with the Oyo State Government to take over a dumpsite; remediate the existing in-situ waste and groundwater, while converting the waste that is coming to the dumpsite into useful products; WC-Power, Nouveau-F and Wastefuels. “What we are saying to government is to understand where the environment is going and to look at on-boarding waste utilization policies such that appropriate environmental mitigants are put in place to positively impact the community and make sure that waste is properly disposed”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided