FAME Foundation, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), has launched the first-ever sports books for Internally Displaced Girls, IDPs in Nigeria, titled, the Success Tips for Internally Displaced Girls in Sports, a Play it Dream it Initiative. The book launched on December 1, 2020 and compiled by Ms Anna Mambula, Programme Manager of FAME Foundation, is a manual compilation of success nuggets delivered at the 2020 edition of the PLAY it DREAM it Conference, in commemoration of the International Day of the Girl Child and #FootballPeople weeks where different sports professionals from around the world, many of whom have over 10 years of working experience participated in. The mini handbook guide is expected to proffer solutions to the problems faced by IDP girls by providing them with success tips from sport experts on starting and excelling in a sports career. ALSO READ: Vaccination, clean environment key in fight against yellow fever — Okowa Speaking in her opening remarks at the virtual book launch, Executive Director of FAME Foundation, Ms. Aderonke Ogunleye-Bello, said the book will serve as a guide for every girl interested in building a career in sports, “the manual book will be helpful for young IDP girls in sports, grassroot teams, academies, physical and health education/sport teachers in school and will be a very useful tool for displaced/refugee girls with the passion to start a sport career, providing them with basics to lay their foundation on,” she said. The book was unveiled by the Honourable Minister for Youth and Sports development in Nigeria, Mr. Sunday Dare, represented by Olympian and his Special Assistant, Ms. Mary Onyali, who, on behalf of the minister, said the book will encourage the girls in active sports participation. “This book is one of the stepping stones towards greater heights in empowering women and girls in the society and it will be very useful for every girl in sports, serving as a point of support and encouragement,” Onyali said. In her remarks, Esther Jones Russell, Head of Policy: Social Inclusion at FARE Network says, “FARE Network is an international foundation advocating against violence and standing for social change, football people week brings together different stakeholders to stand against discrimination and promote inclusion and equality, and sport is a brilliant tool for engaging and empowering people and bringing people together through the common language of football.”  UN Women Country Representative, Ms. Comfort Lamptey, represented by Jessica Young, Programmes and Partnerships Analyst, UN Women Nigeria stressed that, “UN Women have a strong emphasis on engaging youths in sport development, UN women is looking to ensure sports advocacy as a tool to enhance gender equality. Play it Dream it Initiative of FAME Foundation, using sports as a tool to advocate for Gender Equality. The book was published in conjunction with FARE Network and Global Sports Mentoring Programme, an initiative of US Department of State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided