Five persons have been arrested for allegedly murdering a 45-year-old housewife, identified as Memunat Akinde, and a motorcyclist, Ibikunle Ajose, for ritual purposes. The suspects were apprehended by the operatives of the Ogun State Police Command, following a report by Mrs Akinde’s husband, at the Ado-Odo Divisional Police Headquarters. Mr Akinde had reported that his wife, a fish seller, was conveyed by a commercial motorcyclist to buy fish at the market, and both were found missing. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said one Monsuru Okediran, was arrested in Badagry area of Lagos State, following an investigation by men of the anti-kidnapping unit of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department. Oyeyemi, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, said three other persons Ajaoba Monday; Akewusola Wajud and Nupo Pona were also arrested in connection to the case. The PPRO said that the suspects upon interrogation had confessed that the victims had been slaughtered and their parts were taken away by one herbalist, Dasu Sunday, for money-making ritual purpose. They (suspects) had told the Police that they were working for one land grabber with the name “Lebo.” ALSO READ: Amaechi commissions APM Terminals Apapa’s operation command centre Oyeyemi said: “The four of them confessed that they were working for a notorious land grabber who they simply identified as Lebo. They stated that they accosted the two victims along the road at Abisoye village where they abducted them to an uncompleted building in a bushy area, tied them in both hands and leg and later called their principal on phone informing him that they have succeeded in getting two victims. “Having killed them, the fifth suspect Dasu Sunday who is a herbalist was called, and on his arrival, they cut the two victims into pieces and loaded their parts into a sack brought by the herbalist who took the parts away for money-making ritual.” The spokesman said the woman’s head was recovered at the herbalist’s shrine. All five suspects are in police custody. He said operatives of the command have launched “a serious manhunt” for the fleeing principal simply known as “Lebo.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE      Five arrested for allegedly murdering housewife, motorcyclist in Ogun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided