There was pandemonium in Wesley College area of Ibadan, Oyo State capital on Tuesday when hoodlums in their numbers reportedly unleashed terror on residents, leading to the alleged killing of one person while scores were injured. The national president of Soludero Hunters Association, Oba Wahab Ajijola Anabi made this disclosure while speaking with journalists in Ibadan. He explained that hoodlums have taken over Labo, Orita Aperin, Elekuro, Kosodo, Oranyan areas of Ibadan where they used dangerous weapons such as animal bones, bottles, pistols, nails and clubs to attack residents of the affected areas. According to Ajijola, “a man was killed at Kosodo area. He was stabbed to death. They were about 700 hoodlums invited from neighbouring streets. They used pistols, animal bones, bottles and clubs to stab and wound people.” He alleged that one man whose nickname is “Baba Jakan’s son led the hoodlums,” claiming that the “hoodlums entered a Central Mosque at Ita Ege where they allegedly brought out deadly weapons they had hidden there. I saw the boys when they were bringing the weapons out of a Central Mosque at Ita Ege.” Ajijola, however, lamented men of the Oyo State Security outfit, Operation Burst mistook his boys for hoodlums and got them arrested. “We, Soludero Hunters Association, have been working together with Operation Burst and other security agencies to ensure peace reign in Oyo. There were many times we handed hoodlums over to police at Akanran, Idi Aro Police stations. We caught suspected kidnappers, murderers and handed over to Operation Burst. “They should release my men who have been helping us out in the fight against thuggery and other social vices in the state. I sent them there to quell the violence, but Operation Burst mistook them for bandits. “While we were quelling the violence, I got information that some bandits wanted to burn my house. I quickly rushed there and dislodged them. They were saying Soludero Hunters did not give them free hand to operate in the state. “To our surprise, some politicians have joined the government of Governor Seyi Makinde whose sole aim is to destroy his administration. At the scene of the violence, some of the hoodlums claimed they were calling a certain P. A to the governor who we don’t know. “Governor Makinde should please come to our aid by providing vehicles and other logistics for the smooth operation of the hunters. We are ready to contribute our efforts to make Oyo State peaceful. But, we don’t have anything to do our work,” Ajijola remarked. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the Oyo State Police Command, Mr Olugbenga Fadeyi confirmed the incident, saying police have restored normalcy to the affected areas. He stated “information from the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in the area indicated that some hoodlums as early as 7.30 am started violent attacks at Wesley area. The remains of one person who was stabbed to death during the fracas have been deposited at the morgue of Adeoyo State Hospital. “Five persons sustained injuries and one person was arrested by the police. The violence started few days ago and each time police moved in to restore order, the hoodlums would regroup somewhere else and start another round of violence. “But, we have restored normalcy and we are also envisaging a reprisal attack because of one person, who was stabbed to death. We have maintained a heavy security presence there to prevent reoccurrence of any violence in the affected areas,” Fadeyi explained. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided