OGUN State Government has expressed readiness to support poultry farmers in the state under the auspices of the Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), to retain its pride of place as the largest producer of egg in Nigeria. Commissioner for Agriculture, Dr. Adeola Odedina disclosed this while hosting the newly elected executive members of PAN in his office in Oke- Mosan, Abeokuta. Dr. Odedina who appreciated the Association for contributing to palliative materials given to the vulnerables in the state during COVID-19 lockdown described them as the most well organised stakeholders in poultry value-chain, promising that government would continue to strengthen the industry. He assured that more land and seedlings would be provided for interested farmers in a bid to provide maize and soya beans, which he noted were the major materials for poultry feeds. “We have been meeting with stakeholders in poultry value-chain activities and we will continue to do the needful to strengthen the industry. The State Government is ready to revive all moribond poultry facilities across the state in order to replicate broiler projects in all the 20 Local Government Areas”, he assured. The Commissioner also disclosed government’s readiness to empower rural women with 50 broilers each while more opportunities would be opened to commercial poultry farmers. He also assured that Government would help the Association to procure landed property and other facilities that would house its Secretariat as well as sponsorship of their annual poultry show. Speaking earlier, the Chairman of PAN, Ogun State Chapter, Mr Idowu Asonuga, sought the intervention of the State Government towards the availability of  maize and soya beans saying, COVID-19 pandemic  and barn on importation of maize have affected poultry and egg business across the country. He also requested for adequate data of stakeholders in agric value-chain which according to him the Association needed for planning and expansion of its activities. He however expressed hope as the Commissioner has allayed their fears and promised adequate support that would boost the Association’s business. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided