Innovation centre Co-creation Hub (CcHUB) has launched a new investment syndicate to   make it easier for investors to back African start-ups. The innovation hub will invite third-party investors with as little as US$5,000 in   each round. This will give investment groups, firms and high net individuals options   to diversify their investment portfolio while also helping to develop the continent’s start-up ecosystem. Known  as‘The Syndicate’, the initiative aims to accelerate the growth of early-stage   ventures. Mr Bosun Tijani, Chief Executive Officer of CcHUB and iHUB, said: “CcHUB syndicate is  an innovative funding platform which comes at a critical time when the world stands  on the precipice of change. These times require companies with innovative solutions to critical problems in our societies. “The syndicate seeks to solve the subsistent consumption that exists in diaspora   remittances, by redirecting it towards investments in high-growth, impact-driven   technology companies across Africa.” CcHUB has ploughed $1million direct investment in African start-ups and has helped to   raise over $61-million from other investment companies. The Hub said in a statement: “Across Africa, CcHUB boasts of a rich network of over   650 startups who can trace their roots to Co-Creation Hub’s innovation-focused   programs and interventions, more than 7,300 direct jobs created by its portfolio  companies, 35,000+ indirect jobs have been created by portfolio companies through   their value chain.” The African tech start-up ecosystem generated approximately $2.02-billion in 2019,   compared to $ 1.163-billion in 2018, according to the Africa Tech Venture Capital   report by Partech Partners. By the end of Q1, 2020 the amount raised by local startups stood at US$350-million,   according to analysis firm, Briter Bridges.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided