South Africa’sDepartment of Public Enterprises (DPE) has appointed the Nigerian-British born Nick Fadugba as one of the interim six-member on South African Airways (SAA) board as the airline prepares to relaunch in 2021. A statement issued by the department said Geoff Qhena would chair the board, which also comprises Peter Tshisevhe, June Crawford, Bembe Zwane and Professor Edna van Harte. The six, said DPE, are expected to restore proper governance and oversight of the airline during the implementation of a business rescue plan. “As a shareholder on behalf of the government, the DPE is delighted that these experienced professionals have agreed to join the board of SAA. Their combination of academic, financial, legal and aviation experience, with deep knowledge of global aviation and transportation trends, will bring a new perspective as the national carrier prepares to relaunch next year.” The appointments, the DPE said, will enhance the independence and balance of the board, whilst continuing the process of transformation and renewal. Qhena is a qualified Chartered Accountant and a seasoned finance executive who  is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Industrial Development Corporation, where he was at the helm for 13 years. Nick Fadugba, is an aviation professional with many years in consulting and promoting aviation development on the African continent, including leading the African Airlines Association. He has served as the Chairperson of African Business Aviation Association and has been involved in discussions on a Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM). While Tshisevhe is a merger and acquisition lawyer with extensive experience in transaction advisory services, Crawford, who leads the Aviation Working Group of the South African Business Council, is a leading aviation and tourism leader and professional. Meanwhile, Zwane is an aviation entrepreneur who is a part-owner in an aviation training solutions provider, a car rental business and an aviation logistics business just as Professor Van Harte is an academic and former dean of the faculty of Military Science at the South African National Defence Force’s military academy at Saldanha Bay and former Chairperson of the Defence Service Commission. She has served on various boards and commissions. In charting the way forward, the DPE said it believed that the key to solving the difficulties facing SAA is the finalisation and implementation of the business rescue process, followed by the start of a restructured airline, appointment of a leadership team and securing a credible strategic equity partner who can introduce the required technical, financial, and operational expertise into the business. According to the DPE: “The new airline will be run in a professional and sustainable manner to support key economic sectors including tourism, trade with the continent, the local aeronautics industries and local service providers”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided