The Nigeria Police High Command on Tuesday said that it was perfecting the extradition processes of the former chairman of the Pension Reform Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrashid Abdullahi Maina, who was arrested in Niamey, Niger Republic to enable him face trial in pending criminal proceedings against him. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Force Public Relations Officer FPRO, Frank Mba. According to the statement, Abdulrashid Maina, who was declared wanted by a court of competent jurisdiction, was arrested on 30th November, this year through the collaborative efforts of the operatives of the Nigeria Police Force, INTERPOL NCB, Abuja and their Nigerien counterpart. It further revealed that the suspect is currently in a detention facility in the Niger Republic awaiting the completion of the extradition processes. The Force assured the citizens, that there shall be no hiding place for any suspect, no matter how highly placed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided