The Divisional Police Officer of Otukpo in Benue State, Yahaya Pawa has been shoot by suspected looters. Our correspondent gathered that the DPO, a Superintendent of Police, was shot when he led a team of policemen to Otukpo-Icho in order to arrest suspected looters in the early hours of Tuesday. The suspects were alleged to be selling goods allegedly looted during the recent fire outbreak in Otukpo. A local in the community who identified herself as Ann said that some hoodlums seized the opportunity of the fire incident in Otukpo main market recently to loot shop. Ann added that the suspects were later found to be selling the stolen goods within the community. She said: “In the process of arresting some suspects, they (suspected criminals) shot at the DPO and ran away.” Tribune Online reports that the DPO is said to be receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospital in Otukpo. Benue Command spokesperson, DSP, Catherine Anene confirmed the report and said that the DPO is receiving treatment and in stable condition. “It is true that Otukpo DPO was shot when he led a team of policemen on the operation, he was shot in the arm but he is in stable condition,” Anene said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided