The Emir of Kaura Namoda in Zamfara State, Alhaji Sanusi Muhammad Asha, on Thursday night escaped death while two palace guards, his driver, three policemen and two others were killed by suspected gunmen along Zaria-Funtua road. It was gathered that the suspected gunmen on Thursday night attacked and killed the eight persons on their way back to Kaura-Namoda in Zamfara State. Sources close to Kaura-Namoda Emirate Council told Tribune Online that the Emir’s convoy was ambushed while he was on his way from Abuja to Zamfara State. According to the sources, the Emir was in his official vehicle with a Toyota Hilux forming part of the convoy, he didn’t sustain any injury but we lost eight occupants of the Toyota Hilux including the driver, two palace guards, three police escorts and two traditional title holder, they were all killed by the gunmen.” Tribune Online further gathered that the incident which occurred close to midnight made the Emir to spend the night at Funtua police station. As of the time of this report, it was gathered that Kaura Namoda Emirate Council was making arrangements to convey the bodies of those killed for burial later today. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Zamfara Emir escapes death  Zamfara Emir escapes death 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Zamfara Emir escapes death  Zamfara Emir escapes death NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided