The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, on Friday apologised for saying that only 10 students were kidnapped at the Government Science School, Kankara, Katsina State. He was quoted early this week as saying at a press conference that only 10 students of the school were kidnapped, contrary to the state government’s pronouncement which said over 300 students were abducted. However, in a statement he issued on Friday, Malam Shehu said he was apologising for the incorrect information, saying he provided the fighre based on what he had at his disposal then. According to the statement: “I apologize for the incorrect communication citing that only 10 students were kidnapped at the science school, Kankara. “This communication of numbers was provided by persons that should ideally know. These numbers were seen to conflict with what was available at that time. “Please understand that this communication was in no way done to downplay the seriousness of the situation. “Please accept my sincere apologies on this matter as we continue to move our great nation Nigeria forward. Thank you.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Katsina school students  Katsina school students 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Katsina school students  Katsina school students NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided