After five days in captivity, a Chinese expatriate kidnapped in Ekiti State last week Friday has regained his freedom. The expatriate who is handling the construction of the new Ado-Iyin road was abducted on Friday evening at the site by gunmen who also killed a policeman attached to him. While the Chinese was abducted, another staff of the company was said to have sustained gunshots injuries. A source close to the road construction company told Tribune Online, on Wednesday, that the abductee was released around 11 pm on Tuesday after payment of N100 million ransom. He explained while the ransom was collected at a place in Kwara State, the expatriate was released around Ilawe-Igede road in Ekiti State. According to him, “The Chinese was released very late on Tuesday after payment of ransom to the kidnappers. “The N100 million was taken to a bush in Kwara State where the kidnappers collected and confirmed it before the man was released here at a very difficult location along Igede-Ilawe road.” But when contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer ( PPRO) in Ekiti state ASP Sunday Abutu confirmed the release of the Chinese expatriate but denied any payment of ransom. He revealed that the release was made possible after a serious manhunt launched on the kidnappers by security operatives. “Yes, he was released after a serious manhunt and pressure from the security operatives around Ilawe-Igede at about 11:30 pm on Tuesday. He assured residents that the command would continue to do everything possible to ward off all criminal elements from the state and ensure maximum security of lives and property. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… Kidnappers release Chinese expatriate after allegedly paying N100 million ransom in Ekiti We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Kidnappers release Chinese expatriate after allegedly paying N100 million ransom in Ekiti SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided