Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina State has said bandits have released 17 students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, who were kidnapped on Monday evening. Speaking in an interview with Deutse Welle Hausa Service in Katsina on Monday, the governor said he had just be informed that 15 students were found in Danmusa Local Government Area while security operatives said they found one of the students in the forest Masari also said that one of the parents of the kidnapped student had confirmed that his son had returned home. According to him, since the incident occurred, soldiers and other security operatives are in the forest trying to ensure that the other students are rescued. “Our major concern is to see that they are free and unhurt. We are still pleading for the understanding from the parents of the kidnapped students and Nigerians that we are not resting on our oars,” he said. On the claim that the government had started negotiating with the bandits, Masari said that so far, they have no direct link with the bandits expect the conversation the bandits had with one of the parents. “We were told that the bandits asked for ransom but they did not state how much. They also warned that security officials should stop hovering around with their aircraft,” he said. The Katsina governor also said that from intelligence reports, the bandits are now in Zamfara forest with the kidnapped students. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President it is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Bandits have so far released 17 of kidnapped students, says Masari SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided