Barely three days after a suspected cultist was set ablaze in Ekuigbo community, Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State, mob on Wednesday killed and burnt another suspected notorious cultist in the same community. The suspect, who was simply identified as “Pastor,” was alleged to be the leader of the hit team of one of the rival cult groups allegedly responsible for several killings and armed robberies in Ughelli and environs. It was gathered that the dreaded cultist, who has been on the wanted list of both the police, military and local vigilantes, was killed after a failed attempt to kill a member of Ekuigbo community vigilantes known as “operation”. “They were about three of them that came with a bike looking for “Operation,” whom I don’t want to mention his name for security reasons. “Note that this same boy, after a mob set ablaze one of their members (Barger) recently, had declared war against our vigilantes. “When they came to the town, they didn’t find them because they had gone on patrol. “So, they decided to trace them to their location. While they went, they met on the way. Immediately, Pastor shot at “Operation” three times, but the bullet did not penetrate. At this point, they mounted their motorcycles and fled. “But they were chased by both the vigilantes and members of the community who were jolted and awoken by the gunshots. “In the process, one of the vehicles chasing them knocked down the motorcycle and they fell down. “At this point, they started running on foot, Pastor was caught in the process and was set ablaze along with the motorcycle they came with by the mob,” a source narrated to journalists at Ughelli. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Onome Onovwakpoyeya, could not be reached for comment on the jungle justice as of the time of filing the report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Mob sets another cultist 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Mob sets another cultist  Mob sets another cultist After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Mob sets another cultist  v NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided