A new Chapter of the Association of Formidable Education Development (AFED), has been launched in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The new body has a primary assignment of ensuring that out- of- school children in Oyo State have access to low cost basic education, while the association complements the efforts of  the state government. AFED is an association of low-fee paying private schools in Nigeria. Established in 1999 and incorporated as a professional and humanitarian organisation to promote quality and affordable education for children from low income families. Speaking at the inauguration of the new chapter, the national president of AFED, Mr Orji Kalu, said the association has been received warmly in some states in Nigeria, including Lagos State, where they have taken out-of-school children from the streets. ALSO READ: Sean Dampte prepares ‘perfect’ Xmas gift for fans Commenting on the number of out-of-school children, he said about 14 million out- of- school children are in Nigeria. However, the association is poised to promote an enabling platform for low-fee paying education service providers to achieve better standard, learning outcome achievements, measurement and improvement in the country. He revealed that AFED has partners across the globe,  that  offer  assistance  to the association, stressing that AFED has just  commenced a fruitful journey with Oyo State. According to him, it was against this background that the association was brought to the shores of the Pacesetter state, to serve as a platform and pedestal were egg heads would brainstorm from time to time with stakeholders across education sector. He bemoaned the fact that the Nigerian Education sector has not made significant progress, saying it was even more surprising that Nigeria has an increasing number of out-of-school children. The Special Adviser to Governor Makinde on Environment, Mr. Ademola Aderinto said there is no alternative to education; therefore he encouraged AFED to give room for competitiveness among its member schools, by imbibing tree planting culture. He prayed for sustainance of AFED, adding that Oyo State governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde administration is ready to offer AFED the necessary support to thrive. Also speaking, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, Mrs. Atere Aminat Bamidele congratulated the Association for the laudable initiative. She said apart from using the association as a platform to brainstorm on critical issues bothering on basic education, Oyo State Government through the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology would ensure it supports the initiative. Mrs Atere noted that the Association’s effort would back Engr. Seyi Makinde led administration in Oyo State’s efforts at promoting quality and affordable education to its citizenry. In his remark, the Patron of the association, Dr. Muyiwa Bamgbose promise to invest more to the association so as to helping the out-of-school children. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided