Amitolu Shittu, the Osun State field commandant of the regional security net­work, Amotekun, has debunked the news credited to him that, the outfit would not tolerate indecent dressing and bastardizing of Yoruba language by the youth in the society. Amitolu who made the denial in a statement in Osogbo described the statement credited to him on the claim as falsehood and charged members of the public to disregard it. The field commandant of the security outfit in the state, therefore, frowned at the statement he described as image tarnishing. Commenting further on the matter, Amitolu insisted that the statement credited to him was not done in good faith and warned against bringing disrepute into his life. He, however, appealed to well-meaning Nigerians not to take the claim serious as it is a ruse that far from the truth. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Osun Amotekun  Osun Amotekun #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Osun Amotekun  Osun Amotekun NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided