Angry Ijaw youths on Monday blocked the East-West road in protest over the appointment of a Sole Administrator instead of a substantive board for the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The protesters, under the aegis of Ijaw Youth Council (IYC) worldwide, gathered at the Mbiama-Yenagoa junction of the federal highway as early as 6.30 a.m. using trailer, trucks and other objects to barricade the road. Attempts by some armed soldiers and former Secretary to Bayelsa State Government and ex Nigerian Ambassador, Dr Godknows Igali, who was also caught up in the gridlock to convince the protesters to clear the blockade failed. The travellers were caught in the gridlock on the usually busy road spanning more than two kilometres on the Bayelsa and Rivers State stretch of the road. The protesters, armed with placards with various inscriptions said the appointment of sole administration will fuel crisis in the region. The protesters, who were led by the National spokesman, Ebilade Ekerefe; National Treasurer, Ebifoubo Timilaemi, Zonal Chairman, Central Zone, Ebi James, among others, accused the Minister of Niger Delta, Godswill Akpabio, of allegedly pocketing the region and playing politics with NDDC thereby undermining the region’s development for selfish gains. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Many travellers stranded as Ijaw youths barricade East-West road, demand substantive board for NDDC Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Many travellers stranded as Ijaw youths barricade East-West road, demand substantive board for NDDC SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided