THE Association of Carbon and Wastes Recycling Dealers of Nigeria  (ACREWDON) has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the National Union of Printing, Publishing and Paper Products Workers (NUPPPPROW). The President of  NUPPPPROW, John Ushie and the President of ACREWDON, Salisu Yarima, both commended the signing of the MoU, and expressed the belief that the efforts will help both parties and help resolve challenges facing their job performance. While speaking, John Ushie said the affiliation of ACREWDON with the NUPPPPROW would give them teeth to bite and more power to agitate for their rights which they had been deprived before now. Also, Salisu Yarima said the purpose of signing the MoU was borne out of challenges facing their association, as foreign companies had illegally taken over supply of waste cartons contrary to the government policy and President Muhammadu Buhari’s Executive Order. According to him, unnecessary moisture deduction by foreign companies when raw materials are supplied to them is making them pass through unnecessary trauma, adding that this is resulting in a loss by their suppliers. Yarima lamented that they had become financially handicapped due to a lack of capability and capacity to enforce the utilization of their avenues for revenue generation. He further regretted that as a regulatory body, they don’t have the capacity to fix prices and make room for business uniformity due to lack of harmonious relationship with foreign companies. He stated that all efforts to deal with all these challenges have proved abortive as they don’t belong to any union to fight their cause, noting that joining NUPPPPROW became a necessity in order to surmount their travail in the hands of foreign companies. “Our prayers here are for the intervention of NUPPPPROW and other relevant government agencies to advise or curtail foreign companies’ participation in the industries premises in Ogun and Kano States respectively,” he stated. However, Yarima revealed that the body was on the verge of recording tremendous success with the Federal Ministry of Trade and Investment on the menace of foreign companies illegally taking over their business. According to him, the Minister has directed some officials to visit all the collection centers in Lagos and Kano States to assess the capacity and the capability of indigenous suppliers to take over the supplies and transmit the raw materials to industries in Ogun state. He added that the move is to enable Nigeria citizens suppliers to participate easily in the business circles of wastes collection from markets and waste collection centers and supply to the foreign companies in their industries which is in line with President Buhari signed Executive Order.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President it is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided