Lagos State Government on Wednesday tasked all Local Government Councils to do more to ensure maintenance and cleanliness of all tertiary drains in their domain. The task was given by the Commissioner for the Environment and Water Resources Mr Tunji Bello while addressing participants at a stakeholders meeting on maintenace of tertiary drains held at the LCCI Conference Centre, Alausa. Tunji Bello told the gathering that included some local Government chairmen that maintenance of tertiary drains could also be used to generate employment. He stated that it is about being creative and that some unemployed youths in the localities can be engaged to clear the drains and also maintain it at a cost that would not be prohibitive. He frowned at the present situation where the state is still being forced to maintain tertiary drains in addition to the primary and secondary  drains. He stressed the need for all the Council Chairmen to monitor and put pressure on respective tenements in their areas to regularly maintain and clean all tertiary drains across the state. He added that environmental health officers at the Local Government levels must be also be sensitized while their number is increased to effectively monitor the compliance level of  residents in terms of cleaning of tertiary drains. He said the Emergency Flood Abatement Gang (EFAG) has been responsible for cleaning several tertiary drains and black spots round the state adding that they function as the quick response arm of the state Government and have  in freeing several clogged up drains from waste and silts. He revealed that on a weekly basis, the EFAG team works on about 6,547 meters of tertiary drain channels round the state and had cleaned up tertiary drains measuring about 307.7 kilometers across the state since EFAG was reintroduced in October 2019. Also speaking, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Drainages and Water Resources, Engr. Joe Igbokwe commended the initiative for the meeting. He stated that the meeting would create avenues on how better synergy can be created between the State and Local Governments. He expressed optimism that the Local Councils would going forward compliment the activities of EFAG in maintaining tertiary drains more than they are presently doing. He said Lagos has remained largely flood free all year long due to the efforts of the Office of Drainage Services which is still ongoing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided