No fewer than two persons lost their lives in a motor accident that occurred along Ile-Ife-Gbogan highway in Osun State on Tuesday. The State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mrs. Kudirat Ibrahim made this known through the command’s Public Enlightenment Officer, Mrs Agnes Ogungbemi in a statement issued in Osogbo. The sector commander who hinted that the accident occurred due to road traffic violation and overspeeding added that two other persons were severely injured in the accident which was recorded around 3.00 a.m of the day. Mrs Ibrahim explained that there was a collision between two vehicles which involved 23 persons. She said a Toyota Camry with registration number FKJ746DU collided with a White Bus with registration number FKJ634XW. According to her, two persons lost their lives in the process while some injured persons had been taken to the Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital (OAUTH) in Ile-Ife. ”The items recovered at the scene of the accident had been taken to Ipetu Police Station by officers of the Nigerian Army who were also at the scene of the accident.” The sector commander, however, appealed to road users to be safety conscious and obey the road traffic regulations in order to avoid further unwanted situations on highway. Ibrahim, therefore, advised motorists to comply with the road safety act in order to avoid their vehicles being impounded. She also threatened to make motorists who violate traffic rules to face the wrath of the law. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided