The announcement of the death of “Black Panther” star Chadwick Boseman was the most shared on Twitter worldwide in 2020, and got the most “likes” of any Tweet ever, the social media platform said on Monday. The August 28 post by Boseman’s family saying the actor had died of colon cancer at age 43 was “liked” more than 7.5 million times, Twitter said, releasing data of the most shared events on its platform for 2020. US President Donald Trump, himself a prolific user of Twitter, was the person most tweeted about worldwide in 2020, followed by his Democratic opponent and winner in the November elections, Joe Biden. K-Pop group BTS were the No.1 most tweeted about musicians in the US for a fourth straight year, reflecting the South Korean boy band’s milestones on the US singles charts and successes at award shows. Former US President Barack Obama’s tribute to Kobe Bryant as a “legend on the court” after the death of the basketball player in a helicopter crash in January, was second among likes and retweets. George Floyd, the Black man whose death in May in Minneapolis under the knee of a white police officer prompted worldwide protests against racism, was the third most tweeted about person in the world in 2020. While the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter was the second-most popular after #COVID19, Twitter said. Rapper Kanye West, who ran for the White House in November and whose mental health raised concerns, took second place among musicians, Twitter said. (Reuters/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided