RETIREES, serving members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) and other individuals interested in agriculture are presently undergoing a one-week intensive training on various agriculture value chain courtesy Federal College of Agriculture, Ibadan. Participants at the training are being tutored on poultry production, production of cereal and legumes, use and maintenance of agricultural machinery, local and exotic vegetable production and cassava processing and utilisation. Speaking during the opening ceremony of the programme which held on the school premises at Moor Plantation, Ibadan, the Executive Provost, Dr Mrs Elizabeth Oluwakemi Augustus, hinted that the vocational training which has been an integral part of the college programmes for the past twelve years is solely aimed at the fulfillment of its mandate to offer short courses and training programmes targeted at boosting the competencies of Nigeria’s agricultural personnel. Augustus further stated that:”The vocational training has made remarkable impact on the economic standing of the participants and the nation in general as more than 4,000 participants have been trained in different aspects of agriculture since its commencement. It is not an understatement, however, that this programme has significantly improved the livelihoods of many Nigerians, especially youths and retirees.” The Provost, therefore, concluded by hinting that:”Let me add that the vocational training as put together by the Federal College of Agriculture, Ibadan, is free of charge; no amount is required to be paid by participants who I do hope that they would make the best use of the knowledge and skill which they would acquire during the one-week intensive training.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided