Bishop of Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Right Reverend Matthew Hassan Kukah, has disclosed that he was not bothered over various reactions trailing his Christmas message. He disclosed this while speaking with newsmen during his annual media chat in Sokoto at St Bakhita Secretariat on Monday, adding that the message he made was based on his love for the country and had no political or ulterior motive. “Frankly, let me tell you the truth, I have not been able to read every comment or reaction to my statement but again people who know me know I won’t take offence or be bothered about what people say. “I have said it many times that I say my mind, not that I am educating Nigerians, but I am very grateful to them for giving me the opportunity to express my views. “We are all humans, I could be wrong, I could be right, people may agree or disagree with me. When you make your own contributions, people can see the difference. “I never bothered myself with the comments, this country is ours to fix and we must fix it urgently,” he said. Kukah said it was unfair for any journalist or newspaper to report that he called for a military coup in his statement, calling for a fact check about his statement. “To make it more interesting, a retired General from the North-West who is a Muslim has also released a statement on his handle to say all what I said is true,” he said. “I have no plan and will never play partisan politics for any reason. Those who link me to partisan politics because of my statement are only playing into the gallery. “I have always been in a political terrain. Take for instance, I have listened to some brilliant Nigerian youths making comments about Chelsea or Arsenal and have never been to England. Most of the best commentators in football barely can’t kick a ball. “So why will someone think because Bishop Kukah is speaking, therefore he is a politician? People who make this argument are totally ignorant of elementary politics and ignorant of the role of a priest. “I understand and I agree with Nigerians that many people have probably not seen a priest saying the things I am saying which is okay. A lot of people have not seen a priest playing Ludo and when they see, it surprises them. “The truth of the matter is a lot of us are into politics. Party politics, No. I am not a member of any political party and I cannot be. When it comes to voting, I perform my duties. ALSO READ: FCMB deepens financial inclusion, opens ultra-modern cash centre at Ikorodu “Whatever I said can please or displease anyone, but that is my own opinion and it doesn’t stop others from saying their own opinion. If you think my motive is wrong, say yours. “I have no problem with Muslims, Christians or any other religion but what I don’t like is when someone is using religious issue to play politics, it is wrong. “I have wrong feelings about our society, our life and how we run things in Nigeria. There cannot be a good Muslim or good Christians without a good Nigeria. “My major concern is how to bring Nigeria back on track devoid of killings, attacks or whatever. The kind of problems we faced in the last few years is really troubling. “One of the few comments I read as reactions to my statement actually gave me joy. In the beginning of this administration, some people said former President Jonathan was my friend and he was someone I closely associated with. “Unknown to those people, Jonathan people are saying I am a Buhari man. Throughout the period Jonathan was the president, I was never invited to the Villa for a day to come and say prayer. The only time I entered the Villa was when I was invited by the South Africa Ambassador for a prayer for Mandela. “Let me be clear, I don’t have a problem with President Buhari. I am unhappy with the way governance is being done. I don’t have to like the president and the president doesn’t have to like me as well. “This is our country and we have to make it great. If my brother were the chairman of a local government, will that stop me from telling him what he does not do right? “It is a pity that we come from a tradition that people think or we are used to praise-sing those in power and when you criticise, you don’t like the person or you are his enemy,” he added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    I am not bothered over reactions to my Christmas message, says Bishop Kukah Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided