It was a sad day for nature last week in Delta when a peregrine falcon was killed by some unidentified natives of Ofagbe community in the state. The bird, adjudged as the fastest animal on earth – when in a dive, is believed to have flown into Nigeria’s airspace from Finlandaccording to a tag found on the bird after it was killed. The tag read: “Museum 200L Helsinki Finland.” A Twitter user @wakajugbe first shared photos of the dead bird, saying it was killed at the Isoko community. “The Peregrine falcon soars to a great height, then dives steeply at speeds of over 200 miles (320 km) per hour. “This peregrine falcon was killed in a town called Ofagbe in Delta State. The bird flew all the way from Finland to Delta State as the tag on the bird read: ‘Museum 200L Helsinki Finland,” he tweeted. The University of Helsinki, Finland’s largest, oldest and most internationally esteemed research university has yet to confirm if the bird was actually a research bird from the institution. It will be recalled that there was a similar occurrence in February 2019 somewhere in Delta State where a West African Manatee was dragged in the street in a horrific manner and killed by some youths. The development has attracted the reaction of the Minister of State for Environment, Mrs Sharon Ikeazor, who vowed to investigate the matter, after viewing a trending video, of the treatment of the creature. Several persons then described the manner by which the creature was killed as ‘distressing’, ‘distasteful’, ‘disgusting’ and ‘horrific.’ Several others who condemned the action urged the Ministry of Environment to carry out aggressive public enlightenment and education for inhabitants of Niger Delta and other coastal regions on the importance of protecting wildlife and sea animals. The Delta State government had earlier described the killing of wildlife species in the state as an embarrassment and inhuman.The state government thereafter warned indigenes and residents of the state to steer clear of such anti-nature actions, threatening to jail “anybody caught killing such animal. “We condemn in its entirety the inhuman act of the unidentified youths whose actions have become an embarrassment to the state. “The state government seriously frowns at the action of these youths which negates the Bonn Convention on Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals. “The government hereby warns that anyone caught hunting protective animals within the state, will be arrested and prosecuted in line with relevant laws of the land,” the state government had said. But as of the time of filing the report, the state government has yet to react to the killing of the peregrine falcon. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided