The World Bank has asked Nigeria to strengthen reforms of the naira before it can approve a $1.5 billion loan, its country director said on Thursday, Reuters reported. Nigeria needs the support to survive low oil prices and make it through the economic shock of the COVID-19 pandemic. World Bank loans are often contingent upon reforms, and its officials said previously it was “recommending” a more unified, flexible exchange rate. The Nigerian naira hit 500 per dollar on the black market last month as a dollar scarcity squeezed the economy. “We recognise how much Nigeria has done,” Shubham Chaudhuri, the World Bank’s Nigeria country director, said during a webinar with journalists. “There needs to be a little bit more.” Nigeria’s central bank devalued the official rate by 15% in March and weakened the foreign exchange rate for exchange bureaux in November and in March. But the gap between the official rate and the parallel markets remains large. The situation is pressuring the economy and making it difficult for private companies to get the dollars they need to import into Nigeria. A Central Bank official previously told Reuters it also could cause remittances to slow and exporters could refuse to repatriate their proceeds. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided