#Bringbackourboys protests rocked Katsina on Sunday morning following the abduction of secondary school students in Kankara on Friday night. The protesters in their hundreds stormed the streets calling on the Federal Government to bring back their children without delay. It was led by a woman protester, Hajiya Ikilima Usman, believed to be a parent whose son, a JSS 2 student, was among those kidnapped. Sources said the protesters stormed around the school’s premises and some parts of the town with placards conveying various messages. Among the messages are ‘Government must speak out’, ‘We want our children back’ and ‘We want security in Kankara’, ‘Bring back our boys’ among others. As at the time of filing this report, normalcy had returned to the town. It was gathered that soldiers and police have been deployed to Kankara as most residents have fled. However, one of the parents, Murtala Hamza told Tribune Online that they will not rest until their children are rescued. He said, ”Most of us cannot sleep since we don’t know the condition of our children.” Hamza also called on the state and Federal Government to act urgently so that the parents can have peace of mind. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided