The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja on Wednesday turned down the request by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for the arrest of a former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode. Counsel to the EFCC, Mr Mohammed Abubakar, had urged the court to issue an arrest warrant against the ex-minister following his absence from Wednesday’s proceedings of his trial in the alleged diversion of N26 million he received from the then National Security Adviser (NSA), Col Mohammed Sambo Dasuki (rtd) in 2014. The application by the anti-graft agency was opposed by counsel to the former minister,  Mr Wale Balogun, who tendered a medical report dated November 24, 2020, advising Fani-Kayode to observe some bed rest. The trial judge, Justice John Tsoho, who is also the chief judge of the Federal High Court rejected the application by the EFCC for the issuance of an arrest warrant against the former minister on the grounds that the medical report presented by his counsel showed that he had justifiable grounds to be absent from the trial on Wednesday. The judge then adjourned the matter till February 23 and 24, 2021. It would be recalled that the EFCC, on November 11, 2016, arraigned Fani-Kayode on a  five-count charge. He was alleged to have diverted the sum of N26 million which he allegedly received from the former NSA to pay for an unspecified contract. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… Court turns down EFCC’s request to issue warrant of arrest against Fani-Kayode SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided