The All Progressives Congress (APC) has fingered a ‘North-West state governor’ as the mastermind of the spate of banditry and kidnappings in the North-West states in the country. Acting Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the party, Yekini Nabena, made the allegation in a statement he issued on Thursday. While he was silent on the particular ‘North-West governor’, Nabena claimed that an intelligence report linked the said governor to the heightened cases of banditry, abductions and other violent crimes in the zone. Nabena further accused the PDP of attempt to make political gains from the spate of insecurity in the country. He said the protests organised by the PDP was unnecessary. The statement read in part: “Our security agencies have intelligence reports linking one of the North-West governors of colluding and sponsoring the violent and criminal activities of bandits in the zone. I won’t give details because of the sensitive and security nature of the issue. “However, relevant security agencies must as a mater of urgency investigate the report and determine its veracity. Human life is not what we should play political chess games with. “We must shun enemies of the country including the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who seek political gains from issues of insecurity. “Our security agencies must also be alert to plots to further destabilise the North-west region and frustrate the quick and safe release of students abducted in Kankara Katsina State.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State. … APC fingers “North-West governor” as mastermind of banditry, kidnappings in the zone SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided