 The National  e-Government Strategies Ltd (NeGSt) has said that it’s worried by the   scale of corruption in the  country and that with the mandate given it and other   agencies by the government to fashion out means to combat the menace that it has been   working assiduously to ensure that Nigeria is corruption- free. The Executive Vice Chairman of the National e-Government Strategies Ltd (NeGSt), Dr   Felix Obada, said that the Transparency, Accountability and Sustainability (TAS)   software solution, which it launched recently will help all Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) of the Federal Government, including the private sector   organisations, to curb corruption. According to him, it has become imperative for everybody to put all hands on deck to   combat corruption in the country, saying the government alone can’t fight corruption   since it permeates all stratas of the society, and that NeGSt has taken it upon    itself to join hands with the government to eradicate the scourge in Nigeria. NeGSt stated that President Muhammed  Buhari  said that the country under him is   poise to fight corruption to a stand-still. Obada recalled his words: “Nigeria is   struggling with illicit financial flows (IFF) as successive budgets suffer setbacks   in the last 15 years. “Judging by the current exchange rate, the country cumulative budget, from 2004 to   2018 stood at about N60 trillion, while more than N103 trillion was stolen in illicit   transfers.” President Buhari, according to Obada, had told the audience at the 74th United   Nations General Assembly that his country lost $157.5 billion to illicit financial   flows between 2003 and 2012. But stakeholders insisted that the flow has maintained   steady increase to date. Obada added that, in the face of the ravaging effects of Covid-19, United Nations   (UN) had said curbing capital flight and curbing financial flows in Africa could   generate new funds of up to $88.6 billion per year to respond to the Covid-19 crisis. He further explained that corruption persisted and lingered for too long, because   successive governments have not found the right technology solution, adding that TAS, which has undergone a successful pilot test, was designed to help government and the private organisations, eliminate financial corrupt practices among Nigerians.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided