ACCIDENT Investigation Bureau Nigeria (AIB-N) has once again called for the establishment of the Nigeria Safety Investigation Bureau (NSIB), an independent unified body charged with the responsibility of carrying out investigation of occurrences involving all modes of transportation with the aim of promoting and enhancing safe transportation in Nigeria. Speaking during the just concluded public hearing on amendment bills for Civil Aviation Acts organised by House Committee on Aviation, the Commissioner of the Bureau, Mr Akin Olateru emphasized  that the proposed NSIB bill presently before the National Assembly, would reinforce safety in all modes of transportation in Nigeria through distinctive, efficient and effective investigations of accidents and serious incidents involving any of the mode of transportation within Nigeria or anywhere else Nigeria’s interest is affected. According to Olateru: “The NSIB will determine the probable causes of accidents and serious incident occurrences in transportation and publish safety recommendations to operators, regulators and others which would help prevent the recurring of similar occurrences, therefore, improving safety of transportation in Nigeria”. The proposed bill, he said, if passed into law, will also provide adequate legal and institutional framework for the regulation and administration of safety transportation occurrences in Nigeria. The AIB Commissioner on the occasion, declared  that the Bureau’s present mandate, which is to investigate aircraft accident and serious incidents that occur within the Nigerian airspace or anywhere else of Nigeria’s interest is affected with the aim of forestalling such occurrence from reoccurring, has greatly improved the safety of air travel in the country, as only one fatal occurrence has been recorded in the civil aviation since 2015. Reinstating the importance of an independent investigation agency, Olateru explained: “the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) and the Nigeria Railway Corporation (NRC) are responsible for regulating and investigating their own accident and incident occurrences, and where agencies act as regulators and investigators, the issue of transparency and public confidence may be questioned”. The Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji acknowledged the resilience, determination and frankness exhibited by various groups and critical stakeholders throughout the public hearing of the agencies. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided