The Anambra State Police Command, on Friday, says it has killed two notorious armed robbery suspects terrorising Onitsha and its environs. The Command’s PPRO, SP Haruna Mohammed, who confirmed the killing in a statement, said it incident happened on the 11/12/2020, at about 10:10 am. According to Mohammed, there was a distress call that four armed robbery suspects who belonged to a gang led by Ikanda(a notorious armed robber presently remanded in prison custody in connection with a murder case) were operating along Zik’s Avenue by Miss Ellems Onitsha. “Following the distress call, Police operatives attached to Fegge Division Onitsha quickly responded and rushed to the scene. As soon as the suspected armed robbers sighted the police, they engaged them into a gun duel. In the process, two suspects were fatally wounded and overpowered while two others escaped. The injured suspects are Dorgba and Fela whose real names are yet unknown were rushed to the hospital for treatment but certified dead on arrival by a medical doctor and their corpses deposited at the mortuary. Meanwhile, one locally made double barrel gun, four( 4) live cartridges, two expended cartridges, a charm, two wraps of dried leaves suspected to be Indian hemp, two Tecno phones and other items were recovered from the suspects and registered as exhibits. Consequently, the command once again reassures ‘Ndi Anambra’ of their safety before, during and after this Yuletide season and urged them not to relent in providing timely information through the emergency number 07039194332 for a prompt response. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Police kill two  Police kill two 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Police kill two  Police kill two NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided