The Nigerian equities sustained previous day’s performance, as the All-Share Index (ASI) recorded a sixth consecutive gain, having advanced by 0.30 per cent This is coming despite an unimpressive market breadth, as the market recorded 21 losers against 16 gainers. Cornerstone Insurance topped the losers’ list by ten per cent and 9.7 per cent decline, while Caverton and Cutix were the largest gainers of the day after advancing by 9.9 per cent and 9.8 per cent respectively. On Tuesday, the ASI of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) advanced by 0.3 per cent to close at 35,147.62 points. Accordingly, Month-to-Date and Year-to-Date return increased to +15.1 per cent and +30.9 per cent, respectively. Analysing by sectors, the Banking and Oil & Gas indices recorded gains after 2.3 per cent and 0.2 per cent respective increase, while the Insurance and Consumer Goods indices declined by 1.2 per cent and 0.2 per cent. The Industrial Goods index closed flat. However, market turnover closed negative as volume dropped by 25.83 per cent as against 118.38 per cent uptick recorded in the previous session. Specifically, the total volume of trades decreased to 308.18 million units, valued at N3.40 billion, and exchanged in 4,515 deals. Access Bank was the most traded stock by volume at 43.47 million units while Guaranty Trust Bank was the most traded stock by value at N859.15 million. Also, FBN Holdings, Seplat and Nestle Nigeria were the most active to boost market turnover. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… Equities market posts sixth-day gain despite negative breath We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… Equities market posts sixth-day gain despite negative breath SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided