The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), on Tuesday, handed food and other items worth millions of naira to victims of 2020 Flood in Benue State. The North Central Coordinator of NEMA, Eugene Nyelong, said that the agency had carried out enumeration and found out that the high-risk areas were in Otukpo, Agatu, Makurdi and Guma. Nyelong stressed the need for consistent sensitisation amongst communities in the State to avert flooding. Executive Secretary, State Emergency Management Agency, Dr Emmanuel Shior, who received the items at the secretariat said in spite of the widespread sensitisation and efforts to stem the tide of flooding, it still wreaks havoc in some local government areas necessitating the intervention of NEMA. Shior also said that the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs gave five trucks of grains which will be distributed to all the Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camps in the state including the Camerounian refugees. The SEMA boss stated that as a humanitarian agency, it has the mandate to stock its wares houses with materials for any emergency but because of the recent EndSARS protest, it has emptied its stores. Some of the items distributed include; rice, beans, vegetable oil, salt, seasoning, tomatoes, pasta, sugar, mattresses, mosquito nets, blankets, bath towel, detergents, soaps, diapers, sanitary pads, women clothing, children, clothing men clothing, cooking pot, cooking stove, plastic buckets, cement, roofing sheets, zinc nails and nails. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… NEMA donates items to Benue flood victims We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… NEMA donates items to Benue flood victims SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided