The Niger State police command has said 23 people lost their lives when a truck loaded with cows and 45 people skidded off the road and somersaulted into a bush. The accident occurred at about 5:00 a.m. on the Bokani -Makera Road in Mokwa Local Government Area of the state. This is according to the Commissioner of Police, Mr Adamu Usman, who confirmed the accident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Minna, on Monday. Usman said the truck, with registration number BBJ 666 XA, was coming from Dadin Kowa, in Kebbi State, enroute to Lagos when the incident occurred. The police boss explained that the bodies of the deceased and the 22 others who sustained various degree of injuries had been conveyed to the Mokwa General Hospital for post-mortem and treatment respectively. Usman, who attributed the accident to loss of control by the driver, lamented the failure of drivers to obey traffic rules and regulations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why Sanusi Was My Choice As Emir Of Kano ― Kwankwaso Former governor of Kano State, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, has defended his choice of former Governor of Central Bank, Muhammad Sanusi II, as the Emir of Kano.Incumbent Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, at a… Apple Goes Into Car Production Tech giant, Apple, makers of iPhone, MacBook, and other high-end gadgets has decided to expand its business by going into the production of self-driving cars with high-performance batteries by 2024… Kano Youth, 23 Years, Marries 46-Year-Old American Mother A Kano youth, Suleiman Isah Isah, 23 years, of Panshekara in Kano metropolis has married his heartthrob, Janine Sanchezt, a 46-year-old American mother… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided