General Superintendent of Christ Apostolic Church Worldwide, Pastor James Onagwa wants Christians to celebrate Christmas in such a way that its purpose will not be defeated. Speaking on the celebration of Christmas, Onagwa noted that many people ignorantly celebrate Christmas, forgetting the purpose of the season. He observed that many people have turned Christmas celebration into mere merrymaking eating, drinking, and committing sins in the name of celebrating the birth of Jesus Christ. He said: “When Jesus was born, the wise men came to Him – only those who were wise – and they came to celebrate Jesus. But it is a pity that today, that while some are celebrating Jesus, others are celebrating things that do not edify Christ. You see people who are celebrating the birth of Jesus drinking, smoking, clubbing, camping other people’s wives in hotel, which is contrary to the purpose Jesus came for.” He explained that anybody that would celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ must follow in the footsteps of the wise men that came to worship Him. “Those who are celebrating Christmas with sin are not regarded as wise. The wise ones are those who come together to worship Jesus. When you see people coming together for Bible teaching, seminar, revival, prayer and others, those are the people who are wise and are really seeking Jesus, not people who go about drinking beer, organising carnivals, and other immoral parties,” he added. Onagwa, therefore, appealed to Christians to use the period to know more about Christ and the purpose of His coming into the world, adding that, “the best way to celebrate Christmas is to come together to acknowledge what He has done, and wanting to know Christ – how to please Him more, how to serve Him more,  and how to follow Him more.” He also urged Church leaders to make sure that Christmas period is used to bring people to Christ and establish their faith. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BORDERLESS: Between Poverty Alleviation And Wealth Creation Last Thursday, the World Bank stated that the number of the poor in Nigeria would increase by between 15 and 20 million over the next two years as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The World Bank country director in Nigeria, Shubhan Chaudhuri, who said this during the presentation of a report, Nigeria Development POLITICAL ANALYSIS: Nigeria, The Drifting Ship What has gone wrong with Nigeria? One of Nigeria’s greatest contributions to the literary world, the late Professor Chinua Achebe, endeavoured to provide an insightful answer to the teaser. In his classic 333-page book aptly entitled: There was a country, he wrote: “Most members of my generation, who were born before ‘Nigeria In Dire Need Of Restructuring And Ideological Rebirth’ We are very much like in a war situation even though we often shy away from admitting it. We live in denial on many issues and, as far as food production is concerned and being unable to feed the population, five factors are responsible. First, the weather has not been as favourable as required… [FULL STORY] Outrage Greets Abduction Of Katsina Schoolboys There was outrage across the country on Saturday as reports of the kidnap of an unspecified number of students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State spread, bringing back memories of a similar incident in Chibok, Borno State in… FLICKERS: For How Much Longer Can Nigeria Endure Buhari? Two anecdotes, told by keynote speaker, Professor Adeolu Akande last week Wednesday, at a congregation of lawyers, drew the graph of the gripping state of the Nigerian union, in the most spellbinding manner. Two other narratives which strengthened his argument, came in the form of news stories which dominated the media during the same week. The first anecdote by Akande, Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission… VOICE OF COURAGE: …ICC Light On Nigeria THE festering evil in Nigeria has been going on as if it has the whole world under its feet and that no one would call it to question. Human life has become much worthless than those of cows under it and much consequences are at stake for toying with the life of those precious animals in this our  country… Yoruba: Put On Your Thinking Cap I found the piece published here today a compelling read. Titled “The Chinese and Fulani Only Need Patience with Yoruba over South-west Nigeria”, it was authored by my “egbon”, Dr. Babafemi A. Badejo. Please enjoy it! “On December 6, 2020, Aderinwa was on my mind as I played golf at the Sadique Baba Abubakar… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided