Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has said he would not hesitate to lock down the state if the cases of COVID-19 keeps on rising. He expressed his worries when he was hinted that the state has been recording 30 per cent increase now on A daily basis in the last two months. To this end, the governor directed that all employees of the state government must undergo a mandatory COVID-19 test as part of efforts to contain the spread of the virus in the state. “I will impose a second lockdown of the entire state if the rate of infections continues to rise,” he declared. The Governor disclosed this on Wednesday when he was hosting the former Minister of State for Health, Idi Hong, in Government House, Kaduna. El-Rufai also lamented that many residents of the state had refused to abide by all the COVID-19 protocols as stipulated by the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). El-Rufai also cautioned residents ahead of the Christmas festivities to avoid large gatherings and adhere to other safety measures that will prevent them from contracting COVID-19 during and after the festivities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket… COVID-19: Kaduna governor threatens another lockdown, directs civil servants to do compulsory test SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided