LAGOS Deep Offshore Logistic Base (LADOL) has renewed its International Organisation Standardisation, ISO  45001:2018, 14001:2015 and 9001 certifications. In 2018, LADOL became the first company in West and North Africa to be 45001 and 14001 certified. ISO 9001 is a quality standard, ISO 45001:2018 is for Occupational Health and Safety, while 14001:2015 is for Environment Management Systems. In a statement issued by the company, Amy Jadesimi, LADOL Managing Director was quoted as saying that, “I couldn’t be prouder to have the privilege of leading the LADOL team. 2020 has been a tough year, but throughout our staff have shown dedication and an impressive work ethic. We have all worked unbelievably hard, but even as the struggle continues, we remain strong and undeterred because we know we have the knowledge, ability and tools to keep pushing through and exceeding local and global expectations. “The audit process is not a tick the box exercise for us, it is an opportunity to demonstrate and improve how we operate. Compliance to these global standards helped us build a rock solid foundation for LADOL. A foundation on which we continuously improve and build every day, every week, and every year for the past two decades and for many more decades to come – a big thank you to all our staff and stakeholders.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided