Gunmen suspected to be hired killers in the early hours of Friday invaded the palace of the traditional ruler of Isinigbo, Oba Samuel Fadahunsi, in Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State, setting the palace ablaze, killing two people during the attack. It was gathered that assailants shot a brother of the monarch who later died at the hospital while the driver of the traditional ruler was burnt inside the vehicle while trying to escape from the scene. The 100 years old monarch who was also said to be trapped in the inferno was rescued by the residents of the community and rushed to the hospital after chasing the gunmen away. It was gathered that two of the suspected gunmen who hailed from Kogi state were arrested by men of the 32 Artillery Brigade Owena cantonment. A source within the community confirmed that the two suspects who were caught with live ammunition had confessed that they were hired to come to Ondo state from Kogi. The two suspects identified as Fatai Ali aged 25 and Onu Adejo aged 27 had been handed over to the Ondo State Police for further investigation. It will be recalled that the two communities of Ode and Isinigbo had been at war over a land dispute which led to the setting of the palace of the Ajagunode of Ode community, Oba Adewale Boboye, on fire last week. Oba Boboye had to fled the community with his family by scaling the fence and relocated to a town within the state. According to Boboye, who traced the genesis of the crisis between the two communities to the court judgement on his favour over the ownership of land between the two communities. Oba Boboye said he secured a court judgement in 2017 that a large portion of land sold by Isinigbo belonged to him but had to settle for a peaceful resolution by asking those who have developed their lands to pay N100,000 while those who have not to develop their lands to pay N150,000 which the parties agreed to, against the initial N600,000 he demanded. But the Secretary of Isinigbo community, Mr Rotimi Adeleye, said there were threats of attacks on Isinigbo but said the people of the community never took it seriously until the gunmen invaded the community in the early hours of Friday. Adeleye denied any agreement between the monarch of Ode and the people Isinigbo and expressed shock over the attack and killing of the two people. He, however, said the traditional ruler of Isinigbo, Oba Fadahunsi was responding to treatment at an undisclosed hospital. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Tee -Leo Ikoro, who confirmed the incident, said two people were killed during the attack. He confirmed that that the driver to the monarch was burnt by the gunmen while they shot one of the traditional ruler’s brother. He, however, said some arrest had been made and the command had commenced an investigation into the matter. Meanwhile, following the escalation of violent clashes between Ode and Isinigbo communities, the state government has imposed a 24-hour curfew on both communities with immediate effect. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by the state Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Donald Ojogo, who said the step was taken to douse the tension in the two communities. Ojogo stated in the statement that “Aside approving this action, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, has equally ordered a massive manhunt for perpetrators of the despicable violence just as investigations are already on to unravel the real cause(s) of same. “With respect to the curfew, security agencies have been directed to ensure total compliance with the order. “For emphasis, both Ode and Isinigbo communities have been closed down for any unauthorised human movement and activity until further notice.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Gunmen attack palace  Gunmen attack palace 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Gunmen attack palace  Gunmen attack palace NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided