The Federal Government through the office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), Princess Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire, has assured that the development focus of the President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration will reach all the 774 local governments in the country. The Presidential aide advised the government of Ekiti State to use the opportunity provided by the SDGs programmes to bring radical development to all the Local Government Areas. Orelope-Adefulire stated this during the inauguration and handing over of the 2018 Sustainable Development Goals-Conditional Grants Scheme (SDGs-CGS) Projects in the four Local Government Areas in the state. The SDGs boss explained that Ekiti South West, Ijero, Moba and Oye council areas were the benefiting Local governments for the implementation of 2018 SDGs-CGS to State Projects/Programmes. She said the Project which was counterpart funded under the 2018 SDGs -CGS was focused on two thematic areas of the SDGs namely; Health and Education including Water and Sanitation which is goal 6. ALSO READ: Buhari hails Nigerians’, labour’s restraint, understanding over economic woes Orelope-Adefulire explained that “About 65 projects involving new construction and upgrading of existing facilities had been executed in schools and health centres across the four local governments selected to benefit from the 2018 SDGs-CGS Projects. “Ambulances, recreational facilities and medical equipment were also procured by SDGs to improve medical facilities and make schools attractive and conducive for learning.” The Senior Special Assistant to the President on SDG said, “the resources from all tiers of government to achieve this national policy objective that will deliver on the change agenda for sustainable Social economic development should be guided jealously.” The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, who was represented by his Chief of Staff and Chairman SDGs Implementation Committee, Biodun Omoleye in his welcome address congratulated the local governments and communities that benefited from 2018 SDGs-CGS projects and programs in the state. He said that it is a rear privilege bestowed on their communities by the Federal and State Governments for sitting such important projects in their towns. Omoleye explained that in line with the Concept of Conditional Grants Scheme (CGS) Projects, the principal of Sustainability of the Projects is key to the functionality, durability and elongation of the life span of the projects. He also advised the Chairmen of benefiting local governments and other officials of the councils to create a maintenance budget for all the SDGs projects within their local government. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    FG targets 774 LGAs for national development policy SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided