Kano State Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has cursed and prayed Allah to punish all the unidentified gunmen who allegedly killed 16 indigenes of Dambatta Local Government Area of Kano State. The 16 persons were reportedly attacked while travelling on Abuja-Kaduna highway. According to a statement signed and issued by Chief Press Secretary to the Governor of Kano State, Comrade Abba Anwar, on behalf of the state governor said, “We were shocked over the bad news of the death of 16 Dambatta indigenes on Abuja-Kaduna highway.” He said the news was devastating and frustrating. However, while commiserating with families of the deceased, the people of Dambatta local government, and the people of Kano State, Ganduje said, “May Allah accept their martyrdom and may He punish all the perpetrators of this heinous act. There is nothing more shocking than this.” He urged people to pray fervently for the reposed souls. “May Allah give their families the fortitude to bear the great loss.” “On behalf of the government and people of Kano state, I am condoling with the families of the deceased and the people of Dambatta local government, over this tragedy. May Allah forgive all their wrongdoings and reward their good deeds,” he prayed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided