THE Herald of His Peace and Mercy Foundation (HEPMEF), a non-governmental organisation (NGO) has registered 62 more widows and empowered them. The event held at The Gospel Faith Mission International (GOFAMINT), Glory Centre, Amuda, Ibadan, Oyo State, recently marked the second anniversary of the foundation and also coincided with the 50th birthday of the founder, Dr (Mrs) Olubunmi Falade. Present at the event were Evangelist (Dr) E. O. Falade, the grand patron; Mrs Dele Olunusi, the guest speaker and Mrs Igein Ronke, a representative of the Oyo State Ministry of Women Affairs. There was also medical point manned by Pastor (Dr) Gbenga Otunla. At the event, a cash grant of N10,000 was given to each of the five of the widows already registered with the association. Relief packages containing Ankara fabric, rice, garri, wheat and semovita were given to 50 widows at the event. Speaking on behalf of the widows, three women, Mrs Foluke Alabi, Mrs Majekodunmi Sade and Mrs Osunlola Iyabo, lauded the organisation for the gesture and spoke of its impact on their lives and well-being. Speaking, founder of HEPMEF, Dr (Mrs) Falade, thanked everyone present and promised that HEPMEF would henceforth celebrate its day yearly. In her keynote address, the guest speaker, who is also a widow, implored those at the event not to allow grief to kill their dreams. Citing the example of Ruth, she told them that they could achieve their dreams in their widowhood. Representative from the Oyo State Ministry of Women Affairs also told them that they should not hesitate to speak out and seek governments help via the ministry against interfering family members. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided