The military intelligence operatives working under the auspices of Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) have arrested suspects in connection with the killing of a District Head in Atyap Chiefdom of Zangon Kataf local government. The District Head of Gidan Zaki, Mr Haruna Kuye and his son, Destiny Kuye were killed in their residence at Gidan Zaki on 17th November 2020, while his wife and daughter were injured by the assailants. In an update on the security situation in the state issued by the Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan on Friday disclosed that the latest operations report by the military disclosed that its operatives have tracked and arrested two suspects. According to the report, Goma Maisamari and Daniel Maisamari (alias Umma) were arrested at Kampani Amawa village of Zangon Kataf local government area. Other persons suspected of involvement are still on the run. In another development, the two children, Rebecca Andrew and Clement Andrew, who were missing after the counter-killing of 30th November 2020, at Ungwan Bido in Jema’a local government area have been found. The Chairman of Jema’a local government, Hon. Peter Danjuma Averik has confirmed the recovery of the two minors. Governor Nasir El-Rufai commended the military for the progress in investigating the killing of Mr Haruna Kuye and urged security to sustain the tempo by apprehending the suspects that at still at large. The Governor also expressed his delight at the recovery of the two children that were missing in Ungwan Bido. Security agencies are maintaining ground and air patrols on the Kaduna-Abuja Road which stretches to Kachia, Chikun and Kagarko local government areas. Similar patrols are being conducted on the Kaduna-Kachia Road and in locations in Igabi, Birnin Gwari and Giwa local government areas. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: CBN Lists Business Activities Eligible For N75bn Youth Investment Fund THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has revealed main business activities and sectors in the Nigerian economy that are eligible to access its N75 billion Youth Investment Fund…Two arrested over killing  Two arrested over killing #EndSARS: Fr Mbaka Asks Buhari, Past Leaders To Apologise To Nigerians Controversial Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, has taken a swipe at President Muhammadu Buhari and past leaders of the country demanding that the President should apologize to the country, especially the youth, on behalf of himself and his predecessors, for causing Nigerians so much pain…Two arrested over killing  Two arrested over killing NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided