Security guard of Tybato petroleum oil, Moniya, Ibadan, simply identified as Semiu, was found hacked to death by yet-to-be-identified persons on Saturday morning. Residents of the area, close to Moniya car park, woke up to see Semiu in pool of his own blood at the wheel alignment section within the filling station. A stick with blood stains apparently used to hit the late Semiu was found close to where the corpse lay. With hands on their heads, lamenting, some residents said Semiu may have been killed by boys who were on some operation in the area. When asked for confirmation of incident, Oyo State Police Public Relations Officer, Gbenga Fadeyi said there were no details yet. Meanwhile, the Oyo state police command, on Saturday morning, confirmed the killing of Chief Executive Officer, Kunfayakun Green Treasures Limited, Fatai Aborode. Aborode, a farmer and former house of representatives candidate on the platform of Accord Party, was robbed and shot dead on Friday evening along Apodun road, Igangan by four unknown gunmen. He later died at Olugbon hospital, Igboora, where he was rushed to. While confirming the incident, Oyo Police Public Relations Officer, Gbenga Fadeyi, said effort was on to arrest the assailants. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Filling station security guard  Filling station security guard 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Filling station security guard  Filling station security guard NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided