THE meeting between the Federal Government and the Organised Labour would be reconvened on Monday, 7 December to allow the government side do a wide-ranged consultation on the possibility of reversing the current pump price of fuel, as requested by the organized labour. Minister for Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, disclosed this following the inconclusive meeting held last Thursday night between the Federal Government and Labour on the recent increases in the pump price of petrol and the electricity tariff. Ngige said the last meeting agreed to let the government side consult with their principal and every relevant authority on the request of labour. According to him, “the message from the organised labour is clear. They want a reversal of the pump price of PMS. The parties have agreed to let the government side consult their principal on that. We will consult the President, Minister of Petroleum, and the Economic Management Team.” The  Minister noted that though it was no longer the responsibility of the government to fix the pump price of PMS, as it had been deregulated, the matter still fell within the realm of the economy. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided