Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo; Senior Special Assistance (SSA) to the President of Millennium Development Goals (MDG), Honourable (Mrs) Adejoke Adefulure; Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu and his Osun State counterpart, Governor Gboyega Oyetola, will grace the 30th inter-denominational Nine Lessons and Christmas Carol Service 2020 of the Cherubim and Seraphim Movement Church, Surulere District Headquarters, Ayo Ni O. Other dignitaries that will attend the event include, publisher, Oviation International, Chief Dele Momodu and Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Mudasiru Obasa. According to the chairman of the committee of the event, Evangelist Akin Ekundayo, the theme of the event is ‘Peace to the World’, and it will take place on December 18, from 3:00pm at the Main Church Sanctuary in Lagos, popularly known as ‘Baba Fakeye Church’. Ekundayo noted that arrangement has been concluded for the 30th edition of the Christmas carol as a memorable event, just as he promised that the event promises to be a master piece as captains of industries and dignitaries from the corporate world and their Christian counterparts from various denominations will grace the event. The Iyaloja General of Nigeria, Chief (Mrs) Folashade Tinubu-Ojo and market men and women from across Lagos State will also grace the event. The chief host is the Leader/District Chairman and Church Leader Special Apostle Prophet (Dr) Sunday .F. Korede. Tribune Churchnews also gathered that the event will feature various musicals, drama, choreography and dance groups within and outside the church as the carol service will usher in Christmas celebration for Christians globally. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided