As part of continuous efforts to deliver seamless user experience, Paxful, a global peer-to-peer crypto marketplace, has introduced Carbon as one of the payment methods to its platform. The addition will enable users to apply for loans, invest, view credit reports and track expenses. The partnership will allow Paxful users on the Carbon platform to make payments within the app, while Carbon customers can now dive into the cryptocurrency space and buy, sell, invest digital assets, or hedge their funds against inflation via the crypto on-ramp. Paxful boasts over 300 payment options on the platform, and Carbon becomes a welcome addition that will help more users in Nigeria and Kenya on board the crypto train. “The addition of Carbon to the Paxful platform is truly exciting as we strive to provide fair financial opportunities for everyone. We keep expanding our list of payment methods to give Africans better access to financial services, and adding Carbon is an important step. Our users now have access to quick credit with low-interest rates without the need for guarantors or collaterals. The platform also provides high yield investment opportunities, plus a fee-free and interest-earning wallet,” said Mr Ray Youssef, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Paxful. Carbon (previously Paylater), is a digital bank that provides access to cheaper and more efficient financial services. It offers a zero-fee account, instant loans, free money transfers, savings & investments options at market-leading rates, and simplifies payments like airtime and bill payments. Users can also check their credit history across national financial institutions, as well as track and manage personal finances to have full control of their spending habits. “Carbon is always seeking new opportunities to provide innovative services to our customers and with the rising adoption of cryptocurrency across the continent, we have decided to partner with Paxful who is one of the biggest players in the market. We see similarities in both companies in our obsession to satisfy our customers through innovation and this partnership is sure to bring delightful new opportunities to our customers,” said Mr Chijioke Dozie, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Carbon. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided