Oluwabunmi Oduwole-Akpabio, wife of late Bright Akpabio on Wednesday called on Nigerians to desist from further donating towards late Bright Akpabio’s medical treatment. The news of late Akpabio’s illness started circulating over the social media late November when his friends had opened a GoFundMe (https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-john-bright?teamInvite=xOZG5q1QtPa7sB1rTWOe9eH7XKCX2ovZdHonIEyTyGGq1MUxFwIKfpi0jy4yTURF) account on his behalf to solicit funding for his medical treatment. In a statement issued and personally signed by her, Mrs Oduwole-Akpabio explained that the deceased, a 40-year-old father of two, was diagnosed with Lymphoma and admitted to the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, Lagos State. According to her, the need to help the deceased to get better treatment led to the soliciting of funds. But the deceased had reportedly died on December 3, 2020, due to complications. However, the wife lamented that a few days after his demise online scammers had started using his pictures to dupe unsuspecting members of the public. “We put up a GoFundMe page for him so that he can get proper care. Together with this, my account number Oduwole Oluwabunmi 2093313012 UBA was also uploaded with pictures of him on the sick bed and a 1minute 48secs video to clear all doubts, but he died on 3rd, December. “But to our utmost surprise, our attention was drawn to several accounts using my late husband’s pictures to dupe unsuspecting Nigerians using different names and account details. “We want to seize this opportunity to urge and warn Nigerians not to fall prey into the hands of these dubious individuals. We are no longer soliciting funds for his treatment because he is unfortunately dead. While the pain of his death remains fresh in our hearts, we appeal to Nigerians to please ignore any account saying otherwise. “We, however, thank all well-meaning Nigerians for their show of love, prayers and donations. Thank you all and God bless you,” the statement read. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided