TWO foreigners, a Camerounian and Beninois, who attempted to sit for the recruitment test into Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) on Monday were apprehended, and after interrogation handed over to Assistant Comptroller-General of NIS for further action. The recruitment examination was conducted by the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Nationwide on Monday. Director, Press and Public Relations of Ministry of Interior, Mr Mohammed Manga, in a statement in Abuja said according to reports reaching the ministry at the Ilupeju Centre of the exercise, some officers of the ministry who were monitoring the Computer-Based Test (CBT) exercise, screened out the two foreigners, a Camerounian and Beninois. “They have therefore been interrogated, profiled and referred to ACG zone A for further action,” Manga said. Meanwhile, in continuation of his stakeholders engagement activities in Osun State, the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola made a surprise stop over to inspect the ongoing Computer-Based Aptitude Test for recruitment into the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS) and Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), with a view to having an on-the-spot assessment of the exercise. Speaking on the exercise which was holding at the JAMB CBT Centre in Hollaram Educational Centre, Akure, Ondo State, the minister said the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration was fully committed to ensuring transperacy in the recruitment process of the services under the Ministry of Interior. According to him, “With the introduction of the computer-based aptitude test innovation, the era of stampede and pandemonium during recruitment exercises has been completely wiped out.” He stated further that “there is now an assurance of confidence, credibility, equity and integrity in the process on the part of both the examiners and applicants.” Aregbesola, who stated further that scripts would solely be marked and graded by the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB), added that there would therefore be no ‘hanky panky’ in the exercise as “eagle eye” officers have been deployed all over the centres across the country to monitor the exercise. Speaking earlier, the Deputy Director, JAMB, Ondo State, Mr Babatunde Bamisaye Benjamin commended the innovation introduced by the present administration in the recruitment exercise of the Services under the Ministry of Interior. While noting that COVID-19 guidelines and protocols are being closely observed as advised by relevant authorities, he stated further that with the involvement of the reputable body, credibility is assured for the exercise which has been divided into three segments of 750 candidates made up of 250 candidates per segment. Also speaking, a candidate for Nigeria Immigration Service CBT examination, Mr Akimoladun Tolulope, applauded the innovation introduced by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Administration as it would ensure that merit is given a chance in the recruitment of candidates into the Service. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided