The Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU) has condemned persistent low budgetary allocations to the education sector, holding this responsible for the dilapidated structures and continued crises in the sector. Rising from its regular NEC meeting held in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory, NASU observed with deep concern that over the years, the government has failed to adequately fund the education sector. This very important issue is one of the outcomes after the NEC had received addresses and reports from its various organs and deliberated on them as they relate to the social and economic well-being of NASU members in education, research and health sectors and the nation at large. In a communique issued after the meeting, “the NEC condemned in strong terms the 7.05 per cent budgetary allocation to education in 2019 and 6.7 per cent in the 2020 Federal Government annual budget, which are inadequate from the 26 per cent UNESCO recommended budgetary allocation to education.” The communique, signed by the President of NASU, Comrade Makolo Hassan and the General Secretary, Prince Peters Adeyemi, however, acknowledged the sum of N40 billion recently ceded to the revitalization in the university system by the Federal Government. The communique read: “NEC further noted the intervention of TETFund in the release of N1 billion each to 12 universities in the six geo-political zones. “NEC noted with dismay the complete neglect of the Polytechnics and Colleges of Education sectors in these interventions despite the fact that needs assessment has been concluded in these sectors and the reports released. “NEC therefore called on the Federal Government to, as a matter of urgency, improve on the budgetary allocation to the education sector and also implement the white paper for the needs assessments in the Polytechnics and Colleges of Education.”     The Union also noted that the funding level of teaching/specialist hospitals and research institutes is grossly inadequate and called on the Federal Government to live up to its responsibilities by adequately funding these institutions. On the protracted issue of Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the NEC-in-session noted with dismay the haphazard implementation of IPPIS in the universities and Inter-University Centres, Polytechnics and Colleges of Education since February, 2020. The communique said: “NEC observed that contrary to the assurances given by the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation prior to the enrolment of staff of the Universities and Inter-University Centres, Polytechnics and Colleges of Education into the scheme that, IPPIS will ensure convenient and prompt payment of staff remunerations with minimal wastages and ensure efficiency in service delivery, the experience of the Federal Universities and Inter-University Centres, Federal Polytechnics and Federal Colleges of Education since the implementation of IPPIS in February 2020 showed that the scheme is fraught with noticeable shortcomings. “The noticeable shortcomings include non-payment of salaries to some staff, underpayment of salaries, non-payment of approved allowances, non-payment of promotion arrears, non-deduction of welfare scheme, high taxation, delay in payment of salaries, under-remittance and non-remittance of check-off dues to NASU among others. “NEC expressed dismay that, despite all that the union has done including a 14-day warning strike and a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed with Government on October 20, 2020, where the Director of IPPIS was directed to ensure that all these anomalies are corrected within two weeks and a special committee headed by the Chairman of National Salaries, Incomes and Wages Commission (NSIWC) was set up, have failed to yield the desired result. “NEC therefore called on the Office of the Accountant-General of the Federation to urgently redress these shortcomings falling which NASU may embark on full-blown strike in the Universities and Inter-University Centres, Polytechnics and Colleges of Education.” On the issue of earned allowance, it read: “NEC-in-session observed that one of the most contentious issues in the Universities and Inter-University Centres today is the payment of the outstanding earned allowance to the staff of the Universities and Inter-University Centres. “NEC further noted that what the Federal Government has been doing since 2012 is to release a token to the non-teaching staff to share from what is ceded to another group within the system. “NEC, however, cautioned that this time around, if in the next release of the earned allowance, NASU members are shortchanged as it was in 2017 and 2018, the union will have no choice than to embark on appropriate legitimate action which will guarantee fairness, justice and equity in the sharing of whatever is allocated as earned allowance.” NEC-in-session further expressed concern over the unilateral stoppage of the renegotiation of the years 2009 and 2010 FGN/NASU Agreement in the Universities and Inter-University Centres, Polytechnics and Colleges of Education by the Federal Government renegotiation teams. NEC noted that these agreements were subject to review after every three years and are overdue for renegotiation; adding, “this is unhealthy for the sustenance of industrial peace and uninterrupted academic calendar in our tertiary institutions.” The NEC, therefore, called on the Federal Government through the Office of the  Minister of Education to prevail on the renegotiation committees to conclude the renegotiation in the various sectors and submit their report to the Federal Government for immediate implementation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter… USElection2020: Is It Trump Or Biden? THE United States election between Republican and current President Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden takes place today, November 3rd and is on course to witness the highest turnout in a century with more than 95 million people already cast their ballots in early voting…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided