Residents of Iwo in Osun State on Monday razed the house of a vulcanizer following the discovery of six fresh human heads and a decomposed body of an unidentified woman in his premises. The vulcanizer identified as Monsuru resides at Yemoja area of the town. The incident which occurred on Monday evening was said to have stunned residents of the community. An angry mob, mostly youths reportedly mobilized and set the house ablaze. The vulcanizer, however, escaped being lynched by the irate mob during a prompt intervention by the police. Tribune Online gathered that the alleged ritualist has been operating the den for six years. Eyewitness account further revealed that the police got to know about the incident following a tip-off from the people living around the vicinity. A police officer who preferred anonymity told our reporter that it was the tip-off of people living around the area that led them to the scene. He, however, assured that police would get to the root of the matter. Calls put across to the state police command public relations officer did not go through as at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided