Nigeria’s leading lottery company, Western Lotto Nigeria Limited, has been named as “the Gaming Company of the Year.” The honour was given to the company at the Nigerian Business Leadership Awards (NBLA) held at the weekend in Lagos. According to Business Day newspapers, the organisers of the awards, Western Lotto won the award “because of the company’s track record as a leading provider of bookmaking, online and offline – a move which effectively disrupted the gaming space. “Secondly, is the impressive performance of Western Lotto Nigeria Limited from inception in 2017 to the current position today as a foremost lottery company in Nigeria. It has leveraged on technology and innovation to consistently raise the bar in the gaming industry in Nigeria. “Finally, Western Lotto Nigeria Limited’s commitment to national development in the promotion of transparency, corporate governance and revenue generation for the Federal Government and all stakeholders through the gaming industry has not gone unnoticed.” While receiving the award on behalf of the company, the Executive Director, Sales & Business Development, Mr Olawale Bello, said it was a befitting gift to the memory of the chief promoter of the company, the late Senator Buruji Kashamu. “We thank the organisers of this award, BusinessDay newspapers, for the honour. We do not take it for granted. For us, it is a call to the service of Nigerians, Africans and humanity in general through the promotion of good causes, responsible gaming, accountability and corporate governance. “As a going concern, we see this award as a befitting gift to the memory and salutary efforts of the chief promoter of Western Lotto, the late Senator Buruji Kashamu, who gave his all to revolutionise the gaming industry in Nigeria and beyond,” Bello said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Infections Surge Again As Nigeria Records Highest Weekly Cases In Four Months Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 3,817 new COVID-19 infections which is the highest the country has recorded in over four months, Tribune Online analysis shows… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided