Two unidentified middle-aged women suspected to be kidnappers were on Thursday burnt to death by an angry mob in Iwo, Osun State while attempting to kidnap some kids around Ori-eru area of the town. The suspected kidnappers who waited several hours to perpetrate their inhuman act were reportedly arrested by the residents of the area who caught them red-handed in the process of kidnapping some schoolchildren. Tribune Online investigations revealed that it was the intervention of the passersby who responded promptly to the outcries of the children that saved them from being kidnapped. An eyewitness told Tribune Online that the three suspects had wanted to escape but two of them were arrested by other residents. The informed sources who identified himself as Tajudeen Salawu told our reporter that, “one of them who is a male, however, escaped while those apprehended said to be led to the palace of Oluwo with severe beating before they were directed to be taken to the police station for proper action.” However, according to him, while on their way to the station, the irate mob set two of them ablaze at the junction adjacent the former branch office of Wema Bank, along Oja Ale in the town. Speaking with newsmen on the development, the state police commissioner, CP Undie Adie confirmed the incident but frowned at jungle justice meted on the kidnappers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided