A fatal auto crash along Asaba/Kwale Expressway, Delta State has reportedly left five persons dead and scores injured. The accident, as gathered late Sunday, occurred close to Ossisa, Ndokwa East Local Government Area of the state. A witness, Joshua Nduka, told journalists that the accident occurred when a Mazda vehicle coming from the Kwale axis of the road had a head-on collision with a Toyota Hiace bus belonging to a popular transport company in the state. The source said a diversion on the road due to ongoing construction, had forced commuters going to and from Asaba to take one way. Though the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, could not immediately confirm the crash when contacted late Sunday. The Deputy Sector Commander and Head of Operations, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Delta State Command, Mr Bakare Fatai Adesina, was quoted as saying through a text that: “They called me from the call centre in Abuja about it. But I did not confirm the number of casualties.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided