Founder and Senior Pastor of the God of Possibilities Theological Seminary, Lokoja, Kogi State, Prophet (Dr) Stephen Adehuwa (JP), has received the honorary Doctor of Excellence in Leadership and Humanitarian Services of the Global Socio-Economic and Financial Evolution Network (GSFEN), an affiliate of the United Nations, Asian University International, University of Pelita, American Albanian Academy of Sciences and Arts, USA. The representative of GSFEN and its affiliate, Professor Blessing Lawal, stated that the award was conferred on Prophet Adehuwa based on his outstanding performance in leadership, peace, humanitarian actions and community development in the past years in the northern part of the country. While he encouraged the audience to keep giving their very best toward national peace and development, Lawal charged Adehuwa and other awardees not to rest on their oars by continuing to give their best to humanity. Also at the event, Prophet Adeniyi Olusola was given the honorary Doctor of Excellence in Leadership and Humanitarian Services, while Pastor Olusola Emmanuel and Prophetess Promise Stephen were appointed GSFEN Ambassadors of Peace. According to Professor Lawal, the awardees have joined over 700 ambassadors of GSFEN in 90 countries around the globe. Dignitaries present at the award ceremony included a Senior Special Assistant to the  Kogi State governor, Honourable Benjamin Atomode; General Chairman, Northern Zone, Atunbi Jesu K & S,  Reverend (Dr) Gbenga Emmanuel (JP) and Evangelist Amos Adeyemi (Alade Ogo). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BORDERLESS: Between Poverty Alleviation And Wealth Creation Last Thursday, the World Bank stated that the number of the poor in Nigeria would increase by between 15 and 20 million over the next two years as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The World Bank country director in Nigeria, Shubhan Chaudhuri, who said this during the presentation of a report, Nigeria Development POLITICAL ANALYSIS: Nigeria, The Drifting Ship What has gone wrong with Nigeria? One of Nigeria’s greatest contributions to the literary world, the late Professor Chinua Achebe, endeavoured to provide an insightful answer to the teaser. In his classic 333-page book aptly entitled: There was a country, he wrote: “Most members of my generation, who were born before ‘Nigeria In Dire Need Of Restructuring And Ideological Rebirth’ We are very much like in a war situation even though we often shy away from admitting it. We live in denial on many issues and, as far as food production is concerned and being unable to feed the population, five factors are responsible. First, the weather has not been as favourable as required… [FULL STORY] Outrage Greets Abduction Of Katsina Schoolboys There was outrage across the country on Saturday as reports of the kidnap of an unspecified number of students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State spread, bringing back memories of a similar incident in Chibok, Borno State in… FLICKERS: For How Much Longer Can Nigeria Endure Buhari? Two anecdotes, told by keynote speaker, Professor Adeolu Akande last week Wednesday, at a congregation of lawyers, drew the graph of the gripping state of the Nigerian union, in the most spellbinding manner. Two other narratives which strengthened his argument, came in the form of news stories which dominated the media during the same week. The first anecdote by Akande, Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission… VOICE OF COURAGE: …ICC Light On Nigeria THE festering evil in Nigeria has been going on as if it has the whole world under its feet and that no one would call it to question. Human life has become much worthless than those of cows under it and much consequences are at stake for toying with the life of those precious animals in this our  country… Yoruba: Put On Your Thinking Cap I found the piece published here today a compelling read. Titled “The Chinese and Fulani Only Need Patience with Yoruba over South-west Nigeria”, it was authored by my “egbon”, Dr. Babafemi A. Badejo. Please enjoy it! “On December 6, 2020, Aderinwa was on my mind as I played golf at the Sadique Baba Abubakar… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided