Managing Director, Jaiz Bank Plc, Hassan Usman, said the Bank’s e-channels and technology are sufficient enough to capture all intending pilgrims to Hajj under the new Savings Scheme. Speaking at the launch and sensitisation of the Hajj Savings Scheme in Lokoja, Kogi State, Hassan said the Bank has invested in technology by deploying various platforms and agent banking to be able to capture all the intending pilgrims with ease. Represented by the Divisional Head, Corporate Services, Mallam Ismaila Adamu, he said the bank is fully prepared for the hitch-free take-off of the scheme in the state and country in general. Usman noted the bank has 40 branches available nationwide in addition to the electronic platforms to capture the Hajj savers, adding that with such a scheme in place, intending pilgrims that do not have the wherewithal can gradually plan and actualize their dreams without stress. He commended the stakeholders in Kogi for their prompt response and commitment toward a successful implementation of the scheme in the state. ALSO READ: Timi of Ede stresses need for rural community development Also speaking, Chairman, National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON), Alhaji Zikirullah Kunle Hassan, said the Commission in collaboration with various State Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Boards can leverage on the scheme to have the liquid funds required to effectively plan for Hajj operations early, thereby securing better bargain for accommodation and other services for their pilgrims. Hassan who was represented by Imam Ahmad Sa’ad commended Kogi Muslims Community for always being responsive in meeting the obligations of Hajj from the Commission while enumerating the benefit of the scheme. Chairman of the Kogi State Hajj Commission, Sheik Abdullah Lukman, explained that the scheme will allow Muslim Ummah to prepare ahead of time, by making gradual deposits through Jaiz Bank plc, as part of the reforms in the Hajj system in the country. He said the new scheme is more accessible and in the long run, will bring down the cost of Hajj for Nigerian Muslims through proper planning, as well as investment in Shari’a compliant instruments by Jaiz Bank, where the saver will be earning profit in return. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided