The Anambra State Chapter of Ohaneze Ndigbo, says it remains resolute to seeing a Nigerian President of Igbo extraction come 2023 elections. The Organisation stated this when the executive members of Ohaneze Ndigbo in Anambra State paid a courtesy visit to the National Chairman of All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Chief Victor Oye, at his residence in Amawbia, Anambra State, on Thursday. The group, led by it State Chairman, Chief Damian Okeke-Ogene, said that an Igbo President has become long overdue, noting that the visit to the APGA National Chairman was to solicit for his support in making the dream a reality. Okeke-Ogene also noted that the working relationship between the group and Anambra State Government has been mutually successful, commending Governor Willie Obiano for carrying the group along in all socio-political affairs of the state. Responding, the National Chairman of APGA, Chief Victor Oye, noted that the struggle for an Igbo President is a collective enterprise that Ndi Igbo must unitedly work for, adding that before an Igbo President could be produced, all Igbo national unions must show a genuine interest to the course. He said that the first step to achieving the dream is to form a formidable political force that would represent and fight for the Igbo cause, and also called for a wider consultation among major Igbo stakeholders. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… 2023: Ohaneze restates commitment to Igbo presidency We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… 2023: Ohaneze restates commitment to Igbo presidency SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided