The queen of the Ughelli kingdom, Queen Rachael Wilson Ojakovo Oharisi III and her police orderly, Monday, escaped death by the whiskers as gunmen waylaid their vehicle and shot the cop in the hand. It was gathered that the assailants, who were dressed in police camouflage, ambushed the duo in front of the palace along Isoko Road in Ughelli, headquarters of Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State at about 4:00 p.m. The queen was said to be returning from a bank where she had gone for a financial transaction when she was waylaid at the palace and her police orderly, Inspector Bello Chinye, said to be attached to the palace, was shot in the hand. “From the information made available to us, the gunmen who were dressed in police camouflage cardigan double-crossed the car conveying the queen and ordered the driver to open the door and come down. “While the driver was questioning the gunmen what he might have done thinking they were policemen, a police inspector on guard at the palace came to the scene and tried to know what was going on. “It was at this point that the gunmen, upon sighting the policeman, opened fire on him and in the hand. It was during the melee that ensued that the queen also ran into the palace for safety while the hoodlums quickly fled the scene,” a source, who witnessed the incident, narrated. Following insinuations that it was a kidnap attempt on the queen, a security source from the Ughelli Police Area Command, however, debunked the narrative, saying it was a random armed robbery incident. When contacted, the Ughelli monarch, HRM Wilson Ojakovo Oharisi III, confirmed the incident, reiterating that his police orderly was shot in his right hand during the foiled attack. According to him, the entire kingdom would have been thrown into a mourning mood if not for the love of God for his kingdom. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided