IN the face of challenges the year 2020 has brought on work model which had caused more people to work from home than in-office, human resource professionals have been admonished on new ways to approach the management and support of their workforce within the context of a new way of conducting work. [ICYM] Why we deployed armed officers to Lekki Toll Gate – Police Human Resource Director, Microsoft Middle East & Africa Emerging Markets, Siwar Zein, in a paper titled: “The Workforce is Changing and HR Practitioners Must Change with it” noted that motivation building, maintaining team engagement and now, more importantly, demonstrating inclusive practises in day-to-day engagements as they navigate the hybrid workplace, will be key areas that HR professional would need to collaborate and support people managers in organisations. She stated further that:” Employees also need greater support as remote models can lead to an increased or decreased workload, a push for productivity that can lead to burnout and increased anxiety. “Remote work can have a significant impact on an employee’s wellbeing if the correct systems aren’t in place to help them adjust to this new environment and find balance as they experience a blur between the work and home environment while also handling household responsibilities in a constantly connected space. Essentially, there is no clear break  between work and personal time in  the way we experience it when packing up and leaving the office to go home.” Speaking on leveraging technology and science to provide a new layer of intelligence to explore behavioural patterns and to provide insights that will help organisations understand and support employees and the business in new ways,  Zein said:”I believe that workplace analytics will be key to enabling this. Each person has their own unique needs, circumstances and ways of working and HR departments are increasingly being called upon to take charge and design best practices that work for and are tailored to each individual. “Insights  from platforms such as Microsoft’s MyAnalytics give employees the opportunity to analyse their own work style, from  who they collaborate with most regularly to how much uninterrupted time they have to focus.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided