The Ayetoro-Gbedde Development Association (AGDA)/Ayetoro-Gbedde Traditional Council on Saturday queried the military authorities over claims that late Major General Olubunmi Irefin died of COVID-19 complications. Irefin who was the serving general officer commanding 6 Division was attending the Chief of Army Staff conference in Abuja, which opened on Monday. In a statement issued by Aminu Abdulahi Adeyemi, AGDA/ Ayetoro Gbede traditional council, wondered that since the incubation period of COVID-19 is two weeks after which the victim will start to show symptoms like high fever, severe headache etc, Irefin should not have died so soon. “We should not forget that General Olubunmi Irefin was in Ayetoro-Gbede two weeks ago for the burial ceremony of his late mother. “During the brief period of his stay at home, he was full of life, and, observers agree that every movement of his, was with military precision. “Suddenly, a signal came to him from Abuja to attend Chief of Army Staff Conference which started last Monday (7th December, 2020). We did not hear of his illness until the sad news came to us on 10th December, 2020 that the General died of COVID -19; and the the sudden rush for his burial today, 12th December, 2020.” Aminu said even if the symptoms mentioned above manifested in the late army general, COVID-19 has not been known to kill instantly. “At the advance age of 80 years, the former Chief of Staff to the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, late Abba Kyari, battled COVID -19 for weeks before he died. “Common logic should tell us that General Irefin at a younger age, even if it is true that he contacted COVID-19 should be able to battle it for longer period of time. “Except there is COVID-20 which we doubt, COVID-19 does not kill itS victims in three days.” The community also expressed dissatisfaction in what it described as the sudden haste in the burial of the General by the military authority. “Not until convincing answers are provided by the military authority for the above questions, the Ayetoro-Gbede community will not be happy with the military establishment over the reason they claimed was responsible for the death of our son, General Olu Irefin.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Kinsmen query military claim  Kinsmen query military claim 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Kinsmen query military claim  Kinsmen query military claim NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided