It was an evening of tradition, pomp and ceremony as the Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, on Tuesday, formally unveiled his new son, Prince Adesoji Aderemi, at his palace in Ile Ife, Osun State. It would be recalled that the Ooni of Ife on November 18 announced the birth of his son with his wife, Olori Naomi Silekunola Ogunwusi, after two years of marriage, saying both the mother and child were in good condition. According to tradition of the ancient town, the Ooni is forbidden from setting his eyes on his new child for 21 days and since the child was born until he was also given names, he has not set his eyes on the newborn. However, the 21 days of not seeing a new child for the monarch ended on Tuesday as he, for the first time, set his eyes on the child who was named Taniadewo, Adesoji, Aderemi, names of a former Ooni of Ife, Oba Adesoji Aderemi. It was pomp and ceremony laced with tradition as the Ooni carried his new child for the first time at the Ile Oodua Palace with his chief press secretary, Moses Olafare, posting the video of the ceremony on his Facebook wall. The monarch sat in the frontage of one of the buildings in the palace with the mother of the child sitting among other women in the palace while guests and some chiefs paid homage to the new child to the admiration of the king. Some traditional calabashes were placed on the floor, palm fronts were put on some of the entrances while both the king, the mother of the child and the child himself were adorned in white attire. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another increase. Tribune Online analysis also shows that the 1,607 new confirmed cases are higher than those recorded the previous week (November 29 – December 5) where the country recorded 1,102 cases… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… PHOTOS: After 21 days of his birth, Ooni of Ife unveils new son SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided