The notorious Boko Haram terrorists have released an audio message claiming that they are responsible for the recent abduction of secondary schools boys in Kankara in Katsina State. The voice message had the leader of the group, Abubakar Shekau saying his members were responsible for the abduction of the school children. According to BBC, France 24 and Al Jazeera reports, the voice message was released three days after over 500 students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in Katsina State were taken captive. “I am Abubakar Shekau and our brothers are behind the kidnapping in Katsina,” said the Boko Haram leader, according to the Aljazeera report. The BBC report disclosed that the state government had earlier hinted that bandits were responsible for the abduction and they have contacted the government. The report also quoted the state governor, Aminu Masari to have told President Muhammadu Buhari that his government is in talks with the bandits. “He also briefed the president on the efforts being made by his government and security operatives to rescue the kidnapped students,” the report stated. However, with the new twist of events, the BBC report said a new dimension has been introduced in the kidnap saga. When BBC Hausa contacted Bulama Bukarti to comment on the Boko Haram claim, he said he was not surprised if Boko Haram claimed responsibility. According to him, the leader of the group had once said his group will  spread its tentacles across the Northern region, saying, “So, if it is confirmed they claim responsibility, is something they can do.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided