Rampaging suspected cultists have killed one person, injured scores and razed houses in Oteri community, Ughelli, Delta State. The community it was learnt on Tuesday, is licking its wounds after the rampaging cultists left in their wake a tale of blood, sorrow and tears with no fewer than four buildings burnt. The incident, it was gathered, occurred on Sunday, November 29, 2020, at about 6:50 pm. It was gathered that trouble started when one Oghenero Oke, also known as Last Card, was shot and killed by a group of gunmen believed to be members of Aye confraternity. The victim, who is a member of Mafia confraternity and also an indigene of the community, was said to have had an altercation with one Elohor over the relationship he had with Elohor’s elder sister which had turned sour. Although reasons for the carnage were still sketchy, the house and shop belonging to the parents of Elohor were one of the houses reportedly burnt down. It will be recalled that members of the Aye confraternity have been in a sustained battle with the Aro Baggers confraternity. Meanwhile, efforts were said to be ongoing by the leadership of the community to fish out the perpetrators who are currently at large. The corpse of the deceased has been reportedly deposited at the Central Hospital mortuary in Ughelli, while those with severe injuries are said to be receiving treatment at one Ufor Hospital. As of the time of filing this report, the fear of possible reprisals has heightened in the community as security operatives patrol the community. Confirming the incident, Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), confirmed the incident but added that no house was burnt. Oteri community is the country home of the immediate past secretary to the Delta State Government (SSG), Festus Ovie Agas. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided