The recently launched Cross River State security outfit, Operation “Akpakwu”, has arrested sizeable number of kidnappers who have been terrorising the residents of Calabar, the state capital. In its latest operations, Operation “Akpakwu” arrested notorious kidnapper, Etim Etim Bassey and members of his gang members, who were nabbed on Tuesday in Calabar South axis of the capital following intelligence report. The outfit, same day, also arrested another set of daredevil kidnappers around Mary Slessor Roundabout in the metropolis. The new security outfit launched last week by Governor Ben Ayade has the mandate to rid the state of kidnappers and other criminals elements. Tribune Online gathered that the suspected kidnappers had emerged from a vehicle, violently sized a middle-aged man waiting for a taxi by the roadside and zoomed off with him in high speed. However, the Operation “Akpakwu” patrol team stationed nearby gave the kidnappers a hot chase, prompting them to abandon their victim in their get away car opposite the Cross River State Ministry of Information and fled to the adjacent Spar Shopping Mall where they mixed with genuine shoppers. But determined to smoke them out, operatives of Operation “Akpakwu” cordoned off the shopping mall and eventually arrested all the suspects. In a related development, the security agents attached to Operation “Akpakwu” have commenced a house to house search for kidnappers and other criminal elements in Calabar. Supporting the house to house search, the state government urged the residents to cooperate and show understanding as the outfit embarked on stop and search operations. A statement issued Tuesday evening by the Special Adviser to Governor Ayade on Media and Publicity, Christian Ita, explained that the exercise was aimed at “rooting criminal elements out of the state.” Ayade had while launching the security outfit, declared war on the kidnappers and other criminals in the state, asking them to relocate from Cross River, especially, Calabar, or face the wrath of his government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided