The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) on Sunday midnight revealed that it’s men have intercepted 73 locally manufactured guns concealed under Bags of rice along Yauri, Zamare waterside in Kebbi State, Nigeria. In a statement issued Sunday midnight by the NCS Spokesman, DC Joseph Attah, the Service stated that three persons have been arrested in connection with the illegal seizure. According to the statement, “Officers of the Nigeria Customs Service, Federal Operation Unit Zone B, on information patrol along Yauri, Zamare waterside in Kebbi State, intercepted a truck loaded with locally produced rice with some sacks concealed under the rice. “Upon careful examination, the bags were found to contain 73 locally manufactured guns and 891 cartridges. Three persons were immediately arrested and are being detained while the preliminary investigation is ongoing. “Controller of FOU, Zone B, Hamisu Albashir describes the feat as a signal to all those who may be planning to bring any harmful item into the country through the Zone B. “He called on members of the public, especially, border community dwellers to provide credible information  for effective border security.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Owu People Do Not Steal ― Obasanjo Former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday affirmed that Owu people are industrious and enterprising and nobody from the kingdom could be accused of stealing… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Why People Fail To Prepare And Fail In Life The life of Meriwether Lewis shows a truth about preparation: spectacular achievement comes from unspectacular preparation… 2023: We Did Not Endorse Tinubu ― Council Of Ulamas Kano State Council of Ulamas has debunked the claim that the lslamic body has endorsed Bola Ahmed Tinubu for the 2023 presidential ticket…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided