A medical expert, Professor Philip Olatunji says tertiary hospitals in the country should be allowed to benefit from the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) since these hospitals operate in the three levels of health care and are limited by poor funding. Professor Olatunji, in his valedictory lecture entitled “Gown in Town: The Demeaning of the Ivory Tower” at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital, (OOUTH), Sagamu, Ogun State, said that poor funding had limited the hospitals. According to him, the Federal Government could also consider allocating a percentage to tertiary health care, using the principle of TETFund to ensure these hospitals continue to run. Olatunji, a professor of haematology, said no part of the basic healthcare provision fund established by the National Health Act 2014 is allocated to tertiary healthcare because of the erroneous belief that only a percentage of individuals require tertiary care. “Anybody familiar with our tertiary hospitals will know that they operate in the three levels of healthcare, from primary to tertiary. When an individual, rich or poor, needs tertiary care due to trauma, systemic diseases or cancer, there is no substitute for tertiary care. Besides, the failure of our tertiary health system is the main reason for growing medical tourism with its foreign exchange implications,” he said. The don, noting that poor funding and facility deficit had placed severe limitations on research effort, said without continuous learning, research and global interactions, the expectation of national development through universities will remain a mirage. He declared that the intrusion of ethnicity, religion, politics, corruption and immorality had prevented developments emanating from Nigeria’s ivory towers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided