The Nigerian Army on Thursday announced that the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, would not be able to personally attend to or receive guests during the wedding ceremony of his son, Hamisu Buratai, scheduled to hold on Friday, December 11. This may not be unconnected with the directive by the military authorities which directed all its senior officers and other participants at this year’s Chief of Army Staff Conference held in Abuja where a senior officer was said to have tested positive for COVID-19. According to a statement by the acting Director of Army Public Relations, due to the situation and the resurgence of the pandemic in the FCT, the officers, including the Chief of Army Staff, are expected to proceed on self isolation. The statement said as a result of the development and due to the resurgence of the pandemic at the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), the Chief of Army Staff will not be able to personally attend to, receive, or meet guests at the event. The statement added that all the participants at the Chief of Army Staff conference are not expected to be at the wedding ceremony because of the incident that happened at the conference. According to the statement: “The Chief of Army Staff, on behalf of his family, feels honoured to sincerely appreciate, thank and welcome all dignitaries and invited guests to his son’s wedding slated for Friday, December 11 “However, due to the resurgence of the pandemic in the FCT, Buratai will be unable to personally attend to, receive, or meet you at the event. All inconveniences are hereby regretted please.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided