The Nigeria Society of Physiotherapists (NSP) has called for a revisit of the Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act of 2018 and increased access to public physical structures for persons with disabilities, particularly when visiting government-owned buildings. NSP’s president, Dr Nnenna Nina Chigbo, in a press release to commemorate the International Day of Persons With Disabilities, expressed dismay at the poor compliance of public physical structures. Dr Chigbo stated that poor access to road transportation, sea, air and rail modes of commuting and their respective ports and park for persons with disability, as dictated by the Parts III and IV of the 2018 discrimination act had deprived them of a high degree of participation, inclusion and integration within society. She stated that ensuring an improvement in the quality of life of persons with disabilities would also require that the Part V Section 21 of the 2018 discrimination act that stipulates persons with disability access free healthcare, including physiotherapy, be enforced. Dr Chigbo asked that all tiers of government in the country pay attention to the level of unemployment among persons with disabilities which is based on discrimination and lack of respect for their rights as well as employers’ ignorance on how to match the level of functional ability with job description and requirements. According to her, NSP is dedicated to ensuring that Nigeria does well in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals especially goal 10, which strives to reduce inequality within and among countries by empowering and promoting the social, economic and political inclusion of all, including persons with disabilities. She declared NSP’s readiness to collaborate with the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) to design, produce and issue accessibility insignia to PWD as well as improve the ease of access into public buildings with appropriate aids or supports such as suitable ramps, ramps height and gradients and seats around buildings needed by physically challenged individuals. “We can also participate in and encourage the design of wheelchairs that are made for rough and difficult terrains to motivate Persons with Disabilities to seek their rights,” she added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Why We Can’t Call Off Strike Now –ASUU It is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as the president of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi has said there are certain steps to be taken to reach a final conclusion on the issue… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided