As Christians commemorate the birth of Jesus Christ, members of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria known as Shia, Nasarawa State branch visited one of the largest denomination in Lafia the state capital to show their solidarity with its Christian population. The prayer session was held at the Evangelical Reformed Church of Christ (ERCC), Graceland Lafia, Nasarawa State. Leader of the Islamic group, Mallam Muhammad Amin submitted that they were at the church to pray for the healing of the country and Nasarawa State in particular as well as rejoice with Christians on the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. Mallam Amin noted that the birth of Jesus Christ was significant to mankind hence the need for them to rejoice together in love as enshrined in the Holy books adding that the two major religions believe that Jesus Christ is the true Messiah. “We are today worshipping here with our Christians brothers and sister to Strengthens the bond of unity, oneness and to pray for the healing and forgiveness of our country and Nasarawa in particular.” Also speaking, Mallama Zainab Mohammed said there is no discrimination in worshipping God hence the need for people to tolerate one another irrespective of their belief. Senior Pastor in charge of the Church, Reverend Habila Anthony had earlier announced the presence of the Shia members maintaining that the visit of the Muslims was genuine and urged the members not to panic. Rev. Habila Anthony described the visit by the Islamic Movement of Nigeria to the church as a sign of unity and love that both religions preach. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Muslims visit church  Muslims visit church 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Muslims visit church  Muslims visit church NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided