Lagos State government under the auspices of the Empowerment Programme of the Women Affairs and Poverty Alleviation Ministry, on Thursday, presented a total of 1,050 Lagosians with various items, including hairdryers, pepper grinding machines, generating sets, sewing machines, popcorn production machines, clippers, sterilising sets and generators. Governor Sanwo-Olu, while making the presentation, restated the commitment of the administration to provide succour to citizens especially in the face of daunting challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. This was just as he noted that the world is going through significant challenges at this time and thus making assistance to the vulnerable citizens critical. The governor represented by his deputy, Dr Kadri Obafemi Hamzat, acknowledged the contribution of women to the society, stating also that the administration would continue to focus on women by providing methodologies for their advancement. “This mega empowerment programme for women and indigent citizens in our state is a step in line to fulfilling one of the many promises made to Lagosians at the inception of this Administration. One of which is to alleviate poverty in our state through empowerment programmes targeted at people in the low-income bracket,” he said. The governor, while describing the programme as “effective and pragmatic approach” to empower women for economic independence and self-reliance, said women were a powerful agent of change in view of the massive role they played as home builders and change-makers, and, therefore, the state government’s relentless commitment to ensuring that their rights were protected and given equal opportunity to thrive. ALSO READ: Our decision to implement Park Management System paying off ― Makinde “Women are a powerful agent of change in view of the massive role they play as home builders and change-makers, hence, our relentless commitment to ensuring that the rights of our women are protected and given equal opportunity to thrive,” Sanwo-Olu said. He, therefore, urged the beneficiaries to utilise the various items provided in order to make them self reliant. The State Commissioner for Women Affairs and Poverty Alleviation, Hon Cecilia Bolaji Dada, noted that the need to confront poverty and ensure economic growth informed the empowerment programme which focused on women majorly. The commissioner described the empowerment as available to all citizens who needed it without consideration for the tribe, gender, religion or political affiliation, adding that trainees of the various vocational centres who were unable to raise capital for take-off were targeted. Dada further stated the commitment of her ministry to sustainably reduce poverty through the R8 Vocational Centres in the state offering training in 20 vocations. In a message to the occasion, the First Lady represented by the wife of the Attorney General, Mrs Olabisi Onigbanjo, urged beneficiaries to utilise the equipment so as to become self-reliant. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    Lagos empowers 1,050 indigent Lagosians SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! ATTENTION!!! 1200+ Nigerian men reported this Herb Helped Them With A Stronger And Harder Erection And The Ability To Satisfy Your Woman As Long As You Desire. Click Here To Get It Now Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided