Susan Akporaiye, first deputy national president of the National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies (NANTA) and now presidential aspirant for the next dispensation, come March 2020, like Martins Luther King Jr’s celebrated speech, said that she has a game-changing dream for NANTA that transcends membership. Akporaiye, who was in Lagos on Tuesday, told media men that her wealth of experience in the travel and tourism industry, coupled with the insight garnered while serving the association under three presidents are the motivation for contesting for the position president of NANTA at the elective annual general meeting. The presidential aspirant, who for the time being is the only one in the race, said that her first port of reference is to make continuity her watch word, because it is the bedrock of a sustainable association. Said “for the fact that the association has existed for over four decades shows that the efforts of the past excos in consolidating on what they met on ground have really paid off, and I will not only consolidate, but also open new frontiers that will position members through training and opportunities to boost members’ businesses. “We are coming on board with open mind that we can push our position and get results without threatening our sector and the wellbeing of our members. We shall listen more, and where our members are convinced that we can put pressure, we shall not hesitate to positively engage. “We shall also protect the airlines from fly-by-night operators even from the members who may be tempted to test the will-power of the association to sanction acts unbecoming of registered operator(s). How Tambuwal retained his victory  at Supreme Court… Akesan market fire: NASFAT donates N1m to affected members ‘Discrimination against Muslim women in hijab must stop’ Insecurity is becoming alarming —Chief Imam of Lagos “We shall engage selected agencies ‘managers who run the day to day operations of successful industry businesses to share experience on how to make life better for those who work or may wish to make career out of the sector. “We shall do zonal hall meetings to capture the deep feelings of our members on any given issue. We shall also be pragmatic, responsive and clinical in our approach to creating enabling environment for NANTA members.” In her modest way to keep all and sundry abreast of the association’s books, Akporaiye said she would document out efforts, and where we need to change direction and approach, such shall be done in the most democratic manner. “We shall regularly publish our financial statements, budget our developmental effort from mere yearly social gatherings.” On capacity build for members, she said aggressive training and retraining for members would form the nucleus of her agenda,” she added. She also spoke on plans to upgrade every zone to an enviable level where leaderships of every zone will be encouraged to embrace sustainable projects that will impact on members than the former practice of merely holding meetings, paying dues and levies. Some of the Team Susan 2020 supporters and aspirants in attendance were the managing director of HEC travel agency limited, Ihe Chima James, who is going for the position of 2nd deputy national president, the managing director, Aeroport Travel &Tours, Oludayo Taiwo, who is going for the position of publicity secretary, Lagos, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE