Security challenges have continued to deteriorate with the growing distrust among the government and Nigerians who have expressed dissatisfaction and disappointment with the way government responds to the killings in the country. The recent massacre of thirty stranded motorists and passengers in Auno village of Borno State is very sad and frightening. While Nigerians were mourning the death of innocent travellers in Borno, another sad story of killings by armed bandits filtered through; it was reported that, a family of 16 were locked up and burned to ashes in a village in Giwa Local Government area of Kaduna State by suspected bandits. The incessant killings have become a daily occurrence in the country. The frequent attacks by bandits and Boko Haram have indicated that the insecurity is not yet over. It is also proved there is no end in sight of the horrific killings in the land. The persistent attacks on defenceless Nigerians have raised several questions on whether the primary function of government which is the protection of lives and properties has been achieved or not? In the last decade, the country has not known peace; it has turned into Golgotha where lives are being crucified with impunity. Sadly, what Nigerians continue to hear from the constituted authorities is that Boko Haram has been technically defeated or the government is on top of the security situation. Do politicians deserve honour? Minimum wage: NLC charges Kogi workers to remain resolute FG wants gender issues addressed in workplace Nigeria must work at double speed to attain UHC — Sambo These assurances from government officials have failed to stem the tide of killings in the country. No wonder, there have been calls from different angles that the president should sack his service chiefs. Nigerians are worried on the resurgence in killings and the supersonic speed with which the murderers carry out their attacks. The carrot and stick approach to insecurity has yielded no desirable result. However, the sudden demand for community policing in the country is a knock on our security system failures. There is agitation for the establishment of regional and states security outfits to checkmate the rise of insecurity in the country. Before Nigerians get killed completely, the government should swiftly move and contain it. Ibrahim Mustapha Pambegua, Kaduna state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.