What does music mean to you? Music means life to me because I was born for it. Music makes me happy and also turns all my bad days to good. So, I feel relieved when I sing and rap, as it motivates me a lot. I cannot just live without music.  Why and when did you venture into music? I actually discovered my talent when I was just 8 years old. There was this particular Thursday evening, I was in the kitchen doing some chores, then I used the chores I was doing to compose some rap lines, and I had to listen to myself again to be sure of what I just did. I was then like, wow really, it was really cool. Then I started building up myself until recently, when I met my boss (Lissa) and I got signed to IEL Records in October last year. Since then, I have been to several shows, done a lot of trainings and I have met a lot of people I never knew I could ever meet in the music industry.  What was growing up like for you, talking about your background? This particular question reminds me of a lot of things I have been through in life. Well, highlighting it, I would say, I’m a product of grace. Growing up for me wasn’t cool actually, because I am not from a rich background. To eat at a time was a problem, every parent wants the best for his children that was actually the case of my parents too, they never wanted me to suffer though, but it wasn’t their fault as things were hard. I used to be an apprentice at a mechanic shop, just to feed myself and even the family. At times, I had to trek about 10 kilometers everyday to work with just garri in my stomach and I’d have to walk same way back home at night. I never thought I’d go to the university, because things were really rough then, despite the fact that I was actually a vibrant student in secondary school. I was even the senior prefect of my school, which was a government school. But thank God for grace, I am a student at Ekiti State University now. It’s all by God’s grace though, big thanks to Dmoe (YBNL Fireboy’s younger brother), he had time to give me a lot of motivational talks. More of this on my first single this year, entitled Story, which I’ll be dropping soon and also ‘Hustle spirit’ which I dropped last year with my label mate – Whizguy.  Who did you grow up listening to? FIRS, multinationals set for war over $10bn annual tax leak Police recruiting volunteers into IGP’s security initiative… We didn’t endorse Ajimobi as deputy national chairman… Why I won’t interfere in Ganduje, Sanusi rift —Buhari (Smiles) I will say Olamide, then I also take pleasure in listening to Ola Dips. Talking about the new artists in the industry now, I have much love for Fireboy DML and Lyta. Their songs get me on a lot.  Why do you think your type of music is unique and will shake the industry? Because I believe I’m unique, and I have the passion. Plus, I have something different to give out because every of my songs come with a massage. I make sure my songs motivate and touch people’s spirit and soul. This is why I believe my kind of music will shake everywhere, because it is rare to get a rapper who speaks to the heart with his lyrics. Probably in the past, we have had a few that gave that though, but my music will surely make a difference.  Where do you see yourself in the next five years? Well, by God’s grace, in the next five years, I want to be on the headlines every day, every where, on every platform. I want to make people proud of me, especially my parents, siblings and my boss, Lissa.  Any artiste or producer you dream of collaborating with? Yes, Olamide and Young John.  Your source of inspiration. When I work out, I get my inspiration. Also, when I spend time with my boss, I’m just always inspired. His way of life inspires me a lot, giving up is the last word in his dictionary as that’s my way too now. That has helped in doing things I felt were difficult, but came out easy thereafter. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.