There is no way back for suspended management of the Oke-Ogun Polytechnic, Saki as the Oyo State government, on Wednesday, announced that the embattled management stands sacked. Oyo State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye made this announcement at the end of the state executive council meeting, held at governor’s office, Ibadan. Olaleye hinged the decision on findings that the appointment of the sacked management was irregular and that there might have been misappropriation and misapplication of the institution’s funds. He added that the government would launch an audit of the accounts of the institution to pin names against fraud such that anyone found culpable will be made to refund such monies. It will be recalled that in 2019, the governing council of the institution had suspended Rector of the institution and some principal officers over allegations of fraudulent practices and gross misconduct, pending the final determination of the investigation. Also aimed at salvaging the Oke-Ogun polytechnic from crisis, Olaleye added that the state government will reconstitute the governing council of the institution. “The suspended management of that institution will have to go permanently because the council found their appointments to be irregular. We didn’t collect bribe to confirm LG Chairmen in… Reps to standardise safety, environmental management to… Appointment of perm secs’ll now be based on… Scientists discover new mysterious virus in Brazil “The account of the polytechnic will be audited and those found to have inappropriately spent the money of the school, either by collecting imprest that should not be collected or spending money in a way that is found to be irregular, will be made to refund the money. ALSO READ: FG to commence rehabilitation of PH refinery “The governing council of the polytechnic will have to be reconstituted and at every time, we have the expiration of the tenure of that council, a new one must be reconstituted within three months so that we don’t have a repeat of the current situation,” Olaleye said. He further pointed out that the state government had also examined the issues plaguing the Ibarapa polytechnic, Eruwa, and will speedily implement decisions reached by council to salvage the institutions. In addressing the existence of factions among butchers’ unions, state Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism, Dr Wasiu Olatunbosun has announced the proscription of all butchers’ unions by the state government indefinitely. Olatunbosun, who made this known while speaking with journalists after the executive council meeting, added the proscription was to forestall continued crisis among the butchers’ unions and address difficulties in implementing the regime of centralization at the central abattoir. As a temporary measure to forestall threatening breakdown of law and order, Olatunbosun also said the state government will appoint coordinators to oversee the central abattoir located in Amosun, Akinyele local government area of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.