The Lagos lagoon is more than 50 kilometers long and three to 13 km wide. It is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by long stretch of sand to five kilometers wide, which has swampy margins on the lagoon side. Its surface area is approximately 6,354.7sq km. However, the mega is naturally gifted with what it takes to compete with the waterbased countries and destinations making wave on the world chart of tourism, but the seriousness to make this happen has not been fully achieved because there is no encouraging incentives to lure the private sector couple with unstable policy. Notwithstanding, there are fewer industry stakeholders leveraging on a low and average scale to explore few kilometers of the coastline while a long stretch remains untapped. But there is a ray of hope for the best use of the patchily tapped Lagos coastline for the benefit of the tourism value chain in the mega city with the recent investment by the Solution Media And Infotech Limited owners of the Hi-Impact Cruise, a state-of-the-art cruise line fashioned to give cruise lovers an entertainment on the sea. The luxury, automated roof-top yacht is a three-level sophisticated piece, with an exclusive presidential lounge where thrill is at its peak. The yacht will cruise round the Lagos waters on a four-hour non-stop extra-ordinary fun. The cruise line is also a place for exceptional relaxation and impeccable atmosphere for team conferences and corporate dinners, destination weddings, birthdays and club parties, among others. Speaking with journalists during a facility tour of the cruiseline, the Chairman of Solution Media And Infotech Limited owners of the Hi-Impact Cruise, Prince Adeyanju Lipede said, “Hi-Impact Cruise is another arm of our business which is brought in to encourage Nigerians to stay at home by not travelling out of the country to cruise. “We made sure that all the facilities you need in terms of cruise are onboard. Hospitality and entertainment are at its best to compete with international standards, and all that you go out there to get are here.” He said that the ship, with the customised name, EUGENE1 is a passenger ship built in Turkey in 2017 and acquired in 2019, and will be ready to commence operations during this year’s Easter celebration. ‘My dream for NANTA transcend beyond membership’ How Tambuwal retained his victory  at Supreme Court… Akesan market fire: NASFAT donates N1m to affected members ‘Discrimination against Muslim women in hijab must stop’ “The ship is 39.15 metres long, 10 metres wide and 12 metres high, with 10-ton water capacity and 10,000-litre diesel capacity. “All safety mechanisms are in place, rescue boat, life jackets and all. “The cruise-line has a state-of-the-art ambience with capacity to accommodate audience range of 500, 700 and 1,000 depending on your choice of settings. It also has three floors and a penthouse-half floors for people’s viewing experience. Speaking on the kind of experience the Hi-Impact Cruise is set to give to cruise lovers, Prince Lipede said that they have factored in all it takes to give prospective cruise ship passengers a swell. “This edifice was brought in line with the state and federal government ideas of diversification and enhancing tourism development and revenue generation. With this, the number of people looking for foreign exchange to go for cruise trips outside the country will reduce. Also with this, those who can no longer afford travelling outside Nigeria will have the same exposure,” he said Lipede commended the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), Lagos State Waterways Authority (LASWA) and Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) for their support so far. He urged the Federal Government to consider creating an enabling environment for investors and give rebate to investors to enhance the ease of doing business policy. “Government needs to understand the multiplier effect of tourism on the nation’s economy and every tourism investor needs to be compensated with rebate,” he noted. He said that this initiative was in tune with the Federal Government and Lagos State Government’s plan to explore tourism as an alternative revenue source. “Some rebate should be enjoyed by investors to encourage us. What I am doing now is rubbing off on the country positively because we are beautifying our shores,” he added. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE