ACTING Head, Department of Health Promotion and Education at the University of Ibadan, Dr Oyediran Oyewole, has stressed the importance of increased investments and support for public health workforce to ensure Nigeria attains the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by 2030. Dr Oyewole, in a maiden edition lecture series of the Oyo State College of Health Science and Technology (OYSCHST), said this is important to ensuring healthy lives and promotion of healthy wellbeing for all at all ages, one of the goals of SDGs. Oyewole said although SDG goals and targets form a plan of action for people, planet and prosperity, 5 years into the timeframe, Nigeria is still lagging far behind. “If budget for health increases and focus is on health workers, then the SDG goals will be achieved. Still, the number of children under age 5 still dying is extremely high, with newborns accounting for a growing number of these deaths. “The SDG3 is to ensure healthy lives and promote wellbeing for all at all ages, so the focus is all people, and not the vulnerable groups- children, pregnant women and elderly people. It is about ending all preventable deaths and public health workers are central to creating awareness on ensuring this,” he said. Perpetrators can stop sexual harassment Nigeria gets 3 centers to test for coronavirus Vision will gradually worsen whether or not you wear glasses… Public Hearing on the Mental Health Bill: Glorious… Dr Oyewole said Nigeria’s low live expectancy is also a pointer to the gap to be filled by public health workers and asked that they should be resourceful, promote health products and services as well as create a connection between the vulnerable population and healthcare system. He also stressed the importance of culturally sensitive health education on topics related to chronic disease prevention, physical activity and nutrition. Oyo State Health Commissioner, Dr Bashir Bello said Nigeria, like other countries of the world, is faced with many disease of public health significance such as Lassa fever and coronavirus. Dr Bello, who spoke through the Director of Pharmaceutical Services, Ministry of Health, Mr B.B C. Akinwande, emphasised the role of middle-level health workforce trained in at the College to the health and wellbeing as well as increased life expectancy of Nigerians. Provost of OYSCHST, Mr Siji Ganiyu, said the theme of the lecture was chosen to ensure students from the college understand their roles in ensuring healthy lives and promoting wellbeing for all, at all ages. According to him, “as a college, we want to ensure that people are living healthy lives, we want to promote their well-being. We want to ensure that the target of SDG3 is addressed, given the mandate of the college.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.