Cristiano Ronaldo ages like a fine wine; the older he gets, the better he becomes. People had started doubting that by his mid-thirties he wouldn’t be performing. However, Ronaldo loves proving his doubters wrong, and he’s done fairly well in shutting them down again this season.  Ronaldo has been scoring left, right and centre ever since the turn of the year. He is on fire this season, and his fine goalscoring form has helped Juventus extend their lead at the top. As per all the reputed offline and online sportsbooks, including the likes of Betway and others, Ciro Immobile is the favourite to be the top scorer this year in the Serie A.  Race for top scorer With the arrival of Romelu Lukaku, Zlatan Ibrahimović and the impressive goal scoring run of Ciro Immobile, Ronaldo faces some competition for the best player in Italy. Immobile is leading the goal scoring chart with 25 goals to his name, that is 6 more than Ronaldo and 9 more than Romelu Lukaku. But having been named Serie A player of the month, Ronaldo looks set to be awarded the league’s top scorer come the end of the season. Ronaldo, despite playing lesser games than the other two has established himself as a serious contender for the Capocannoniere top scorer trophy.  ‘Why Nigeria may miss SDG targets by 2030’ Nigeria gets 3 centers to test for coronavirus Vision will gradually worsen whether or not you wear glasses… Public Hearing on the Mental Health Bill: Glorious… Serie A player of the month After a surprisingly slow start to the season, having scored just five in his first 10 league games, things didn’t look good for the remainder of the season. But ever since the draw against Sassuolo, Ronaldo has scored in all nine games that followed. He scored braces against Udinese, Parma and Fiorentina. He even scored a hattrick against Cagliari, his 56th for club and country, and earned himself the Serie A Player of the Month award for January. Setting goal scoring records Cristiano scored a brace against Fiorentina just a few days before his 35th birthday as Juventus won the game by 3-0. He converted two penalties, one in the first half and one in the second half. If he scores in his next two games, he’d match his career-best of scoring in 11 straight games, a feat he achieved back in his Real Madrid days. He has now scored against every active Serie A side that he has faced and has set quite a notable record. Ronaldo has scored 16 times in his last 23 games and despite turning 35 shows no signs of slowing down. On his way to the second Serie A title Ronaldo has helped Juventus cement their place at the top of the table and if he continues playing the way he has been, he’d be lifting his second Serie A title in his second season with the club. He’d love to add to his collection of Champions League trophies this year and would be hoping to replicate his goal scoring touch in the Champions League knockout rounds as well.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.