Three more members of the Ansaru terror group with links to the attempted kidnap of Emir of Potiskum and killing of some of the Emir’s escorts have been arrested by the Nigeria Police. The force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba, who stated this in a statement, added that the suspects were also involved in several other kidnap operations, attack on commuters and other citizens along major highways, especially in the North West and North Central. The suspects listed as Munkailu Liman Isah, Abdullahi Saminu and Aminu Usman, were arrested during sustained mop-up operations by police operatives at operational bases of the Ansaru Terrorists’ Group in Kuduru forest, Birnin-Gwari. ALSO READ: Lagos police arrests notorious Berry Boys’ Supreme Cult leader However, the police bemoaned findings that some citizens, especially those around the terrorists’ camps, were giving support to the terror groups by supplying them essential goods, drugs and other items. Ansaru terror group: 2 wanted terrorists, police inspector… We’ve neutralised over 250 bandits at ANSARU… Nigeria Police establishes National Institute for Police… Minister, IGP, partners to take police to next level The police said it was more imperative for Nigerians to collaborate with security agencies in its battle to flush out criminal elements in the nooks and crannies of the country rather than aid their operations. “This brings the number of persons arrested to eight (8). The suspects are already assisting Police investigators with useful information relating to the membership spread and make-up, criminal/operational records, logistics and general modus operandi of the terror group. “Preliminary investigation reveals that the arrested suspects were actively involved in the recent attack and attempted kidnap of the Emir of Potiskum that resulted in the gruesome killing of the Emir’s Police escorts. “They were also involved in several other kidnap operations and terror attacks on commuters and other innocent citizens along some major highways, especially in the North-West and North Central States of the country. “Unfortunately, investigation also reveals that some citizens, especially those within the business community, give tacit support to the terror groups by deliberately doing businesses with them through the supply of essential goods, drugs (licit/illicit) and other services. To this end, the IGP calls for patriotism amongst the people, noting that this is the only way the fight against the criminal elements can truly be won,” the statement read. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.