The House of Representatives, on Wednesday, urged Petroleum Technology Development Fund (PTDF) and other government agencies to suspend the presentation of National Identity Card policy as a precondition for the issuance of scholarship. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion of urgent public importance sponsored by Hon. Ben Igbakpa. In his lead debate, Hon. Igbakpa, who observed that the registration process of the national identity card is slow, burdensome and constraining, decried the challenges faced by Nigerians who applied for scholarships but are made to pay the price for the procedural failure of government agencies. While applauding the decision of Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) which suspended the same requirement for its examination process, Hon. Igbakpa argued that Nigerians can use other forms of identification and data management such as BVN or Driver’s license that can serve the same purpose if the need arises. To this end, Hon. Igbakpa called on Federal Government to also ensure more Nigerians are duly registered in the national identity scheme. ALSO READ: [UPDATE] Power: FG threatens to throw out DisCos Hon. Ahmadu Jaha stated that since most Nigerians haven’t been captured in the scheme, it was unfair to use it as a precondition for Nigerians enjoying the benefits and privileges from Nigerian agencies. He also decried the porous manner in which the identification scheme is being done, where people who come in through the porous borders can begin the process of getting the identification cards, this he said is also a security risk. Speaking against the motion, Hon. Uzoma Nkem-Abonta stated that the primary need to prove one’s citizenship of a nation makes it mandatory for individuals seeking scholarships in Nigeria to be verified as Nigerians. Nigeria must realise its potentials, Lumumba tasks National… Reps quiz Immigration over under-declaration of N11.2bn… Reps call for immediate completion of ILS installation at… Reps mull establishment of entrepreneurship bank He stated that while it is not right for the individuals to be denied their scholarships, there is a need to secure Nigeria should be of more importance. Also speaking, Hon. Toby Okechukwu, who argued that any nation without a strict citizen identity management system is a recipe for disaster, called for an investigation into why the identity management scheme has not been working optimally even when the required resources, means and funds are available. On his part, Minority Leader, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu, who frowned at the limited timeline given to the prospective candidates, warned that none of the applicants should be denied the privilege due to no clear fault of theirs, just as he urged PTDF to suspend the pre-condition due to the timeline. In the same vein, Hon. Ben Igbakpa, in exercising his right of reply, called for other verifiable forms of identification to be used for verifying the applicants. In his intervention, Hon. Onofiok Luke called for the harmonisation of all forms of existing individual data from banks, telecommunication firms and others when such requirements are needed to make the processes less cumbersome for Nigerians to meet such requirements. In his view, Hon. Ben Mzondu stressed the need to accept Local Government indigene certificate as alternative identification means to a national identity card. While speaking in support of the motion, Hon. Tolulope Akande-Sadipe expressed concern that Nigerians in the diaspora are being disenfranchised from being part of the identification process and urged the Commission to accommodate Nigerians living abroad too. On his part, Majority Chief Whip, Hon. Mohammed Tahir Monguno, also made a case for the internally displaced persons, that they too should also enjoy the right of being duly registered in the scheme. While venting his view, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, who presided over the plenary, argued that if it was the fault of the citizens not to be duly registered, they could be denied the scholarships. The Speaker, who wondered if a Nigerian be allowed to pursue the scholarship process without the identity card, or there should be a means of ensuring that those awarded the scholarships are truly Nigerian, however, warned that no Nigerian should be deprived of securing scholarship as a result of the process surrounding the issuing agency. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NAFDAC APPROVED JAMES BOND.