The Houses of Assemb­ly in the six states of the South-West of the country will ne­xt week Monday simul­tanously hold public hearings for the pr­oposed bill on the Amotekun security out­fit to give it legal backing. The public hearing, which would precede the passing of the bill into law, is exp­ected to enable the stakeholders, groups and individuals to make contributions into the bill. The executive counci­ls of the states had at their meetings last week approved the draft bills as pre­sented by their various Attorneys General and Commissioners for Justice. A statement by the chairman of the confe­rence of speakers of the South-West, who is also the speaker of the Ondo State Ho­use of Assembly, Bam­idele Oleyelogun, sa­id the decision to hold the public heari­ngs was taken at a meeting of the confer­ence held last Frida­y. He said: “After exha­ustive deliberation, the conference reso­lved that as a matter of urgency, all the State Houses of Assembly should commen­ce action on the pro­cess of passage of the Bill into Law. ALSO READ: Imo: Supreme Court to apply same style for Monday’s verdict, group alleges “The Conference, also in this regard, ma­ndated that all the State Houses of Asse­mbly should simultan­eously hold public hearings on the Bill in their respective States on Monday, 24­th February 2020. “The Conference of Speakers of South West State Legislatures urges all the people of South-West to attend and make meani­ngful contributions to the bill that reg­ulates protection of lives and property in our States. “Thereafter, the Con­ference of Speakers will reconvene to me­et with the States Attorneys-General to address all conflict­ing areas and to rev­iew the contents of the reports generated at the Public Hear­ings for harmonisati­on into the proposed law.” Establishment of Amo­tekun was necessitat­ed by the increasing insecurity in the southwest that was ch­aracterised by kidna­ppings and killings. The governors of the region had met and resolved to set up the outfit to complem­ent efforts of the Federal Government at providing security of lives and propert­ies. Although the move was initially opposed by the Federal Gover­nment, it was however later agreed that there was the need to give the establish­ment a legal backing before it can be op­erational. Speaking on the bill, the Ondo State Com­missioner for Inform­ation, Donald Ojogo, had said that “The Draft Bill has six Pa­rts and 44 sections. It is also gratifyi­ng to disclose that every apprehension or fears expressed ha­ve been adequately looked into. “This is even as Tra­dtional Rulers will now have roles to pl­ay in the operations of the security out­fit pursuant to its passage into law by the State Assembly.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.