The hopes of about 25 blinds persons were brightened by a cleric of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor-in-charge of Victory House Parish of The Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Ilaje Road, Bariga, Lagos State, Ayodeji Balogun, last Sunday. The event also featured the feeding of 500 people in the environs as part of the efforts to spread the vision of the church through its charity arm, His Love Foundation (HLF). The newly-inaugurated parish came alive when the church hosted the Bethesda Home of the Blind, Lagos and others from the church environs. After a performance of song ministration by the blinds, Balogun, alongside the officials of His Love Foundation, presented 25 laptops to the blind students in order to assist them in their educational pursuits. According to Pastor Balogun, the students would have lost the opportunity to further their education since they could not afford to buy the laptops which is a fundamental requirement for their studentship. “Nobody should be denied the opportunity to have quality education because of his or her disabilities. It is our hope that each person who is visually-impaired may experience the information age in a positive and productive manner. RevolutionNow: Sowore, Bakare’s trial resumes on Wednesday First Lady Aisha, Jonathan collaborate on women, girls… Queen’s grandson Peter Phillips confirms divorce with wife… ISMPH calls for collaboration in tackling acute malnutrition… “We believe technology opens new worlds and creates an opportunity for greater personal freedom. It is our belief that we have empowered them to further their education and have a much brighter future with this gesture. “The laptops are configured in “braille” to make them usable by the beneficiaries. This development is in line with the CSR focus of the RCCG which the General Overseer, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, taught us,” he added. The Special Assistant to The General Overseer on Christian Social Responsibility, Pastor Idowu Iluyomade, who was represented by Adetola Akinremi, said that HLF is on a mission to follow Jesus’s example of showing unconditional love to the poor and oppressed as well as bringing succour to the most vulnerable people in the society. “It makes us very proud that the blind students want to attempt to better themselves, hence we believe that the laptops donated by Pastor Deji Balogun will make a difference in the lives of the beneficiaries. RCCG has 20 daily feeding centres in Lagos where people who cannot afford decent meals are fed daily. In her remarks, the founder of Bethesda Home of the Blind, Mrs Chioma Ohakwe, said: “From our students reactions, you can see the joy. We are overwhelmed because a blind person going to any higher institution without a laptop is like a child going to school without pencil. So we are very happy and we pray to God to reward RCCG Victory House Parish abundantly. The mission of the school is to bring up visually-impaired young boys and girls to showcase the abilities in them.” One of the beneficiaries, Adeniran Temitope Joseph, a University of Lagos Education student, who spoke on behalf of others, said: “The laptop donation will make a difference to the future of so many of us and we want to thank RCCG for helping to transform our lives.”  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.