Continued from last week  The world is governed by and operates on words. Wars are started by words. Love is expressed greatly through words. Words are channels to express appreciation and hate. Words can build or destroy. Words are very important and if our lives will count we must learn to maximize the power of words. We must work towards making our words worth listening to. We must make our words to be longed for. We must make our words memorable. Our words will only be worth listening to if it has relevant and rich content. The expression of content is the attracting force that makes people want to listen to anybody. Nobody wants to waste his time listening to a person who is brandishing foolishness by his speech. To have content we must consciously go all out to feed our minds with the right materials. Our speech will always be a reflection of what we have fed our minds with. Like they say, garbage in, garbage out. We must be readers of good quality books. We must be hungry to learn the right things from the right source. In this day and age nobody has the excuse of ignorance – the internet is not just a place to display your photographs and repost fake and irrelevant stuff but a place to acquire knowledge. There is virtually no subject that you will not find something on the internet. As long as you have access to the internet you have access to unlimited information. If our speech will have content we must be avid readers and a people who are ready to learn. We cannot afford to feed our mind with junk and expect people to acclaim us when we speak. Anywhere we can build our mind must interest us- seminars, trainings, conferences, workshops etc. Though we have talented gospel musicians,  we still need… Naira Marley, Tiwa Savage, Sarkodie my  favourite  Afrobeat… Day Ogboni leader wanted to kill  Archbishop Idahosa —Obadan Multiple registrations, multiple identities We must learn to speak with authority. People will do virtually anything to listen to a man who is an authority in his field. Our speech in our chosen field must be regarded as definitive due to our expertise. Our words should be reference materials.  Our words must be so rich that people who listen to us will always want to make our words a guide and a standard. We must aspire to become experts in our chosen fields. We must work on ourselves to become a voice and not be an echo. Great words will only be the result of great thoughts. We must spend quality time to think through before we speak. Thoughtless words must never go out of our mouths. We must never be known as a people who speak frivolously. Cheap talk is definitely out of the question . . . gossip, slander, falsehood. Our words must be a reference point and subject of meaningful discourse. Our words must be a source of answers and solutions.  The time to make our words worth listening to is now. How great will it be if each of us is speakers worth listening to?  FOR ENQUIRIES/COMMENTS PLEASE SEND EMAIL TO charismokola@yahoo.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.