The chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), in Anambra state, has begun the process of mobilising and strategic plans to capture power from the ruling All Progressive Grand Alliance APGA, boosting that the party come 2021 governorship election in the state will possess it procession. The state Chairman of the party, Chief Ndubuisi Nwobu who spoke to newsmen on Saturday, shortly after handing over party’s registration booklets to 262 wards chairmen in the state at the PDP secretariat, said that the party was correcting all things that would hinder it from winning the next guber polls. He said the leadership was building the party so that every member will have a say on how the party is being run. ALSO READ: Gunmen abduct Law School student, others in Kogi He also said that the party in the state does not longer belong to one man, but belongs to the masses and everyone is being carried along. “PDP has been failing elections in the state since 2006 because some people believe that the party belongs to them. They write lists of those they want even against popular wish. Today leadership of the party is more focused and working towards being collective in every step it takes. No single person can claim ownership of the party again” he said. According to him, the leadership of the party will make sure it conducts one of the best primaries to select who becomes the party flag bearer at the 2021 governorship election, so that whoever that emerges as the party candidate, others will support him. “We are going to conduct a primary that is second to none so that anyone that fails will know that he failed honourably and he will join the party’s candidate to win the governorship election. We want to make sure that after the primaries, the losses will be convinced that there were no manipulations in the election process” he said. He said the registration booklets given to wards chairmen, was part of the party’s strategic plan to reposition it for the next election. Okada crisis: PDP blames Buhari for halting Lagos metro rail… Kogi PDP kicks against gov Bello’s N36bn loan 90 per cent Muslims comment: Apologise for your statement,… Lagos APC tackles Jimi Agbaje over comments on Okada, Keke… He maintains that PDP was strongly planning and strategising to take over leadership in the state and the process of taking over has begun. He said the party is in a better position now to give the Anambra people better leadership, given that the present government has woefully failed. “PDP wants to return the state to its great potential which the present All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA has destroyed. Anambra was one of the states in the country that had attended to their goals both locally and internationally, but since this government came to power, things went bad” he said. Speaking also at the party’s secretariat, one of the governorship aspirants, Dr. Obiora Okonkwo, said that division among members of the Party cost it defeat in the 2017 Governorship election in the state. “We must win the governorship poll in the state in 2021. We can’t afford to lose again. “Anambra is a PDP state from the inception of democracy in the country in 1999. We must possess our possession in 2021. “We will continue to fight to make our party better. “We must not toy with it, we must all be committed to making sure PDP win the race in 2021”he said Okonkwo urged members of the party to work hard to return to power in the state after 14 years of APGA rule, saying that anything short of victory in 2021 means waiting for another eight years. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.