Joyous faces of excited youths, parents, friends and well-wishers decorated the Nigerian Bar Association, Aare Afe Babalola Hall, Iyaganku, venue of the sixth graduation ceremony of beneficiaries of Human of Substance Empowerment Initiative (HOSEI) free six months vocational training on Thursday. For 100 youths and their families, the journey of six months into financial freedom just ended and the youths who were fresh school leavers six months ago have become individuals that can stand on their own and contribute to the society courtesy of the six months vocational training opportunity given them by HOSEI. The founder of HOSEI, a non-governmental organisation focused on empowerment and mentorship of youths, Barrister Abiade Olawanle Abiola, stated that the programme was borne out of love and passion for humanity, especially her understanding of the plight of young school leavers, who sometimes have to stay home for long before getting admitted to higher institutions of learning. This idleness, she stated, has been the cause of many truncated destinies as the youths, out of nothing to do engage in all sorts of vices. She explained that the initiative trains 100 youths yearly in various vocations that would help them to sustain themselves even without a white-collar job. And to prove that they have not wasted their six months, every aspect of the graduation was the handwork of the beneficiaries who made hairs for themselves, sowed their clothes as well as those of their colleagues, prepared the snacks for the graduation, decorated the venue, did make-up and accessories and printed certificates. There was also an exhibition of the work of beneficiaries which described more than words, the success of the vocational initiative and how far the youths have  gone in six months. Speaking during the graduation, the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Inclusion, Alhaja Faosat Sanni, who led other stakeholders in the youth empowerment and mentorship ministry to the event expressed joy at the outcome of the six months vocational training by HOSEI and how the organization had not only helped the government but also revealed the talents of youths in the state. “I want the students here today to continue to aspire more and learn better than what their trainers have instilled in them. The organisers of this programme have not only made impact but eased the burden of the government to train these students as government cannot do everything. And they didn’t leave everything for the government but have made impacts in the lives of these young ones. On behalf of the governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, we reckon with you, we recognise and appreciate your efforts,” Alhaja Sanni said. Another highlight of the ceremony was the presentation of awards to people who had over the years helped the cause of youth empowerment and mentorship in the state especially for HOSEI programmes. They were given recognition awards for what was described as their unending support and contributions towards HOSEi’s mentoring programme and their contributions to youth empowerment in Nigeria. The recipients of the recognition awards include Pastor Marcus Williams, a youth advocate;  Mrs Kaothar Agbaje, Dr  Omoniyi Ikuomola, Mrs Ibukun Olesile and Yejide Gbenga-Ogundare of Nigerian Tribune. NAHCON signs agreement on services for hajj pilgrims Breaking: FG confirms first case of coronavirus in Lagos Ighalo dedicates first United goal against Club Brugge to… How to know your business idea is profitable Barrister Abiola, in recognizing these people stated that she was impressed with their commitment and sacrifices towards HOSEI and its activities, adding that their passion, encouraging words, presence and interest in what she has been doing has been a constant source of courage even in the face of adversaries. According to her, it is only passion that can make people committed to the welfare of other people’s children but despite the fact that they were not being paid, they continued to throw their weight towards the support of the students. She also gave awards to mentors and trainers who continued to work without expecting payment. “I am happy to be awarding our supporters, mentors and partners here today in appreciation of support towards mentoring programmes and contribution to youth empowerment in Nigeria. They have supported us endlessly physically, mentally and financially. When we have our Friday mentorship programmes, some of them come around to teach these young ones core values and basic moral education that would breed future leaders, we recognise their impacts and I am grateful and privileged to be surrounded by such amazing people,” she stated. In addition, the trainers who had collaborated with HOSEI were celebrated and awarded with certificates of participation for their contributions to the development of humanity. Some trainers who were former beneficiaries of HOSEI vocational initiative were specially celebrated for not forgetting their roots and for remembering that they should also bring others up just as they were helped at a time. The beneficiaries were trained in vocations like jewelry and accessories making, baking and confectionaries, barbing, hair dressing, photography, catering, graphic designing, fashion designing, make up and gele artistry and decorations among others. In appreciation to God for sustaining the hundred, the excited graduating beneficiaries rendered songs of praise in appreciation of God, HOSEI and their trainers. And as they journey into a new phase in life, the beneficiaries were urged not to let the efforts of their trainers go to waste, they were urged to develop their skills and work towards financial independence which is the basis of the initiative. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN