Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara State has called for a collaboration between his administration and stakeholders in the education sector in the campaign against examination malpractices in schools. Speaking in Osi town in the Ekiti local government area of the state at the golden jubilee celebrations of Osi Central Secondary School (OCSS) at the weekend, the governor said that the evil of examination malpractices for future of children is counterproductive, stressing that, “it has a way of giving us a bad name in the comity of the state”. It is recalled that the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) recently imposed a fine on some schools in the state for their alleged involvement in examination malpractices in the 2019 WAEC exams. Represented by Finance Commissioner, Florence Oyeyemi, the governor said, “our administration will not condone such behaviour going forward. We have recently paid N30.5 million to settle the fine imposed by WAEC because of examination malpractices in some of our schools. ALSO READ: FG launches Nigerian Gas Transportation Network Code NDE recruits 480 beneficiaries for B-NOAS training in Kwara Ile Arugbo: Kwara, Saraki’s lawyers hold meeting,… Kwara raises 50,000 hybrid cocoa seedlings for farmers Kwara gov flags off rehabilitation of schools “We have done this to ensure that the innocent do not suffer for the sins of some other persons. However, we will wield the big stick against anyone ever caught in such conduct, even as we weigh our responses on the culprits of the 2019 alleged examination malpractices in some of our schools. “Our government will partner with all stakeholders to tackle various developmental challenges confronting our communities. While the government cannot do everything at the same time because of scarce resources, our administration will never be found wanting in appreciating or supporting various stakeholders who are doing their best to help the system. “It is against this background that I sincerely commend the leadership and members of the old students association for their continued support for the school”. In a remark, National President OCSS Old Students Association, Prince Adams Adasofegbe hailed the state government for including the schools in the 31 public schools undergoing renovation. “Government cannot do everything alone. We want to be a complementary body to the government. I want to thank the state government for what it has done to the school. Recently, the school was included in the 31 schools that the state would renovate. But the old students’ association and the Osi community are very pleased with the government’s action”, he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.