The Minister for Petroleum Resources and former governor of Bayelsa State, Chief Timipre Sylva, has sued for peace over the recent Supreme Court judgement that disqualified the Governor-elect of the Bayelsa State, Chief David Lyon, saying the mandate of his party, All Progressives Congress (APC), would be restored. In a statement issued by his Media Assistant, Julius Bokoru, the former Governor said the leadership of APC has directed its team of legal experts to study the situation critically and proffer legal options available to the party accordingly. Sylva urged all APC faithful to remain calm and have confidence in the wisdom and ability of the party leadership, and shun all acts of violence and lawlessness that would undermine the progress of the State. Parts of the statement read: “Of great importance to me is to extend my profound apology to our President, His Excellency Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, over the avoidable disruption to his busy schedule which was caused by the events of the moment. Imo judgment review: Law is no respecter of person ― Group Imo: Supreme Court to apply same style for Monday’s… Bayelsa: PDP Reps caucus calls for prosecution of… Ondo: Stop inciting members against APC leadership, guber… ALSO READ: Supreme Court ruling on Bayelsa, panacea for violence, fraud in politics ― Abubakar Idris “I am aware that Mr President and his lovely wife, Her Excellency Aisha Buhari, had concluded arrangements to travel to Bayelsa to witness the inauguration of the APC Governorship candidate as Governor of Bayelsa State. I, therefore, extend my apology to Mr President and members of his entourage. “To the good people of Bayelsa state, I would like to emphasize the need for restraint at all times. No doubt the events of the last few days are as provocative as they are regrettable. But however tempting it might be for anyone to take the law into their hands, such temptation must be resisted in the greater interest of our state and the political stability of the country at large. “The leadership of our great party the All Progressives Congress (APC) has directed its team of legal experts to study the situation critically and proffer legal options available to the party accordingly. We should therefore all remain faithful to, and have confidence in, the wisdom and ability of the party leadership to provide direction at this very sensitive time. “Once again I call on all people of Bayelsa State, irrespective of whatever differences there may be, to eschew violence and respect the security measures put in place by appropriate authorities. Let me conclude by assuring Mr President and our party hierarchy that despite this temporary setback, APC in Bayelsa remains strong and its members resolute in our support for the ideals of a greater and prosperous Nigeria as envisioned by our President, His Excellency Muhammadu Buhari.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.