The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday told President Muhammadu Buhari to desist from living in denial, self-praise and making jokes out of what it said is the deteriorated security situation in the country under his administration. The main opposition party said in a statement by its spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, in Abuja that the president’s claim of success in tackling insecurity is contrary to the reality on ground. The PDP, therefore, berated him for “attempting to award himself an unearned pass mark despite his abysmal failure to tackle acts of terrorism and violence, which have continued to worsen under his incompetent watch.” The party posited that by resorting to self-praise, in the face of failure and escalated killings, President Buhari has exhibited a devastating betrayal of the fundamental responsibilities of his office and this further confirms that he is indeed not in touch with the reality on ground and as such has no solutions to offer. The statement added: “It is indeed inexcusable that instead of accepting failure, Mr. President, who recently confessed his surprise over the level of insecurity in our nation under his watch, is now resorting to self-praise spurred by his handlers to divert attention from the consensus by Nigerians and members of the international community that he had failed as Commander-in-Chief. “ Trump’s travel ban is ethnic cleansing Election of new ASUU leaders in LASU irrevocable ― VC Sultan chides Northern elders, says Operations Shege Ka Fasa… IPAC kicks as INEC deregisters 74 members ALSO READ: Kogi Court discharges man charged for culpable homicide The PDP described as scandalous and self-indicting that President Buhari is claiming that his so-called “successes” have restored the pride and honour of our nation, at the same time our country is becoming a pariah nation; listed as number three in world terrorism index while facing immigration bans and travel advisories from other nations of the world. The PDP further stated: “It is awkward that President Buhari made his unsupported claims at the time both the Senate and the House of Representatives, as well as other credible organizations in Nigeria, are also in unanimity in indicting his Presidency for failing to take steps to check acts of terrorism, banditry, and violence in the country. “Furthermore, while Mr. President and his All Progressives Congress (APC) are busy with their failed publicity stunt on false performance claims, various sections of our nation are passing a vote of no confidence in their administration, by setting up various security outfits such as Amotekun in the South West and Shege Ka Fasa in the north, to protect their territories. “The fact is that by resorting to self-praise in the face of failure, the Buhari Presidency has laid down its armour. No one is now left in doubt that the Buhari administration has reached the end of its capacity and should heed the call by Nigerians to take the exit door and allow more competent, patriotic and proactive hands to effectively tackle the situation at hand.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.