Scientists have spotted an aquatic virus unexpectedly while studying a giant virus Scientists in Brazil spotted an aquatic virus while studying a giant virus that infected an artificial lake. This “mysterious” virus collected from amoebae was considerably smaller than the viruses usually known to infect amoebae. The team found the virus in Lake Pampulha in Belo Horizonte, the capital city of southeastern Brazil’s Minas Gerais state. Ninety per cent of the genes of the newly discovered Yaravirus (Yaravirus brasiliensis), which they named after a mermaid called Yara, has never been recorded by scientists. Only six genes out of the 74 were found to match the genes already recorded in public databases. According to the mythology of the Tupi-Guarani indigenous tribes in Brazil, Yara is an enchanting mermaid-like figure who entices sailors to live with her forever. ALSO READ: Jacob Zuma receiving treatment in foreign country, say Lawyers Brazil ex-President released from prison Nigeria to revisit trade agreements with Brazil ― Minister Warplanes dump water on Amazon as Brazil military joins… Amazon fires: G7 leaders on verge of agreeing to help, says… The novel virus’s existence has puzzled the researchers because of its unique genomic features and 80 nm-sized particles, distinguishable from the giant amoebal virus. The researchers published a paper on the preprint server bioRxiv, detailing their analysis of the new virus. The team, consisting of international researchers, explained it as enigmatic because the virus constitutes “a new lineage of amoebal virus with a puzzling origin and phylogeny.” Viral forms are more complex than thought and scientists are studying how viruses can spread and function after the coronavirus threatened the world. The researchers are looking into this unknown group of amoebal virus to know whether it is a distant kind of giant virus that could have evolved into a reduced form. The scientists speculate that Yaravirus might be a distant, much-altered offspring of the Acanthamoeba or a member of that group that took a brand new evolutionary path. Giant viruses possess complex genomes that give the ability to synthesise proteins, and therefore perform things like DNA repair, in addition to DNA replication, transcription, and translation. “Most of the known viruses of amoeba have been seen to share many features that eventually prompted authors to classify them into common evolutionary groups,” the researchers wrote in new pre-print paper about the discovery. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.