US President Donald Trump has fired two key witnesses in the impeachment investigation against him, as he started an apparent campaign of retaliation just two days after he was acquitted by the Senate. Trump fired Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, just hours after dismissing Ukraine expert Alexander Vindman, a decorated Army lieutenant colonel, according to statements released by Sondland and Vindman’s lawyer. “The most powerful man in the world – buoyed by the silent, the pliable, and the complicit – has decided to exact revenge,” Vindman’s attorney, David Pressman, said in a statement, adding that his client was “escorted” from the White House. It was an astonishing move by Trump to clear his administration of people who have testified in the impeachment probe, which investigated Trump’s attempt to pressure Ukraine to pursue investigations that could help his 2020 reelection bid. Sondland – a political appointee who donated 1 million dollars to the Trump’s presidential campaign – testified publicly that he believed there was a quid pro quo in Trump’s demand that Kiev pursues investigations. “I was advised today that the president intends to recall me effective immediately as United States Ambassador to the European Union,” Sondland said in a statement, reported by multiple US media outlets. “Our work here has been the highlight of my career,” he added. ALSO READ: Kaduna Fire Service records 84 fire outbreaks in January Ukraine expert Vindman – who worked on National Security Council – was one of a number of Trump administration officials that listened in on a July 25 call where Trump asked Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to do a “favour” and investigate his political rival. FG commends Kano over establishment of cancer centre South West Houses of Assembly get Amotekun bill coming week Anambra PDP strategising to oust APGA in 2021 Razed Ayede Substation: TCN surprises residents, restores… “It was inappropriate, it was improper for the president to demand an investigation into a political opponent, especially a foreign power,” Vindman said during his testimony. Earlier on Friday, Trump – who was acquitted this week on all impeachment charges – indicated that Vindman would be removed. “You think I’m supposed to be happy with him? I’m not,” Trump said. According to multiple US media reports, Vindman will be reassigned to a position in the Defense Department. Trump was impeached in December in the House of Representatives. He was charged with abusing his office to pressure Ukraine into announcing an investigation of his political rival ahead of elections this year, leveraging military aid to lean on Kiev, and then obstructing the investigation by Congress. The Republican-controlled Senate acquitted him earlier this week in a vote that was largely along party lines. “As usual, the White House runs away from the truth. Lt. Col. Vindman lived up to his oath to protect and defend our Constitution. “This action is not a sign of strength,” Chuck Schumer, the leader of the Democrats in the Senate said on Friday. (dpa/NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.