A bill for the establishment of the Nigerian Army University Biu, Borno state passed first reading on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday. Sponsored by the senator representing Borno South Senatorial district, who incidentally is the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Ali Ndume,  the proposed university aimed at promoting research and other means of advancement of knowledge and its practical application to military hardware and software, social, cultural, economic, scientific and technological situations. The University will also stimulate, particularly through teaching and research, interest in and appreciation of military policy, logistics and strategy. The bill also stated that the University would encourage and promote scholarship and conduct research in restricted fields of learning and human endeavour including entrepreneurship skills. A copy of the Bill obtained by Tribune Online showed that when established,  the Army University would jettison the prevailing arrangement of catchment area and concession of admission slots to students perceived to be from educationally disadvantaged areas. It reads in part: “No person shall be required to satisfy requirements as to race, including ethnic grouping, sex, place of birth, family origin, religious or political persuasion, as a condition for becoming or continuing to be a student in the University. “No person shall be subjected to any disadvantage or accorded any advantage in relation to the University.” BREAKING: Senate confirms Captain Nuhu as DG NCAA Nigeria is at crossroads ― Senate president Anti-Sexual Harassment Bill: Don’t demonise lecturers,… Lagos-Badagry Expressway: Senate to resolve lack of fuel… The Bill also frowned at restriction on admission on account of religion. The proposed University sets to secure the diffusion of knowledge throughout Nigeria in general and the Nigerian Army in particular. ALSO READ: Equities investors lose N13bn on Tuesday as bears persist According to the Bill, the University shall be a training institution for the development of middle and high-level manpower in the areas of technological empowerment for civilians, appreciation for military policy; logistics and strategy. The University shall be supervised by the Federal Ministry of Education and shall through the National Universities Commission be responsible for approving and regulating all academic programmes run in University. This according to the legislation, would ensure quality compliance and provide funds for academic and research programmes, infrastructures and remunerations of employees. The bill added that the objectives of the University shall be among others,  to provide facilities for learning and give instruction and training in such branches of knowledge as the University may desire in order to ensure that students obtain the advantage of a liberal education. The bill also stated that the University would encourage and promote scholarship and conduct research in restricted fields of learning and human endeavour including entrepreneurship skills. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.