What is your level of educational attainment? I had my NCE from the Ogun State College of Education, my first degree from the University of Nigeria while I obtained my Master’s degree from University of Lagos. I worked with the certificates until about four years ago.  You are in what is arguably women’s world. How did you find your way there? It has not been a hard task all the while but through it all, my slogan has been ‘aanu ni mo rigba.’ In late 90s, one of my course mates invited me for a catering service during her wedding but unfortunately, the Alaga did not come. It was a time telephone was not common so the person could not be reached. I summoned courage and in my catering dress, I began the engagement with a song ‘kitikiti ola kiti jan…’ Thereafter, other songs flowed and the engagement was done.  How supportive has your wife been over your career choice? Actually, she is not the social type so she does not go out with me, but she supports me through prayer.  Did you begin this business as a bachelor or married man? I started as a bachelor.  Were your parents in support of it? Actually, my mother was the first apprentice that followed me to an engagement and since then she has been standing behind me.  On the first day you stood in for an Alaga, how did people react? That day, I just finished preparing amala, in a bathroom slippers and Ankara. When I offered to stand in for the Alaga, people were very happy and surprised, saying, “olopo wa lo fe s’alaga….” (our caterer wants to anchor the engagement). It was from that scenario I got my stage name as a woman came from the crowd removed her head gear and placed it on my head, saying, ‘gele ayo.’  How do you manage women, your clients and colleagues? It is not easy to manage women on the field but there is a statement I use in getting along with them, that man (Abraham’s servant, Eliezer) is the first person to do engagement in Genesis 22. Most of my apprentices are women but I handle them as if they are my students when I was in teaching; I am strict with them, I stop them from gossiping. Any gathering where women are, once you cut the lines of gossiping and make them understand they are to face what they came to do.  For how long did you train? I did not enroll for any training on the job.  And you have been thriving in the business? The only thing I did was to go anywhere they are doing engagement with my pen and paper and jot down my observations such as hometown songs and procedures of the programme. Nobody tutored me but the Holy Spirit helps. How to live long on one kidney —Experts I get easily aroused Is this normal menses? My swollen feet  Does it mean that you have no role models too? I have role models, both male and female. The first person is Mrs Folashase Alo . Then there are Mrs Bisola Bamidele and Mr Olanrewaju Ajose. I have gained a lot from these people, particularly connection-wise.  What does it take to begin the Alaga business? It is not an easy task so number one thing you need is God because when you have Him, you have everything. In addition to this, you must stand firm on what you believe. Take a look at my slogan ‘Gele Ayo, we are the home makers.’ To make homes is not easy. Alaga business is a ministerial work which involves ministering and joining two people. I remember the wedding at Canaan in Galilee; the Bible says it is an engagement. So God uses you as an Alaga to establish a home.  What challenges have you faced in the business? I have faced a lot of challenges. For example, I have had to anchor an engagement of a separated home where the wife did not want to sit beside her husband. As an Alaga, you have to settle their conflict to a reasonable extent before you start the progarmme. If not, they would make reference to you should anything go wrong. So anytime people ask me to come and anchor their engagement, I do counseling before we start. It is not compulsory I see the couple but I ensure I talk to their parents, fast and pray with them. This job is not all about dancing, singing or the money you would be given As an Alaga, you have to make good, remarkable impact in the lives of your clients.  Can any other thing compete with your job? Though I am a prophet, I always plan my schedules properly because I am a man of time.  I do put so many things on my head and don’t joke with time. I have days I do my spiritual exercise, particularly Wednesday   I do not attend to any alaga business.  Even if I have an engagement on Sundays, I make sure I go to church first and pray before leaving.  Do you feel fulfilled doing this business? Yes, because engagement is highly profitable.  I have gained exposure, landed properties but the height of my fulfillment is the connections I have had with people.  Has any of your children picked interest in what you do? My first child, a 16-year-old boy has shown interest but I do not take him out to events because I do not want anything, especially money to distract him from his studies. However, anytime I am rehearsing at home with my students, he joins me in singing.  Your son grew up knowing you as an Alaga, what was his first comment? I could remember he was at about age 12 when he expressed his feelings about my job. He said: ‘daddy, I like this Alaga job, it is interesting.  The way you sing and play makes me laugh.”  What about your friends? My friends enjoy me performing. On occasions I am seated among the crowd and they sight me, they would say “Ah, Adeyemi, oya lo gba mic.’ They enjoy me singing, talking and dancing.  Your advice for upcoming Alagas My advice is that they should be contented, humble, imbibe the spirit of endurance and stand firmly on their belief. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.