A coalition of Civil society organisation, in Abuja, has called on the Supreme Court to be guided by the agelong standard of the blind goddess, who serves justice without respect for persons, as it reviews its judgement on the Imo State gubernatorial election. The coalition which comprises of People’s Alliance for Indigenous Rights (Pair), Society for Ending Economic Democracy (SEED) and Initiative for Democratic Enthronement (IDEA) said everywhere in the world, justice does not appeal to all side of a matter but remains enduring into time. Speaking at a press briefing in Abuja, the Co-convener, of the alliance, Emmanuel Chukwudi, maintained that though not all sides are satisfied with the court judgement, the Justices of the Supreme Court should remain unwavering in their duty at the temple of justice. They reminded all and sundry that the Supreme Court, while taking its decision on Bayelsa Governorship election, delivered justice without any form of bias to person or persons. He said:  “As the Supreme Court decides on the jejune appeal for a review of its decision, we implore the Hon. Justices to be careful not to set a dangerous precedent where all sorts of frivolous appeals will become the order of the day, wasting the Court’s time, taxpayers money and weigh down the system. ALSO READ: Imo: Supreme Court to apply same style for Monday’s verdict, group alleges  “The Hon. Justices have demonstrated only a few days ago that the law is no respecter of persons when just less than 7 hours to the swearing-in of a new Bayelsa governor, it nullified their hard-earned victory. That is courage. We expect no less that the hope that has berthed in Imo State will flourish, thrive and renew faith in governance by the Hon. Court standing firmly by its decision of January 14. Supreme Court judgement: Mandate of Bayelsans will be… Imo: Supreme Court to apply same style for Monday’s… Bayelsa: PDP Reps caucus calls for prosecution of… Bayelsa: Reps minority leader, Elumelu, congratulates Diri,… He further said that “the alliance said that they are not ignorant of the many attempts by persons and group of persons to pressurise the Justices of the Supreme Court to recede its judgement.” Chukwudi at the briefing said: “We are not unmindful of the futile attempts of some individuals and groups to pressurise the Supreme Court of Nigeria to reverse itself on its historic judgment of January 14, 2020 which ordered the immediate swearing-in of Senator Hope Uzodinma as the legitimately elected Governor of Imo State. “While we concede that it is within the right of those who feel aggrieved to protest, but it has become a dangerous enterprise as these persons have taken it upon themselves to decide what the Law is. “It should be stated that it is a fact that not all persons will be happy at every judicial pronouncement, but to attempt to insist and perjure the Hon. Justices of the apex court through deliberate blackmail, name-calling and subterfuge is a dangerous precedent that should not be allowed to fester. “If the opposition were to be true sportspeople, they should accept the decision of the Supreme Court as final in the interest of the state they claimed to want to serve. Since the epoch judicial reversal of the usurpation of the peoples’ mandate, Imo State has remained peaceful, looking forward to progress and realising the New Agenda programme of His Excellency, Senator Hope Uzodinma. “We will imagine that those who claimed that they want to serve the people are intent on causing public disharmony, promote dissension and encourage rebellion against not only a duly elected government, but to also disparage, impugn and cause the Hon. Justices of the apex court to be seen as enemies of the people. “There is only one enemy, those who are funding all sorts of campaigns to smear, tarnish and possibly overthrow social cohesion, damage economic prosperity and trample upon the rule of law,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.