Electricity consumers under the Jos Electricity Distribution Company (JEDC) have demanded from the company that it should first increase power supply before thinking of increasing their tariffs describing as unfair plans by JEDC to increase its tariff. The consumers made their views known while speaking separately at a public hearing organized by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) on the proposed tariff increase by the JED PLC held at the Hazibal Hotels and Suites in Bauchi. The Consumers expressed surprise that the distribution company planned to increase electricity tariffs when what they get is an epileptic power supply and lamented the estimated billing by the company to those who have no prepaid or postpaid meters in the state. One of the consumers who is a resident of Gwallameji area, a suburb of Bauchi metropolis where the FedPoly is located, Lawal Mohammed, said that the distribution company should not expect its customers to be happy about the increase when they only get power for just two hours in a day. He wondered how the company can effectively deliver good services to their customers when they do not have enough vehicles and other equipment and said: “Sometimes, I pay N7,000 as my light bill, at times, I pay N9,000 and I paid for last month on the 10th February and truly, we only got light for just one day from 11 am to 6pm. How do you expect me to be happy about the increase and want to pay? He added that ” You don’t even have vehicles, no equipment, how do expect Bauchi to enjoy light when you don’t have enough vehicles? And you don’t even pay your workers until the 10th day of the next month, how do you expect them to put in their best and work? So, you have to check yourself very well.” ALSO READ: Coronavirus: We are not panicking, Abuja residents declare Another consumer, Paul Chiroma said that for the past one year, all the complaints that I sent to JED, none of them, 40 of them, was replied and added that “there are also instances whereby residents are charged commercial tariffs when they should be charged residential tariffs.” He also said that there was a need for seriousness to improve services rendered to the customers by the distribution company stressing that without the consumers the company cannot survive. Engineer Godwin Orji who represented Nadabo Flour Mills declared that an increase in the tariff without an increase in power, their business will be greatly affected saying, “We are appealing to JED to not increase tariff but look at improving their power supply. If the power supply increases, the customers will be willing to pay”. Godwin Orji added that ” We are a production company that runs 24 hours and any interruption of power, low voltage affects our production greatly and most times, we have to shut down for a period of 12 to 15 hours even up to 20 hours and more, sometimes, for two days,”. BOKO HARAM: Candy and pizza for Nigeria’s TERRORISTS FG can’t buy peace through creation of agency for repentant… Nigerian govt is rewarding criminality —Olajide Broken jaws in Jos: When town, gown went to battle over land While reacting to some of the complaints and issues raised by the consumers, the Deputy Chief Technical Officer, JEDC PLC, Engr. John Emeruwa said that the company will critically look at the issues raised by the customers saying that most of the customers even reject the prepaid meters pointing out that there is a standing rule from the regulatory agency that anybody who has no meter should be disconnected. John Emeruwa added that “We constituted a team to monitor between 7 and 11 pm, those people who are fond of bypassing the prepaid meters. Barely three days ago, we arrested about three suspects for this act and when we took them to the Police, they were taken to court and they were asked to pay N10,000 each and they were released. So, this is a company and that will not make us relent, we will continue”. He assured that some of the benefits of the review to the customers are that they will maintain and replace their assets in good time and it is no longer going to be business as usual business when this tariff is reviewed promising that whatever would be the demand of the customers is in terms of better service delivery, they will address it. The Chief Executive Officer, JED Plc, Engr. Uday Mishra, said that the electricity tariff review is belated saying that it should have been done over two years ago lamenting that the company has been running at a loss hence the need for the tariff increase pointing out that the tariff of the Jos Disco is one of the lowest in the country. He added that, “We should have done this review over two years ago but now we are going to review it giving the inflation rate, giving the investment required and most importantly, giving what we have lost in this industry. As you know, whatever we are billing, we are not getting back, so to take care of these issues, tariff has to be reviewed and we have already submitted our plans to our regulator,”. On the benefits of the tariff increase to the customers, Uday Mishra said: “We promised that if tariff increases, the supply situation will certainly improve. I am saying this with a little hesitation because the real challenge in this industry is not that tariff should be increase, the real challenge is the loss level in the industry”. He also assured that, ” If we are billing, say, N100 we are getting just N40, can any business survive where you are pricing something for N100 and you are getting N40? That’s the real challenge and it is called commercial losses and this loss has to be controlled.” The JED CEO further lamented that customers owe the DISCO over N100 billion “and if we can just get N20 billion from that, I can give you 24 hours power supply.” On the issue of none provision of prepaid meters to consumers, he said that “to tackle the issue of non-metering, it is not that customers need metering, even we want them to have it because that is a good business initiative, but the real challenge is that there is a lot of wrong news in the newspapers. He said: “Government has to increase so many entrepreneurs, there are only few entrepreneurs who are trying to have hazy money in this meter business. I have met many manufacturers who are ready to go into its production but probably they are not getting the support from the government or there are some other forces stopping them.” In her remarks, Dr. Moses Sharifa, Commissioner Consumer Affairs, NERC, in an interview with newsmen said after the nationwide consultations going on concerning the tariff increase, the Commission would go back and review all the issues and complaints raised before considering what to do about the requests by the Discos to review their tariff. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN