Seeing that my husband was slothful in nature, I doubled my efforts in the home to ensure our children did not suffer. Determined that our marriage must work, I learnt to be submissive and handed over to him the whole of my salary at the end of every month. But he betrayed the trust I placed in him.  My husband withdrew all I had in my bank account and fled the home.” “She painted a false picture of me. I’m responsible and did the purchase of food for the home by myself, while she helped me with only just 30 percent of our children’s fees.” A woman, Biodun Oluwale has appealed to Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State to halt the relationship between her and her husband, Dejo Oluwale, who she said she no longer loved. Biodun, who dragged her husband to court, alleged that he was lazy and irresponsible. She further accused him of stealing her money, thereby misplacing the trust she had in him. The plaintiff entreated the court if her prayer was answered to grant her custody of their children in order that she might give them adequate care. Dejo refused to agree to claim. Biodun told the court: “My lord, my husband’s main occupation for the majority of the years we were married was to stay back at home and sleep. He regularly turned down job offers and refused to make hay while the sun shone. “I played a dual role in the home for the larger part of the years we were married because I was left with no other option than to combine his duties with mine. “My lord, I was solely responsible for feeding, clothing and the payment of our children’s school fees. I was also the one paying the house rent and my husband as the head of the family felt comfortable with all these. “Any time I got fed up with his irresponsible lifestyle and I complained, he would beat me to a pulp. “My lord, I observed my husband was gradually feeling threatened since I was the one sustaining the home and thus started behaving irrationally. “I learnt to be submissive in other to save our marriage. To cover his shame, I decided to make my salary available to him. I started handing over my salary to him at the end of every month so that he could disburse it on the family’s needs. “I also put in his care some of my other valuables so as to make him feel at ease with our relationship but rather than appreciate me, he used it against me. Moghalu replies Ngige, says “I’m a change agent, not a… Imo: PDP protests at US, UK, EU embassies Brexit at last: Britain leaves EU as champagne corks fly Tie and dye with swag “My lord, my husband withdrew all that I had in my bank account and left for Lagos. He abandoned me and our children and didn’t leave a clue as to how to locate him. “I’ve suffered enough in Dejo’s hand. I’m no longer interested in our wedlock. “I pray this honourable court to separate us and grant me custody of our children.” Dejo giving his evidence said: “My lord, although Biodun lied in all that she said, but I don’t agree to the dissolution of our marriage. “Contrary to the picture my wife painted about me, I’m a responsible and caring man. “I do the shopping for my family. I went to the market on regular basis and do the purchase of foodstuff. There was no time we didn’t have food at home because I buy food items in bulk. “Biodun lied about our children’s fees. I was the one paying the larger percentage while she contributed just 30 per cent of it. “I was initially giving her the fees to pay but stopped because she defaulted on many occasions. I, therefore, decided to transfer the money directly to their school bank account. “My lord, my wife is stubborn and arrogant. She has no regard for me. She flouts my order at will. Biodun started attending church service without my permission and refused to stop even after I warned her, “the defendant concluded. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their union and handed their children over to the plaintiff for care. Odunade ordered the defendant to be responsible for their welfare, feeding, education and health care given utmost preference. The defendant was asked to give their children the sum of N20, 000 every month as their feeding allowance. This he stated must be done according to the dictates of the court. Both were advised to maintain peace. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE