The Federal Government have asked the just graduated trainees of the National Industrial Skills Development Programme (NISDP) not to sell the start-up kits  provided for them to enable them (trainees) start practising in their chosen fields of training in order to become self-employed, create jobs and also contribute to the economy of the country. Speaking at the graduation ceremony in Abuja on Monday, the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Richard Otunba Adebayo, said the NISDP programme organised by the Industrial Training Fund (ITF) has turned around the fate of thousands of youth with skills impartation for employability. He noted that “the aim of the programme is to empower youths and give them the capacity to contribute to the economy of the country.” Represented by the Permanent Secretary in the ministry, Dr. Nasir Gwarzo, the Minister stated that, “I urge you never to ever consider selling this start-up packs,” he emphasised. ALSO READ: Buhari mourns late Senator Longjan Similarly, the Secretary to the Federal Government, Boss Mustapha, equally admonished the trainees to take their training serious and make adequate use of the equipment provided for them by the government. Foreign expert to manage N5bn Aliko Dangote Skill… Acquisition of technical skills imperative for national… Buhari mandates CBN, ITF to fund textile workers FG to create 20m jobs through skills development programmes… Also represented by the Permanent Secretary, Political and Economic Affairs, Andrew Adejo, expressed confidence that equipping Nigerians with skills would contribute to reducing unemployment and also boost the capacity of the young population in contributing meaningfully to the nation’s economy. According to him, “with the Federal Government’s efforts to turn around the fortunes of the citizenry and effectively tackle poverty and unemployment, we need people to be equipped with requisite skills for increased production and delivery of goods and services. “Of course, a direct effect of a skilled population, especially amongst the youths would translate to a drastic reduction in social vices such as drug abuse, kidnapping and banditry amongst others,” he noted. On his part, the Director-General of Industrial Training Fund (ITF), Sir Joseph Ari, said the NISDP programme is one of the numerous skills acquisition intervention programmes introduced and implemented by the Fund to facilitate the achievement of the Federal Government policy on job and wealth creation. He explained that the programme “focuses on skills acquisition to create jobs to stem rampant unemployment and breed a new generation of entrepreneurs, in order to transform the economic landscape of the country. “Since its inception, the NISDP has equipped over 200,000 Nigerians nationwide and 18,000 from the FCT with skills for employability and entrepreneurship. “This phase of the programme, which closing ceremony is taking place today, commenced in the last quarter of 2019. The training lasted between 3 and 6 months, depending on the trade. In all, over 11,000 Nigerians were equipped with skills in 9 trades namely, Leather Works (Shoe and Bag Making), Welding and Fabrication, Catering and Event Management, Tiling, Production and Laying of Interlock Tiles, Furniture Making, Domestic Electrical Wiring and Installation, Solar Energy Installation, Plumbing and Pipefitting, and Autogele and Beauty Care,” he stated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.