For Chief Bukola Adetula, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, Tuesday, February 18, 2020, was a day of celebration as it marks the memorial anniversary of his late grandfather, Chief George Adetula in his Zooka Castle home in Owo, Ondo State. His grandfather, who was the Sasere of Owo and close confidant of the then Olowo, Oba Olateru Olagbegi, also served as the Sasere to the father of the present Olowo, Oba Gbadegesin Ogunoye  lll. The event, though was primarily designed to mark the memorial of the late Pa Adetula, changed focus when the APC loyalists and Adetula’s supporters came to the venue. Consequently, Adetula used the occasion to address the gathering, urging party cohesion and loyalty. He also used the opportunity to officially intimate the Olowo about his political aspiration in the October 2020 gubernatorial polls. Even when the event was interrupted by the arrival of some political thugs, it later continued after security agents restored peace. Thereafter, Adetula led a procession of family, friends and party loyalists to his Sasere ancestral home, adjacent the Olowo’s palace to offer prayers for the repose of the soul of the departed. The event featured indigenous group performances and acrobatic displays which continued all the way through the market, where motorcyclists thrilled Adetula with their extraordinary riding skills to the delight of the market women. Meanwhile, at his palace, the Olowo of Owo, Oba Gbadegesin blessed Adetula and the celebration thereafter continued till dusk. Adetula, while addressing his supporters, frowned upon  the idea of some politicians using intimidation to suppress other aspirants’ ambitions. He said since his ambition was inspired and endorsed by God, he would not be intimidated out of the race. He stressed that everyone has a right to aspire for any office as the sky is big enough to accommodate every bird. “If those in power didn’t aspire; or if they succumbed to intimidation, will they be in office today?” he wondered. The Ekiti State six-month  maternity leave Ayade and the dreams of our founding fathers Tech-U VC warns students against cultism, exam malpractice Edo 2020: Tambuwal receives unity torch, reaffirms… He however admonished his supporters and other party members present at the event not to engage in any form of violence, even in the face of provocation. Meanwhile, one of his family members (who refused to give his name) said it was an open secret among Owo indigenes that one of the grandchildren of the late Sasere would one day mount the saddle of political leadership in Ondo State. This may not be far from reality, as recent events coupled with the rising profile of Bukola Adetula in the forthcoming gubernatorial election seemed to be pointing towards its direction. But Adetula, being a man of foresight and hard-work has engaged his hindsight, taking his destiny in his hand. Being an American trained lawyer, Adetula has decades of experience in legal practice in the United States, with an impressive portfolio in global business experience. This, observers believe, will be of immense benefit to Ondo state if he is voted as the next Governor. Since returning to Owo, his hometown, the US trained lawyer has illuminated the faces of his supporters with his promise to ensure the sunshine state becomes a hub of industrial and business activities in the country. Since 2016 when he contested the governorship primaries on the platform of APC which Rotimi Akeredolu won, Adetula has been oiling his Bibire Mobilisation Group with a view to re-contesting the next election. He has re-positioned the group across the state to engage Akeredolu in the forthcoming electoral duel, despite his incumbency. Each time Adetula was asked how he feels engaging a fellow Owo indigene in the gubernatorial race, he often said,  “l wish to bring my private sector experience and worldwide business contacts to harness the vast resources of Ondo State and turn it to an enviable industrialised and economically viable state.” Adetula believes the people need a reorientation from the underdeveloped civil service mentality which has ravaged them for decades. He said, “There is even an urgent need to develop the state’s staggering human and natural resources, so that our people can live qualitative lives like those of the developed nations of the world. Apart from providing affordable and qualitative education for the youths in the state, our vision and mission is to reverse the deplorable condition of the people of Ondo State through the provision of infrastructure and employment that will be facilitated through the Agro-allied industry and the establishment of small, medium and large scale industries in all the nook and cranny of the state,” he said. In his remark, the spokesperson of the Bibire Mobilisation Group, Yinka Esho, noted that before the February 18th event, Adetula had been meeting with party leaders, loyalists, and members of respective communities across the state for result-driven deliberations. He said the lawyer is undoubtedly on a mission to ensure the prosperity of the people of Ondo State by opening them to opportunities and development.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NAFDAC APPROVED JAMES BOND. LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN