THE Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha has flayed those calling for the sack of Service, saying President Muhammadu Buhari will not sack the Service Chiefs now. He spoke with newsmen in Abuja after a book presentation titled, CAN, Religion, politics and power in Nigeria authored by former General Secretary of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Engr. Samuel Salifu. Following deteriorating security situation in the country, there has been strident calls from Nigerians including the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria for Buhari to remove the current Service Chiefs and replace them. But Mustapha said: “We are in a very difficult time now. We need everybody to be on board. We need synergy within intelligent community, within the military formations that will help fight this war. “We are in a very difficult situation and when we begin to create cracks and divisions, who will be the beneficiaries? The adversaries are the ones that are going to exploit those deficiencies and further the cause of destabilising the nation”. “You don’t sack people like that. There are processes and I believe that at the opportune time, those processes will be followed. You don’t just wake up and say, sack people, it doesn’t happen like that. “The book is a reservoir of information, history and past years of struggle. That is the reason why we are in government. We are to show forth the righteousness of Christ in government. Good governance, our collective responsibility Insecurity and loose information Time to take girl-child education seriously Fire outbreak: FG tasks fire service on effective service… “Righteousness exult a nation. For those of us that find ourselves in the position of government, we are stewards and we are accountable to the almighty after the exercise of our offices. “God in his infinite mercy will continuously watch over the affairs of our country and at the end of the day it is only his will that shall be done”. Also speaking, Former Federal Commissioner for Information, Chief  Edwin Clark, attributed the insecurity and disunity in the country to religious difference. He said the entire world is watching how President Muhammadu Buhari will handle the next appointment for the presidency of the court of Appeal as the occupier bows out and the position becomes vacant on March 4, 2020 and that of the Service Chiefs, which he said will soon be vacant. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Gunmen kill Aso Rock director in Abuja home Clark who was represented by a former Nigeria Ambassador to Scandinavian, Mr. Godknows Igali said: “I am very happy that the National Assembly, the Senate, wants to amend our Constitution. Like I stated recently in the media, religion, should be one of the critical areas the Senate should look into. The religious difference has been one of the main problems causing insecurity and disunity in the country. “No religion should be regarded as superior to the other, or be given priority consideration. For instance, the whole country and indeed the international community is watching out to see how Mr. President will handle the next appointments for the presidency of the Court of Appeal as the current occupier bows out and the position becomes vacant on March 4, 2020. And that of the Service Chiefs which will soon be vacant. My prayer is that Mr President will do the correct thing”. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.