The Executive Vice Chairman (EVC) of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, has said that Nigeria must leverage and appropriately deploy Information and Communications Technology (ICT) resources in the fight against insurgency and to contain other emergencies. He affirmed that empirical knowledge of what ICT can do in tackling numerous challenges explained the commission’s insistence on compliance by all stakeholders to the guidelines governing SIM registration and why NCC had been upbeat in getting the Emergency Communication Centres (ECCs) ready all over the country as directed by the Federal Government. Danbatta stated this recently during the induction of the commission into the membership of Forum of Spokespersons of Security and Response Agencies (FOSSRA). Mr Bassey Uket, a Principal Manager at the commission’s Special Duties Department was NCC’s representative at the forum. Danbatta recalled the collaboration between the NCC and the security and other emergency response agencies, especially at ECCs and suggested that many of the multi-faceted challenges can be addressed with scaling up the degree of deployment of electronic strategies. To underscore the imperative of electronic and digital communication systems in managing the nation’s security challenges, Danbatta stated that, “as we are addressing the situation in one part of the country, you find escalation in another part of the country.” Danbatta gave example of the 112 Emergency Communication Numbers, which are routed to the ECCs, as, “a practical implementation of a security system that is bringing succour to citizens in distress. Why Do People Think E-learning in Africa is a Good Idea? Blue, green collar jobs panacea for graduate unemployment… NLC to commence bi-monthly dialogue on national issues FG commends nurses’ efforts to reposition profession He added that he was gratified that there is an increasing interface between citizens who are in distressed security situation and virtually all security and other emergency response agencies connected to it. Danbatta described the ECCs as a well-conceived project and a project that has enhanced the capacity of agencies in the security governance sector to manage crises. He informed the audience that the centres are well-equipped to address the purpose for which they were established. He said 18 of the centres, which are located in state capitals, have been completed and he assured that with the support of the Federal Government that they are not going to stop. “We would like to express our commitment to continue with the remaining 18. We would not rest on our oars until all other 18 are fully functional because the ECCs have started attracting attention and are quite central to the management of security in the country,” he said. He emphasised that the ECCs have become a success story today because of the commitment of the Federal Government and the culture of dedication to continuity of strategic national projects by successive leadership of the Commission. Earlier, Oluwatoyin Asaju, Director, Special Duties at NCC, said FOSSRA, which was established six years ago by the Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA), has performed well in coordinating public information activities of security and emergency response agencies and has helped to improve inter-agency collaboration. He said the induction of NCC into the forum is a testimony to the Commission’s strides in this regard and also the visionary leadership of Danbatta. He recalled the nature of operation and kind of facilities at the ECCs and urged Nigerians to use the Toll-Free three-Digit Emergency Communication Numbers 112 to get help in times of security challenge. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.