The Federal Ministry of Health has confirmed a case coronavirus(Covid-19) in Lagos State Nigeria. The case, which was confirmed on 27/02/2020, is the first case to be reported in Nigeria since the beginning of the outbreak in China in January 2020. Coronavirus according to World Health organisation “are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV). “A novel coronavirus (nCoV) is a new strain that has not been previously identified in humans. Here are some simple inexpensive health tips, as shared by a UK based medical practitioner, Dr Harvey Oluwafunmilayo, a medical practitioner, that can help in curtailing the spread of this deadly infection. “Avoid crowded places as much as possible. The virus will spread very easily in buses, markets, clubs, and anywhere too many people gather. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Sanwo-Olu allays fears “If you do not have a hand sanitiser, wash your hands always these times: Before and after cooking and eating, Before and after using the toilet, Before and after touching animals, Before and after touching a sick person, Before and after sneezing or coughing. “Incase it is hard to wash your hands always, Get a personal hand sanitiser. Do not share with anyone.  “Use it after you use the toilet, use it before and after you cook and eat, Use it after you sneeze or cough, Use it after you touch any public surfaces like doorknobs, office tables, etc. “When you sneeze, Do not use a handkerchief. Please use a tissue and discard immediately. “And if someone around you sneezes, Advise them also to use a tissue. And stay some distance from them. That’s because re-using the same handkerchief to sneeze can potentially spread many viruses. “If you work in a hospital as a nurse, doctor, pharmacist, physiotherapist, dietitian, cleaner, janitor or whatever, Take no risks and follow all precautions. “Remember your carelessness can kill you and your family members if you infect them. “If you or someone around you become ill, please call a doctor for advice. Or simply call 080097000010. “Do not go to the hospital straight away without calling for advice first. “That would help them arrange for the patient to be transported and received in the hospital in a safe way. If you just go to a hospital, there is a risk of infecting many people on your way and spreading the virus when you get there. Imagine taking a public bus, imagine arriving at a hospital reception with many other people; please call first and the government will arrange safe transport. Pope cancels more official appointments in Italy Buhari lauds relationship with Sahrawi Arab Democratic… Coronavirus: Facebook to work with Nigeria to check… WHO warns of coronavirus spreading worldwide as five… “When you leave home, if it is not too hot: please wear some gloves.  “Especially if you take public buses and you work in a place where you are exposed share the same spaces/facilities as many people. “Wash the gloves after 24hours. “Never touch face without washing hands first. “Don’t shake hands or hug people randomly. And do not allow anyone run their hands all over your face. It is unnecessary.  “You can politely decline because it’s better and safer for both of you not to come in close contact especially if this virus turns out to start spreading. “As much as you can, and as much as is reasonable, please keep open your windows at home or work, letting the air out. “The virus cannot hang around in a well-ventilated space. Don’t shut all your windows and keep your house or workspace all choked out. That’s not good for you. “The evidence on facemasks is controversial. Many people don’t recommend routine use outdoors except you wear a new one everyday. If you choose to wear facemasks, never wear the same one for more than a day. It is not recommended indoors, except you have a sick person at home.  “At work or school, be careful of door handles. Wash your hands after touching any door handle. “Be careful with stairway handles, desktops, cell phones, toys, laptops, office tables and any objects that are hand-held. Please stick to your own personal objects, you will be fine. “In case you need to pick up someone else’s cell phone, laptop, cooking tools or use someone else’s computer keyboard, never touch your face, eyes nose or mouth and always wash your hands immediately after touching any object that belongs to someone else or that you share with them. “At home or at work, do not share spoons, plates or cups with anyone if you can. “And if you have to, wash them thoroughly before you use it. Never drink anything from the same cup as anyone else. “Cook your own foods. Maintain the highest possible standards of hygiene.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! HERE IS HOW OVER 5000  NIGERIA MEN HAVE PERMANENTLY OVERCOME TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS RECENT DISCOVERY BY MEDICAL CONSULTANTS LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.