AT what point did you start helping people, devoting resources to the needy? It has been long. Even as an undergraduate when I didn’t have, and I had to struggle to pay fees, I was always doing something. I could recall one instance, while I was at Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), struggling to pay school fees, there was this woman whose daughter dropped out of school because of 1,000 Naira. I paid the money and friends were looking at me and saying, ‘you sef’, na wa o, you cannot pay your fees yet you are taking care of someone else’s child. That was me. Another instance was when a  friend, whose room was opposite mine approached me, and said, “Funmi, there is trouble, exams are here and I am yet to pay school fees. I had money, at least enough to feed myself for the remaining days in school. Well, it so happened that that same amount was also enough to pay her school fees. Of course, we paid the fees and had to live on garri all through the examination. We did it with joy. That was the type of life that I lived when I was in school. So after school, you could have imagined what I felt like when I had more than enough to help others.  So what really motivated you into helping people? It is a passion. I love my job as an Engineer, a female engineer at that, but I am beginning to take so much joy in my passion for helping others, especially when you see people appreciating what you are doing: old people, young people, people you never knew before, whose life you turned around by giving so little to me.  Does this have to do with your growing up? We were raised by a single mother. We lost our father at a tender age and our mother was a teacher. So you can only imagine what it felt like raising three children. I had to drop out of medical school because we could not afford the money to buy books and other things we needed. I lost two years in the process. Taking that decision was not easy for me and my mother. The day I informed my mother, I cried and cried. She also wept. But I made up my mind that I would do my best and ensure that even as a professional Engineer, I was successful. I also decided, deep within me that as long as I live, I will help others and ensure that no child has to go through what I went through because of their poor background.  With all the courses you had taken in Medicine and Surgery, how was the transition to now study Engineering? You can ask that question again. It was not easy. But God gave me a guardian angel who saw me through. My knowledge of Mathematical Engineering was down since I was no longer taking courses in Mathematics as a Medical student, but he directed me to lecturers who helped me. I ended up coming out with a 2:1 in Mechanical Engineering. My guardian angel then ended up as my husband. Believe me, he was God sent and I cannot but tell you, if not for him, I wonder how I would have ended up. He has been my pillar of support in everything. He has been there for me every step of the way. In everything I do I see him as the God-sent hand, lifting me up and guiding me.  Raufu Olaniyan: A true Omoluabi @ 60 The Ekiti State six-month  maternity leave Ayade and the dreams of our founding fathers Tech-U VC warns students against cultism, exam malpractice So how much have you expended on Funmilayo Ayinke Humanity Foundation since inception? It is difficult for me to estimate. But I think it will be close to half a billion naira. You can see how we operate. We don’t limit ourselves to once- in -a -year activities or school period activities. A lady needed baby things, she contacted me, I verified the need and sent N150,000 to her, she sent the proof of receipt to our Whatsapp group page, everyone was happy, life went on. Others who had special needs, they raised them and we took care of their needs. These were apart from school fees; things they needed in school and so on.  Don’t forget, the people I am talking about here are children of single parents or widows who cannot afford to make ends meet.  The tears of joy on their faces, the way they expressed themselves inspired me to do more. Only last December we were able to touch the lives of widows again in Abeokuta, Ogun State. We gave many grinding machines, other things to empower them and for some who needed cash, we also provided cash. We ended up giving everyone cash, one way or the other, bags of rice were also shared. We touched over 4,000 lives.We do this yearly. Many still continued to come after what we did at the palace of Olowu of Owu in Ogun State and we have been helping them. We will continue to. We started out never really caring about how many people we touched their lives, believe me we have done so much for many. If we did four thousand last December, imagine what we did in previous years. The pictures and videos are there.  Have you been challenged by people about having political ambitions and maybe this is why you are doing all these? Yes, I had a situation last December in which some women came to me that I should go and contest, and that they were ready to support me or bring someone out they could support. I laughed it off. That has never crossed my mind. I am not from Ogun and the large chunk of beneficiaries, the widows are from Ogun so there is no way I can set out to woo them for votes. I am just doing what God has put in my heart.  Given the large bill, how do you finance the giving you have been doing? It’s God’s doing. Don’t forget I am an Engineer apart from being an academic. So nearly everything that comes in from our jobs are channeled into the philanthropic activities.  How does it feel, a female mechanical Engineer, in a man’s world. Do they discriminate against female Engineers as we hear in some other professions? No, not at all. They rather encourage us, they see us as their little sisters, the men in Engineering are so helpful. They are willing to help at any point in time. That’s why you see women aspiring to positions of leadership in COREN and others. They want the women to step out and lead while they stay at the background. The  male engineers are quite supportive. They are always there for us. I can boldly say that. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NAFDAC APPROVED JAMES BOND. LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN