Caretaker Committee Chairmen of the 20 local government areas in Bauchi State have been tasked to perform their responsibilities diligently, honestly and in accordance with the dictates of their offices in order to bring development down to the people at the grassroots. The charge was given by the Bauchi State governor, Sen Bala Mohammed when the Caretaker Chairmen led by the Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Abdulrazak Nuhu Zaki visited him on solidarity at the Council Chambers, Government House Bauchi on Saturday. The governor who expressed disappointment on the inability of some of the Caretaker Chairmen to deliver as expected said that henceforth, he will not tolerate such act warning that anyone found wanting will be shown the way out for another man to come in. Bala Mohammed declared that: “I am disappointed for your inability to respect our elders or to hold meetings with stakeholders in your various Local Government Areas. This has negatively affected your administration which was supposed to be for the development of the grassroots. “You should be careful, you are not there to think it is a moneymaking venture opportunity, it’s an opportunity for you to serve the people. Majority of our supporters and people who voted us into power are under you, expecting good governance from you,” the governor stressed. The governor who charged them to consider themselves as his representatives in their respective areas enjoined them to work in close collaboration with elders and other critical stakeholders to ensure effective service delivery. He explained that, “the recent suspension of the 2 Caretaker Chairmen is not because we don’t like them, but they have engaged in the act, we must sanction them. I’m aware that most of you are doing more than that of the suspended Chairmen, but I will give you the opportunity to change if not, you would also be suspended.” Support Abiodun’s administration with prayers, we only… FG commends Kano over establishment of cancer centre South West Houses of Assembly get Amotekun bill coming week Anambra PDP strategising to oust APGA in 2021 ALSO READ: Support Abiodun’s administration with prayers, we only have one Ogun State ― Akinlade He, however, expressed satisfaction on the performances of some of the Chairmen especially for tackling the issue of ghost workers on their payrolls and appealed to all of them to be useful to their people by improving their living conditions. “You must respect the common man, we are voted to serve them, may Almighty Allah provide us with resources to enable us to meet the huge expectations of our people,” the governor advised. Bala Mohammed who pledged to release more funds to the Local Government Caretaker Chairmen to enable them to deliver, called on them not to consider political or religious differences in the implementation of their various developmental projects. In his opening remarks, State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Abdulrazak Nuhu Zaki, assured the governor that all the chairmen will ensure total compliance with the government’s directive to bring development down to the people. The Caretaker Chairman, Bauchi Local Government, Mohammed Abdullahi Baba, who spoke on behalf of the 20 Caretaker Chairmen, pledged to redouble efforts at meeting the needs of their people and reaffirmed their loyalty by being supportive to the governor. He also commended the governor for what he is doing for the development of the state stressing that within just a short period, people of Bauchi State are already feeling the positive impact of the PDP-led administration. Abdullahi Baba while urging his colleagues to continue to support the administration by the replication of the good works at the local government areas expressed happiness with the promise by the governor to make funds available to them. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.