Following the killings of village folks in Delta communities by suspected Fulani herdsmen, the Centre for Human Rights and Anti-Corruption Crusade (CHURAC) has called for the establishment of a regional security outfit in the South-South. President of CHURAC, Alaowei Cleric, Esq., in a statement made available to Tribune Online on Tuesday in Warri, Delta State, described the incessant killings by suspected Fulani herdsmen in the state as alarming. “It has gotten to an alarming dimension the rate at which Fulani herdsmen are perpetrating violence against their host communities. “The recent attack on Delta communities in Ughelli North LGA is condemnable. This is one attack too many,” he noted. ALSO READ: Kogi council poll: I have no preferred candidate – Senator Adeyemi Cleric, who had earlier lauded the Amotekun security outfit of the six states in Western Nigeria, further joined other notable Nigerians to insist that the government of President Muhammadu Buhari has failed in its responsibility of securing lives and property. This, he contended, justifies the reason for the establishment of regional security outfits as means of protecting lives and property on a regional basis. “There is no doubt that the present government at the centre has failed in its primary responsibility of securing lives and property. UPDATE: Declare state of emergency on security, Reps tell… Declare state of emergency on security, Reps tell FG Ooni, Alaafin, Sultan, others to brainstorm on security in… Current security architecture has failed Nigerians ― Senate… “That is the reason why Nigerians are agitating that the various regions should devise alternative security measures to protect lives and property. “Since the centre cannot hold any longer, the business of internal security should be given to the state governments. “This now gives credence to the South West regional security arrangement. The South-South geopolitical zone should launch their own immediately. “While we urge Nigerians in the various communities to be hospitable to strangers in their lands including Fulani herdsmen, we feel that an effective regional/state security measures will tackle criminal invaders in our communities. “We commend the Delta State Government for the prompt action. We also appeal to the affected communities to be law-abiding. Security agencies should be up and doing. “The communities affected deserved to be protected. “We want to re-echo our call for a regional security arrangement. Now that Governor Okowa has been chosen as the Chairman of South-South Governors Forum, he should use his wealth of experience to initiate a regional security outfit for the region. “The security situation in the country demands alternative security measures. We cannot be the last region to launch such very important security measures. “This call is becoming very important. It is either now or never,” he enthused. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.