The National Union of Electricity Employees, NUEE, has written the Minister of Power, Saleh Mamman and the Minister of Labour, Sen. Chris Ngige, intimating them that their members may not guarantee industrial peace in the power sector after February 14, 2020, over pending labour issues among others. The letter, dated January 29, 2020, was also sent to the Speaker, House of Representative, the Inspector General of Police, Director-General, State Security Service (SSS), the Senate Committee on Power, the Senate Committee on Labour, the House Committee on Power, and the House Committee on Labour. Signed by the General Secretary of NUEE, Comrade Joe Ajaero, the workers called on Nigerians to hold responsible the Minister of State for Power, Mr. Goddy Agba, for any breach to industrial peace in the sector. The threat by NUEE was coming less than two months after a nationwide strike by the union members over unresolved labour issues; which led to a nationwide blackout for two days. “If at the end of 14 working days these issues are not addressed, the union will resume its suspended Industrial Action of December 11, 2019.  That the whole country must hold the Minister of State, Power Mr Goddy Agba, responsible for the outcome of such action. “The union would have commenced a wild cat industrial action on the spot but for the respect we have for the office of the Speaker, House of Representatives and the Minister of Labour, our commitment to industrial peace and harmony. The petition read in part: “We wish to bring to your notice, the fact that seven (7) weeks after the agreement reached with your ministry and other relevant government agencies, that none of the issues agreed upon have been implemented. Further, take note that at the resumed sitting to review the issues, based on the letter the Minister of State, Power said he got from Security Agencies, the Minister of State, Power – Mr Goddy Agba, resorted to grandstanding, harassment, intimidation, banging of table and eventual walk out on the union representatives. Lagos APC tackles Jimi Agbaje over comments on Okada, Keke… CAN expresses shock over Buhari’s comment on Boko… NIMASA expresses readiness to flag vessels in international… Supreme Court verdict: Man who trekked from Katsina to Kano… “We observed that when the first item was raised on update from BPE, the BPE was absent at the meeting, we then advised that the matter be stepped down for other items to be discussed. “This infuriated the Minister of State, Power, who said he took exception to that, threatening that he is in control and competent to discuss on the BPE issue. When he was then called upon to provide information and update on the BPE and payments/verification of staff of Ex-PHCN, he could not. “The Union reminded him again that the BPE reports to the Vice President of The Federal Republic of Nigeria and not to the Ministry of Power. At that point he banged the table stood up and started shouting on top of his voice which attracted  security personnel who jumped into the meeting and threatened to beat us up. “He quickly announced that the meeting has been suspended and adjourned indefinitely. The union stayed back as a display of maturity and retired to the office of the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Power, where another meeting took place between the Union and the Permanent Secretary of Power till 8.30pm on other issues amicably.” In view of this un-ministerial behaviour of the minister of State, Power, the union  demanded “an unreserved apology from the Minister of State, Power for humiliation, intimidation, harassment and abuse of privilege, thereby undermining the interest of the workers in the sector.” The union also demanded that the minister must declare to Nigerians his relationship with Sahara Energy whose promoters have been involved in clandestine meetings with him against the interest of the Union. Also demanded a withdrawal of the statement that he has concluded arrangement to send us to Minister of Labour to deal with the union. The union also demanded that within 14 days all the issues agreed upon at the meeting of December 11, 2019 should be implemented without further delay, in view of the non-challant the approach adopted by the Minister of State, Power on issues affecting the welfare of our members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE