A National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) member posted to Grace Life International School in Oghara-Efe in Ethiope West Local Government Area of Delta State was reported to have been sexually violated on the first day of her resumption at the Place of Primary Assignment (PPA). Sadly, the alleged violator is one Michael Anigholor, the proprietor of the school. The unsuspecting lady had resumed at the school to commence her compulsory national service when Anigholor reportedly took her to his house and allegedly raped her. The distraught young lady promptly reported the incident to the police and the suspect has been apprehended and charged to court.  Generally, there is a proclivity for some persons to engage in violence and general acts of lawlessness in recent times and the motivations are oftentimes difficult to fathom. For instance, while the Boko Haram terrorists, bandits, killer herdsmen, ritualists and armed robbers may push forward patently untenable objectives like religious piety and economic improvement as their motives for taking to crime, what could possibly be the motivation of rapists?  And in the instance case, it is inconceivable that a proprietor of a school would be so callous and unfeeling as to sully a total stranger on a national service that would have ultimately benefitted his school. Undoubtedly, the suspect in this criminal and indecent conduct is a person who established a school ,ostensibly to help mould the lives of children and youths  to the end that they may excel in character and learning, but if the allegation against him is true, then obviously he is not an exemplar in that regard. Ordinarily, rape perpetrated by anyone is criminal and highly condemnable but it is even more unsettling and distasteful when the suspect is a personality that has been implicitly trusted to uphold the highest level of moral probity and to guide children and youths to embrace impeccable standards of character and conduct.  Why would any sane proprietor disrespect and even rape a corps member posted to his school?  Truth be told, this alleged dastardly act of violation of the  corps member’s  rights  in which a criminally-minded person presented a facade of a paragon of virtues eloquently demonstrates the appalling level of moral decadence in the society and the unremitting diminution in the core values of societal customs and traditions. It can only be imagined the level of disrespect that  many females in the school  and around this obviously reckless and undisciplined proprietor must have suffered, if he actually preyed so easily and swiftly on a total stranger. Good governance, our collective responsibility Insecurity and loose information Time to take girl-child education seriously Fire outbreak: FG tasks fire service on effective service… The police have done what is apposite in the circumstances by apprehending the suspect and arraigning him in the court of law. We recognise that it will be subjudice to comment on the core of the matter since it is already in court. However, the incident represents and reflects what is going on generally in the society and therefore a public censure of the unpleasant occurrence is not out of place in order to ensure that the case is properly taken to a logical conclusion so as to guide against the ugly trend. We urge the authorities of the NYSC to be on top of the case permanently; they should follow up on it. And on this score, it may be necessary for the NYSC to engage its own lawyers to hold watching brief since it is a criminal matter which involves the state versus the suspect. The NYSC should show more than a passing interest in the case because over the years, the rights of corps members have often been abused with impunity when they find themselves in unfamiliar environments. They are exposed to all manner of challenges of residential accommodation and other basic needs and it is really sickening to add to these, the issue of rape. The NYSC programme initiated by the government of General Yakubu Gowon in 1973 is unequivocal in its objective of fostering unity among Nigerian citizens in different parts of the country. While It is debatable that the goal of unity in diversity has been achieved by the NYSC,  some deplorable incidents like the one at issue, the killing and maiming of corps members on election duties and such other callous and unpatriotic tendencies  keep recommending the programme for a rethink or at least a major change in strategy. Nonetheless, we urge that the suspect in the instant case be diligently prosecuted and made to face the wrath of the law if found culpable to serve as a deterrent to other persons who may want to engage in dastardly acts against vulnerable citizens on national assignment. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.