How was Juwon Awe killed, and how did it happen? We were going to the location of a movie by Damola Olatunji in Ilorin, Kwara State when these Fulani herdsmen appeared on the road and started shooting at us. Juwon, who was driving,  tried to dodge them, and he was targeted and shot. The bullet entered through the side window and he was killed. When he was shot dead, we lost control and the car almost somersaulted. It was God that saved us. So, they came, attacked us, collected all our phones and gadgets and belongings. It was only the cloth we were wearing that they did not collect. There was one guy among them that was more like a Yoruba man. His Yoruba was so fluent. We were stranded there for almost six hours and they also robbed some other vehicles. We were lying down on the road there for almost six hours not knowing they had gone, because they told us if we looked up, they would kill us all. They said in pidgin, “we go gun all of you down”.  Who were those with you? My personal assistant was there with me, my younger brother who drives me was there also. Juwon just volunteered to drive me on the fateful day because my brother was tired.  There were reports that the deceased was your personal assistant? He was not my personal assistant. My P.A is a lady. Juwon was formerly with Odunlade Adekola but it seems they had some issues, and Odun told Juwon to leave. So, Juwon went to Kemi Afolabi’s place for some time before coming to meet me. He even went to meet Toyin Adegbola (Asewo to re Mecca) and she told him to let her see Odunlade first before anything. It was still today (Tuesday, January 28th) that I was thinking of taking him to TAMPAN meeting to beg Odunlade (Adekola) on his behalf. My thinking is that if he would not even take him back, let him be with one of us. So, it was since 2 of January that Juwon started coming to my place in Akure and I just felt I should help him, because I have known him for some time too with Odun.  So, would you say it was a targeted attack or was just a robbery gone bloody? They were just there looking for who to rob, because I don’t think they knew we were coming. VIDEO: Hausa riders in truckloads of okada move out of… Capacity building: Total to train Nigerian lecturers at MIT Police recover arms, arrest two suspects for armed robbery,… Rep member, Onyejeocha, pays over N12m WAEC fees for…  …and you are sure they were Fulanis? Of course, they are Fulanis. I saw them. I was the one they attacked, so I saw their faces and I know they are Fulanis. They were four in number, in fact, there was one person among them who was speaking Yoruba fluently, he could also be Fulani too though, but his Yoruba was fluent.  Did any other person sustain gunshot injury? No one, I only sustained injuries on my arm. I was hospitalised at the University Teaching Hospital in Ilorin, due to the shock and trauma I experienced during the attack.  What have the Police or the government done on this issue since then? We have reported the incident at the police command headquarters in Ilorin. They just said they would look into the issue and that we should bring all the parcels of our phones and gadgets, that they would help us retrieve them.  What are your words for the government and the people on this incident? What do I have to say to the government? There were cases that had happened in the past that were worse than this. What did the government do about them? We do not have security in Nigeria and we are no more secured. Do you know how many people who had lost their lives this year alone? Those Boko Haram and the Fulani herdsmen have killed are uncountable, what did the government do about it? Nothing! Even Fasoranti’s daughter who was killed; Fasoranti who is a notable Yoruba leader and one of the ‘who is who’ in this country, what did they do about it? And they are frustrating Amotekun, they do not want it to work. There is no security in Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE