The National Inter-Faith and Religious Organization for Peace (NIFROP) has expressed gratitude to God over a failed explosion attempt at a Living Faith Church in Kaduna on Sunday, declaring that with the failed attempt, which it described as despicable as well as condemnable, an impending religious war was averted. NIFROP, which recently commissioned 21-day fasting and prayer for the nation’s peaceful coexistence, said Nathaniel’s arrest was an evidence that God answers prayers, adding that it was an assurance that enemies of the country would be exposed. It would be recalled that Agbaje suspected suicide bomber, Nathaniel Samuel, had on Sunday been nabbed in Sabon Tasha, Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State after a failed attempt to bomb a Living Faith Church in the state. The lone bomber was reportedly spotted by the Close Circuit Camera Television (CCTV) of the church, and according to the security officers, Samuel was accosted and handed over to the police at the Sabon Tasha Divisional Police Station. ALSO READ: Water tank kills 2 students, injures others in Anambra Rev Dr Jeremiah Abutu, NIFROP Coordinating Secretary-General, in a signed statement, condemned the incident which would have led into national mourning and fingers pointed at wrong quarters. “This act is despicable as well as condemnable in the light that had the mission been successful; Nigeria would have been thrown into mourning of phenomenal proportion, and accusing fingers would have been pointed in the wrong direction, which would further heighten religious hostilities in the country. We thank God. “We are gathered here to thank God for averting such national tragedy and to state that God indeed has vindicated us as our prayers and supplication for God to continue to expose the forces of darkness that have plotted to cause a crisis in the country,” Rev. Abutu said. The cleric recalled that NIFROP had consistently stated in numerous forums that no religion encourages violence and no religion encourages the taking of lives under whatever guise, saying that “this is one of the victories that God is giving to the Church in the sense that united we can always defeat the forces of darkness that have conspired to destabilize Nigeria.” Abutu, however, lamented that more significant problem was not the despicable act of attempting to bomb a church, but the fact that most religious leaders in the country were not sincere enough to condemn the act because the suspected bomber, Samuel, is a Christian. According to him: “They have elected to shy away from the bitter truth of condemning this act. However, instead, they have chosen to play to the gallery and also attempt to shift blames all in a bid to change the narrative. “The National Inter-Faith and Religious Organizations for Peace is not in the habit of shying from the truth because we know for certain that the devil is neither a Christian nor a Muslim. What is evil is evil in both Christianity and Islam,” the cleric declared. Abutu expressed gratitude to God for putting the country’s enemies to shame by exposing the evil ones that had vowed to hide under cover of religion to perpetrate evil against the people, and after that, blame the crisis they sponsored on government’s inadequacies to tackle insecurity in the country. “We consequently wish to state that this revelation is just the tip of the iceberg as it has been revealed that in the fullness of time, the forces of darkness in Nigeria shall be exposed and put to shame. “As an organization, we have prayed and fasted for days and nights for God’s intervention in Nigeria. The revelations we received from these prayers and supplications are beginning to yield fruit, and we are grateful to the Most High who sits on the throne. “The National Inter-Faith and Religious Organizations for Peace wishes to state that at its recently concluded 21-day marathon fasting and prayers programme, it was revealed that the biggest victory for Nigeria against these agents of darkness would come after February 15 and the world will see the real faces of those behind Boko Haram for he would bring disgrace to their doorsteps. There shall be no hiding place for them anymore as God has declared that enough is indeed enough for these agents of darkness fighting for the soul of Nigeria. “The National Inter-Faith and Religious Organization for Peace would not relent in its prayers and supplication to God for his continued protection of Nigeria from those that are plotting evil against it,” he said. The cleric, while appreciating Nigerians, including NIFROP numerous that cut across the Christian and Muslim communities from all the states in Nigeria for the great efforts in praying for Nigeria, said the country was indeed on that path to greatness because President Buhari was God’s anointed for Nigeria, “and all those that have conspired against him shall be visited with shame in Jesus Name.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE