Coalition for Human Rights Monitoring Groups in Nigeria (CHRMGN) has accused Amnesty International (AI) of being behind new plot to discredit Nigeria’s military in its war against banditry, saying a British journalist, Conir Fortune was the tool deployed to promote misleading reports as a bait for the recruitment of terrorists. Convener of the group, Gabriel Agibi, raised the alarm on the latest gimmick deployed by AI on its dubious acts, in a statement made available to newsmen, saying in the past AI only indicted the hardworking military on non-existent allegations, but kept quiet on the atrocities committed by the terrorists. Agibi urged the international community to step in and order a stop to what he described as harassment of the Nigerian state and its institutions, noting that AI, following its well-known modus operandi, had again concocted and packaged a fiction as a report about incidents of human rights abuses committed by the Nigerian military. This was just as he recalled that the blockade of arms sales to Nigeria under the Barrack Obama regime in the United States was based on the series of the moonlight tales told by Al, declaring that “the record is there for all to see that by blocking arms sales to Nigeria, Amnesty International effectively put entire communities in harm’s way by giving terrorists the upper hand.” “It is not possible for this so called international human right NGO to feign ignorance about the negative impact of its activities. Enlightened Nigerians that are familiar with its activities were provoked enough that they occupied its premises to demand that it shuts down its deep state operation in the country,” CHRMGN said. Speaking further, Agibi said noted sadly that history was again repeating itself as Amnesty International was back from the drawing board with more deadly consequences, with the terrorists now maiming and killing people on a scale that could only have been ordered by it. According to him, CHRMGN found it worrisome that Al ramped up its strategy, using its latest report as a tool for terrorist recruitment, saying this approach has been consistent with what has been observed in the past. ALSO READ: Bayelsa violence: Prosecute Oshiomhole now, PDP tells IGP Pastors should come to me for deliverance   —Charly Boy I stopped eating her food ’cos she promised to  poison me… True ethnic origins of Nigeria’s past  presidents and Heads… The large tree “Amnesty International has equally opened another front against the military with its interference in the peacekeeping efforts in Afara-Ukwu, Abia State where they are cautioning the Army against doing its work of managing the terrorist activities of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). This is not minding that the terrorist members of IPOB are back to making the entire area unsafe for citizens of Nigeria. “This constant attempt to demonize the military in order to favour terrorists is one that the world must prevail upon Amnesty International to stop. It is immoral to promote terrorists against the interest of a sovereign nation. We have seen this strategy repeated too many times by Amnesty international with damaging outcomes hence our decision to raise the alarm and alert the world to this criminality that is being made to appear like advocacy. “Therefore, without prejudice to the explanations contained in the full version of the fictitious report to be published by Amnesty International, the Coalition for Human Rights Monitoring Groups in Nigeria condemns it in its entirety as irresponsible advocacy that places the interest of terrorists above the safety of law-abiding citizens. “We urge the international community to step in and order a stop to this harassment of Nigeria and its institutions. It is a culture of impunity that should not be allowed to continue because it exposes other nations to being treated the same way. Our charge to Nigerians is not to allow this slight and threat to the stability of Nigeria go unchallenged. Nigerians must rise up and disown Amnesty International and all it stands for. They must take their future into their hands and send this demonic NGO out of their country in order to have peace. “There have been previous efforts at making Amnesty International realize the errors of its ways, but which were discontinued after interventions from well-meaning respectable persons. This time, the action we propose against the NGO is final and must not be discontinued until it is verified that it has ceased operations in Nigeria. “We, therefore, urge all groups that have been picketing or demonstrating at Amnesty International office in Abuja or any other part of Nigeria to coalesce into one persistent mass of protesters so that the displeasure being registered about the criminal enterprise will be more effective. “We call on Nigerians on Twitter to report the handle, @WritesRights, for glorifying violence and inciting hatred against an entire country. Nigerians should also take the patriotic step of identifying all social media accounts associated to Amnesty International and their staffers and report such accounts for violation of acceptable standards. “We strongly advise Amnesty International and its staffers in Nigeria to treat this as a timely and friendly warning. The organization and those who implement its evil plans in Nigeria will now be treated in the same measure they have treated our dear country. They cannot expect to enjoy peace and tranquillity where they have sponsored terrorists to flood parts of the country with human blood,” the statement said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.