The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has been called upon to listen to the voice of reasoning by a Federal High Court over an interlocutory injunction restraining the Commission from deregistering political parties in the country Inter-Party Advisory Council of Nigeria (IPAC) has said. IPAC said in a statement made available to journalists that it has a pending suit in the Federal High Court 3 in Abuja where ruling on its interlocutory injunction has been fixed for February 17, 2020, thus, exposing INEC ruling as an affront on the Court. The statement was signed by Ezeobika Chukwudi Esq, National Legal Adviser, Inter-Party Advisory Council of Nigeria (IPAC), it reads as follows: “The Inter-Party Advisory Council of Nigeria, IPAC, views with serious concerns, the recent decision by the Independent National Electoral Commission in deregistering 74 political parties without observing due process and provisions of the law. “The Inter-Party Advisory Council of Nigeria is aware of an action instituted at the Federal High Court by 33 political parties, who are members of the Council in Suit Number FHC/ABJ/CS/444/2019 filed at the Federal High Court, Abuja seeking amongst other things, an Order restraining the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) from deregistering concerned political Parties pending the determination of the Suit. “The Federal High Court, upon hearing the Motion for an Interlocutory Injunction on the 23rd of January, 2020, adjourned for Ruling on February 17, 2020. “It is, however, reprehensible on the part of INEC to take such decision which is an affront on the judiciary, an abuse of the Court Process and a conscious disregard for the Rule of law. “By the action purportedly taken by INEC today, the Council is of a firm view that INEC as an institution no longer has regards or respect for the Rule of Law in Nigeria and has lost the confidence of political parties in the political affairs of the Nation. “The Council hereby calls on the Independent National Electoral Commission, to immediately reverse the purported decision in order not to infringe on the rights of political parties as guaranteed under the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (As amended) “By the Provisions of Sections 221 – 229, no provision is inferior or superior to the other. Defeat at elections shouldn’t be condition for… BREAKING: INEC fixes date for Edo, Ondo governorship… BREAKING: INEC axes 74 political parties INEC to create additional polling units before 2023… “Section 229 defines a political party to include an association whose activities shall include canvassing for votes in support of a candidate for election into a Local Government Council. “Furthermore, INEC as an institution ought to have been responsible enough to have waited until elections are held in all 774 LGAs and 8,809 Electoral Wards in Nigeria, after the signing of the 4th Alteration to the Constitution on June 4th 2018, before assuming that a party has not won any elective position. “It is, however, imperative to state that we must, as individuals or agencies of government, be careful not to foist a fait accomplish on the Court. “It is important to reemphasize the fact that 33 political parties, who are members of the Council, moved a motion in Court 3, at the Federal High Court in Abuja for an Order of interlocutory injunction restraining INEC from deregistering the concerned political Parties, pending the determination of the Suit. “The court adjourned for Ruling on February 17th, 2020 but the Independent National Electoral Commission proceeded in error to foist a state of helplessness on the court. “This is an affront on the judiciary and must be discouraged. ALSO READ: Gombe gov commends NJC for sitting Appeal Court division in his state “The Council calls on INEC to listen to the voice of reason and immediately reverse itself on this action.” The deregistration of 74 political parties has dealt a fatal blow to the office of the National President of tge Inter-party Advisory Council (IPAC) of Nigeria, Vhief Peter Ameh. Ameh emerged President of the Council on the platform of People’s Progressives Alliance (PPA) where he is the national chairman to qualify and contest for the exalted office of IPAC, conceived to provide constructive opposition to government and governance across the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.