The initial declaration by the Federal Government that Operation Amotekun was illegal and unconstitutional through the Attorney-General, Abubakar Malami, who later clarified the government’s stand by saying that the illegality of the outfit dwelled on the fact of its being a regional body instead of a state security network and, by implication it posed a threat to Nigeria’s sovereignty, is narrow-minded as it further exposed a decrepit leadership who knew full well that they’d lost touch with reality but nevertheless still pretended they are in control of the affairs of state. But it should be noted that the sudden U-turn by government to recognize Operation Amotekun the template that it should synchronize with community policing was a ploy to get an excuse when the North floats its own version. It becomes pertinent to ask: are we really a federal republic or a competitive republic where each constituent strives against the other’s interest? Everyone knows that it was time the Federal Government think up a synergy with the grass roots if it was determined to crush the monster of insecurity. Pastor Tunde Bakare, on January 26, 2020 brought another twist to the matter when he reasoned that it was the failure of those who were once in charge but greedily stashed the commonwealth of the federation for personal use that created the problem of insecurity. According to him, instead of creating jobs, they looted. He concluded that in the light of these failures, Operation Amotekun – although laudable – amounted to putting the cart before the horse. While his assertions are a true reflection of the situation today, it is necessary to question the basis of his moral standing for accusing the political class. This is because he who comes into equity must come with clean hands. He cannot claim ignorance of the fact that organised religion does not believe it was a decent responsibility to pay tax. Now, they claim to represent Jesus and collect every collectibles from their members in the name of God yet Jesus paid tax to the Romans. Organized religion in Nigeria claims to walk by faith but they are actually walking by sight. If they do not, how can a man who benefits from Nigeria’s economy not be willing to pay tax? It does not show that they believed in the reward to come after this life but then, one dared not talk about the ‘church’ paying tax to the government without proponents of this movement resorting to sentiments. Why ethics remain crucial in a challenged economy —experts Osinbajo, Sanwoolu laud Airtel on CSR initiative New tax regime will put Nigerian consumers at the receiving… From VAIDS to Finance Act: Nigeria in search of revenue… It is time to make Pastor Bakare understand certain roles the Church ought to play in nation building. For instance, how has the church contributed to government’s effort to cheapen education and make it accessible to all? Are church schools any cheaper? How has the Church contributed to complementing government’s effort to provide standard, organized and affordable healthcare? How many dams has the Church constructed since independence to make potable water get to places like Koma Hills? These are areas the government has been working tirelessly only for the Church to use them for free and then turn around to criticize. Pastor Bakare’s words should henceforth be scripted to show his own efforts to add value to society beyond just preaching and, why the government should emulate him. Comrade Ifeanyichukwu Mmoh, Abuja. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE