THE Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its governorship candidate of the November 16, 2019 governorship election in Kogi State, Engineer Musa Wada, on Monday, listed a total of 259 witnesses to give evidence at the tribunal. Wada and his party had in December 2019, filed their petition against the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC), Governor Yahaya Bello and the All Progressives Congress (APC) before the Kogi State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Abuja. They are challenging the outcome of the November 16, 2019 election in the state, which according to them, did not reflect the actual votes cast at the election. They are consequently asking the three-man panel headed by Justice Kashim G. Kaigama, to determine and declare that the second respondent (Bello) was not duly elected and/or returned by a majority of lawful votes cast during the election. They are also seeking a declaration that neither the second nor the third respondent scored the majority of lawful votes cast at the election to the office of the state governor. They are therefore praying the tribunal to issue an order nullifying the Certificate of Return issued to Bello by INEC and in addition, issue an order nullifying the entire governorship election conducted in the state by reason of substantial non-compliance with the provisions of the Constitution and extant Electoral Act 2010 (As amended). At the pre-hearing sitting which held on January 30, the court after listening to parties adjourned till yesterday for hearing proper on the pre-hearing application and when the court resumed, several applications were moved by parties while some were withdrawn without objection by the opposing party. ALSO READ: Gani Adams tasks FG on new power generation strategy to boost Nigeria’s economy However, due to the fact that one of the motions was not ripe for hearing, the tribunal extended the pre-hearing period till Thursday to conclude all pre-hearing applications. Anambra PDP strategising to oust APGA in 2021 Kogi Court discharges man charged for culpable homicide Ajaokuta resuscitation: Kogi’s Gov Bello visits… Kogi govt to rehabilitate abandoned waterworks Before adjourning the matter till Thursday, parties also took time to agree on the number of witnesses to be called as well as documents to be tendered in evidence. Counsel to the petitioners, Jibril Okutepa (SAN), told the tribunal that his clients have listed 259 witnesses to give evidence in court within 14 days. Meanwhile, counsel to the first respondent, Dr. Alex Izinyon (SAN), had announced that his client, (INEC) has listed 271 witnesses. Also, counsel to the second respondent, Chief Joseph B. Daudu (SAN) announced that his client, Governor Bello has 120 witnesses on his list while counsel to APC, Ahmed Raji (SAN), announced a total of 250 witnesses. Each of the respondents had prayed the court to allow them to call all their witnesses within the stipulated 10 days. But the court had queried the rationale behind the 271 witnesses listed by INEC and consequently, the number was reduced to 200. The respondents also agreed to adjust the number of their witnesses if the petitioners adjust theirs. In his ruling, Justice Kaigama-led panel after eight hours sitting, held that parties are entitled to call their witnesses. The tribunal, however, reduced the number of days the petitioners have to call their witnesses to 10 days each while those of the respondents are reduced six days each. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.