Barely one year into his four-year tenure, Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir has been described as the best option for the presidency come 2023 general elections because present leadership has failed. The expression was made by a political pressure group known as ‘The Strategic Initiative for Good Governance’ during a press conference held at the NUJ Press Center, Bauchi on Saturday, declaring that the agitation became necessary considering that the present APC-led Federal Government has failed Nigerians. National Coordinator of the group, Comrade Mohammed Abubakar Jibo who read the text of the briefing opined that though 2023 is still 3 years away, it is good to start planning for it now because according to him, in no distant time it will just come. He said further that the call for Bala Mohammed was necessitated by his outstanding performance when he served as the FCT Minister and what he has so far done in Bauchi state within a short period of time as the Governor. The National Coordinator added that, “his exceptional leadership style, administrative conversance, prudence in management of resources, kindheartedness, tolerance and above all honesty of purpose lend credence to our choice. The decision to this association to call on Bala Mohammed to contest 2023 presidential election is both irreversible and non-negotiable”. Thai soldier holed up in shopping mall after killing 17 in… NCDC investigating strange illness in Benue ― DG Aisha Buhari Foundation to train 750 indigent students in… Residents #OccupyLagos, protest #OkadaBan ALSO READ: NCDC investigating strange illness in Benue ― DG On the spate of insecurity in the country, the group lamented that the present federal government has lost the battle as according to the group, “the increasing rate of insecurity occasioned by the activities of insurgents, militia, cattle rustlers and kidnappers have made things worse for Nigerians”. It added that, “social problems such as increasing rate of unemployment and youth restiveness, corruption in virtually all government organs and gross abuse of public office, infringement of fundamental human rights and flagrant violation of court orders by those in positions of authority in addition to executive interference in both the judicial and electoral processes, abject poverty occasioned by harsh economic weather and Infrastructural decay are all signs of failure”. The group concluded that, “in addition to other emerging challenges including ethno-religious conflicts which bedevilled the country, necessitated the group to cogitate and brood over those issues of great national concern and to work towards finding or proffering solutions to these daunting challenges”. It, therefore, called on teeming members of the group across the country as well as other groups with similar views to get prepared for a massive rally which is slated for 25th March, 2020 in Abuja for the unity and development of the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.