A septuagenerian, Nosiru Akolemobasi, and three others were on Tuesday remanded in the custody of the Nigeria Correctional Services (NSC) by a Lagos State Magistrates Court sitting in Igbosere, over alleged malicious damage of property and fence valued N4,950,000. 70-year-old Akolemobasi, alongside 69-year-old Otunba Gbenga Kuti, 66-year-old Jamiu Aro and 53-year-old Sanni Yusuf, were arraigned before Magistrate, Mr A. O. Alogba. The defendants whose residential address was not given, are facing a five-count charge, bordering on conspiracy, unlawful and malicious damage and breach of peace preferred against them by the police. The prosecutor, Anthony Ihehime, told the court that the defendants and others at large conspired amongst themselves to commit the alleged offences. Ihehime said that the incident took place on December 21, 2019, along Kasolori village, Itamaga Obafemi road, Adele, Ikorodu in Lagos State. He said that the defendants willfully and maliciously damaged the fence and property of one Regun Keyoolu family, with a caterpillar. The prosecutor also alleged that the defendants damaged the fence and property of one Olajide Saheed, valued N2,750,000. “The defendants also damaged the fence and property of one Omotayo Festus Olaitan, valued at N2.2million, with a caterpillar,” He said. ALSO READ: Reps quiz Immigration over under-declaration of N11.2bn revenue Ihehime said, “they entered the land of Regun Keyoolu family and conducted themselves in a manner likely to cause the breach of peace”. Good governance, our collective responsibility Insecurity and loose information Time to take girl-child education seriously Fire outbreak: FG tasks fire service on effective service… According to him, the offences committed are punishable under Sections 411,339 (1) and 53 (1) of the criminal law of Lagos State, 2015. However, the defendants pleaded not guilty to the charges against them. The counsel to the defendants, Jude Ozemohya, urged the court to grant the defendants bail in a very liberal term. He said that the defendants are responsible men in the society, adding that if granted bail, they will not jump bail. While responding to the submission of the defendants’ lawyer, Ihehime, objected to the bail. He said “I would be opposing their bail, on the ground that if granted bail, they will not attend the court proceedings. They will travel outside the country because they are very influential people. “Stringent bail conditions should be given to them so that they will attend the trial. When they were given administrative bail some of them didn’t come back, that is why you have others at large, in the charge,” the prosecutor stated. After listening to both parties, Magistrate Alogba, granted the defendants bail, in the sum of N500,000 each, with two sureties each in like sum. He said that they must show evidence of tax payment to the Lagos State government, deposit their international passport with the court and have their address verified. Magistrate Alogba remanded them at the NCS, pending the time they are able to perfect their bail conditions. The case was adjourned till April 15, 2020, for mention. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.