The Senate on Wednesday considered a bill seeking to establish the National Commission Against the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons. It was sponsored by the senator representing Kogi west, Smart Adeyemi. Senator Adeyemi in his lead debate said the commission when established would identify sources and routes of small arms and ammunition; identify those involved in the illicit trade and provide harmonisation of intelligence and information collection. He further noted that the proliferation of small arms and weapons was responsible for the scary security situation in certain states in the continent. He said: ”The proliferation of these weapons affects the intensity and duration of violence and encourages militancy rather than a peaceful resolution of unsettled differences.” He further argued that unrestricted access to arms has complicated the security challenge in the country, as he noted that “there is general insecurity as most parts of the country experience high-level crimes perpetrated using illicit arms.” Citing a United Nations report, Adeyemi raised concerns that “a substantial percentage of illegal arms that is in circulation in West Africa are in Nigeria. “This has fueled violent conflicts as witnessed in the Niger Delta, kidnapping in the South East, armed robbery pandemic in the South West, ethnic-religious violence on the Plateau, and the Boko Haram operations in the North-East, a situation which has plunged the nation into serious state of insecurity.” He warned further that the uncontrolled arms have also impacted on the country’s democracy and development negatively. “Electoral violence by gun-wielding thugs and assassinations of several political leaders since 1999, have jeopardised free and fair elections in many states of the federation. How can government create jobs without understanding… On the girl-child education Attack on farmers in Agbon village Understanding girls’ sexuality at puberty “There are numerous ways by which small arms can be smuggled into the country because of their light-weight and concealable nature. Trucks have been used to smuggle arms into the country, while a number of them are brought in on donkeys, camels and on foot. ALSO READ: Suspend presentation of national identity card as precondition for scholarship, Reps tell PTDF “Also, Small Arms Survey (SAS) has reported on Malian arms smugglers packing small arms in waterproof sacks, attaching them into the bottom of boats for transfer to countries along the River Niger. “The effects of illegal arms and weapons of terror in Nigeria are self-explanatory and calls for concerted efforts by all and sundry to successfully prosecute this war against terror. The support, collaboration and involvement of all genuine stakeholders is a condition precedent to winning the war.” Senator Adamu Aliero in his contribution accused men of the Nigerian Customs Service of conniving with arms dealers to smuggle in small arms into the country through the borders. He added that if the bill was not passed into law by the National Assembly, “violence will continue” unabated. Senator representing Taraba South, Emmanuel Bwacha called for concerted efforts to stem the unwholesome tide of uncontrolled access to arms, citing the United States which he claimed lacks strong gun control laws, “and they are paying dearly for it today. “It is better to have control of arms than allow every Tom, Dick and Harry to possess arms. In doing this, we must do it with genuine intention.” Contributing to the debate, Senator Abdullahi Adamu (APC – Nasarawa West), lamented that the proliferation of small arms has become a thriving business because those involved in the illicit trade are not apprehended by the relevant security agencies. The bill which scaled second reading on the floor during plenary was referred by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, to the Committee on National Security and Intelligence, to report back in four weeks. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NAFDAC APPROVED JAMES BOND.