BEFORE the Late Mrs Maryam Ibrahim Babangida came along, you could almost say that in Nigeria, the role of First Lady was non-existent. However, it has been 10 years since Maryam passed on, and close to 30 years since her family left the seat of power. It is common knowledge that it was she who animated the office of the First Lady, bringing music and colour to the political jungle at the time. She founded the Better Life Programme to empower rural women and liberate them from poverty, a feat that was as radical in scope then as it would be now. Her death in 2009, at 61 reminded many that if there were world enough and time, women such as Maryam Babangida would never stop changing lives. Over the years, the Better Life Programme’s change of leadership has not altered the positive atmosphere and work of its predecessor, and those who valued the work done at the organisation. To celebrate and remember her efforts to transform the lives of Nigerian women, a day when people can come together to immortalise their memory in regards to all the good deeds they did when they were alive, was set aside for the First Ladies. Although this is the first of its kind in Nigeria, it definitely would not be the last, according to the organisers. The former First Ladies invited were from varied eras such as 1960-1985; Mrs.Uche Azikwe, Mrs.Victoria Ironsi, Mrs.Victoria Gowon, Mrs.Ajoke Mohammed, 1985-2015, Mrs.Turai Yar’Adua, Mrs. Fati Lami Abubakar and Mrs. Paitence Jonathan, to give audience members insight into their lives as First Ladies, as well as acknowledge their roles in national development. It was a solemn moment during a minute of silence for the First Ladies who passed on; Hajiya Tafawa Balewa, Mrs. Stella Obasanjo, Mrs. Flora Azikwe, Aisha Shagari, Safinatu Buhari and Maryam Ibrahim Babangida. The event began with the rendition of the national anthem immediately the First Lady, Mrs. Aisha Buhari, and the wife of the Vice President,Mrs. Dolapo Osibajo, arrived at about 11.20am. The video, featuring General Ibrahim Babangida welcoming guests to the event, and thanking the former First Ladies and indeed everyone present at the event, was also showed. The former Military Head of State said Nigeria needs the wisdom of the former FLs more than ever before. He admonished the younger generation to follow the footsteps of the mothers of the nation. The event’s chief convener, Aisha Babangida, daughter of Maryam Babangida, said the event was to honour the contributions of our First Ladies who were often underestimated, and disregarded by society as mere accessories to their husbands. In reality, First Ladies uphold a sense of national dignity and project warmth across all levels of society. “Culturally and politically, wives of Presidents must assume their role without a rule book! We will revisit key historical developments and see the growth of the nation through their eyes,” she said. She further went on to the emphasize that the original mothers of the nation were not merely accessories or  luxuries on the arms of their husbands;  instead they were/are steadfast support  systems that kept our leaders grounded not just emotionally but mentally. On what she intended to achieve via galvanising all First Ladies during an event organised to mark the 10th anniversary of the death of Mrs Babangida, in Abuja, chairperson to the Board of Trustees, Better Life Programme for The African Rural Woman, Aisha said the event aimed to revisit history so as to move forward and have them champion causes to support the development of Nigeria. Aisha said the event was powered by the Better Life Program for the African Rural Woman in remembrance of our founder her excellency, Mrs Maryam Babangida and the First Ladies who had the opportunity to share their stories, experiences, challenges, wisdom and above all, their fondest memories of her mother. Aisha said the event was received by Nigerians and the feedback was exceptional, adding that the current First Lady and the Vice President’s wife graced the occasion. ‘’But what was important was seeing the beautiful mothers of the nation and listening to them,’’ she said. In giving honour to her predecessors, Mrs Aisha Buhari said she was particularly pleased to be at the event. She noted that Aisha Babangida watched her mother impact the nation positively. “It must be fulfilling for Aisha to honour and remember her mother in this beautiful manner,” she said. Raufu Olaniyan: A true Omoluabi @ 60 The Ekiti State six-month  maternity leave Ayade and the dreams of our founding fathers Tech-U VC warns students against cultism, exam malpractice Mrs Buhari commended Mrs Babangida for “initiating the National Women Commission as the first institutionalised machinery for women’s development in the country, which led to the concept of women in development becoming a permanent feature in development planning.” She added that “all first ladies that came after her initiated programmes in order to add value to the work of their husbands.” During a panel discussion, Mrs Ajoke Murtala Mohammed said most Presidents are pretty isolated. The First Lady may be able to feel the pulse of the nation more. The First Lady is the important third eye/leg of her husband. The First Lady should watch the mood of the nation and her husband’s. She shouldn’t distract him. She should help him deliver on his mandate. She should walk gently alongside her husband, while consoling him during trials and celebrating his victories. There is no job description for the First Lady. It is a unique opportunity to help people. It’s all about service to the country. The First Lady  should be a good listener and never be in competition with your husband, the President. Maryam Babangida raised her children well to be quiet, humble and respectful. The First Lady should make sure her husband’s wardrobe is up to date. The FL is the quiet hand behind the throne”. On her part, Mrs. Victoria Gowon said “I was a young girl who married a soldier. I never saw myself as a First Lady, but I was simply Mrs. Gowon. “The Civil War was raging then. But I give kudos to the older women in the Military who helped me. The First Lady should be a companion to her husband to help him with anything. My partnership with my husband has lasted 50 years. I had no template to guide me while in the State House. After the war, all I wanted was to go back to the barracks, but that was not to be. The rest is history”. Mrs. Victoria Aguiyi-Ironsi was quite hilarious with her expose. She also emphasised the fact that the First Lady needs the encouragement of her husband to bring out the very best in her. Mrs. Turai Yar’Adua said many condoled with her on the demise of her husband while in office. It was Mrs Yar’Adua who championed the ‘African First Ladies’ Peace Mission’ now housed in the Institute for Peace & Conflict Resolution, Abuja. It was during Mrs. Patience Jonathan’s tenure that the edifice was completed. “Sometimes I meet with militants at the villa at 2am to persuade them to lay down their arms. When we have negotiated up to a point, I now tell my husband about it. He was always dumbfounded and scared for me”, Turai said. Mrs. Fati Abubakar said “every First Lady should be prepared for verbal assault from the public. You cannot afford as First Lady to respond to every criticism. You are there as First Lady to support your spouse. You must run anything and everything you wish to do by him” Mrs Unoma Akpabio, former First Lady Akwa Ibom State, said though she never met Maryam Babangida, but what she knew and read about her impacted her positively as First Lady. She drew inspiration from her example to initiate laudable projects in her state. Aisha Babangida, in a closing speech, acknowledged the works of the mothers and the roles they played as National role models, appealed to the First Ladies and invited guests;  gathered at the Congress Hall of Transcorp Hilton in Abuja to continually be steadfast in their outreaches  across the country, helping people grow, fostering peace across interstate lines as well as stand united, in order to build a transparent, loving and tolerant society based on mutual trust and respect. The event was in remembrance of Mrs. Maryam Babangida, a quintessential woman, who dedicated her life to emancipating the women of Nigeria. The aim was to create awareness about the tremendous positive impact of African First Ladies (especially Nigerians) on their nation-states. At the end of the Conference, it was recommended that the achievements of First Ladies should be highlighted, the positive contributions of First Ladies should be documented at every turn and embedded in Nigeria’s history. Parts of the recommendations was that the ability of First Ladies to engender national cohesion should be encouraged and enhanced, especially in times of conflict, among others. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NAFDAC APPROVED JAMES BOND. LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN