International Islamic Relief Organization (IIRO) and the Muslim World League in Collaboration with Bauchi State Orphans and Vulnerable Children Agency, has disbursed the sum of N128,000,000 to the vulnerable children across Bauchi State. While speaking at the disbursement on Wednesday, Bauchi First Lady, Aisha Bala Mohammed told the gathering, especially the parents and guardians of the beneficiaries to use the money for what it is meant for, and not to siphon the money for the luxury of life, or other selfish purposes. She added that “we want the children to become leaders of the next generation in the state and beyond” and then thanked the Muslim World League and IIRO for finding Bauchi state’s vulnerable people among the beneficiaries across the Country. In her speech during the disbursement of the fund, Director General of Bauchi State Orphans and Vulnerable Children Agency (OVCA), Mrs. Hassana Arkila pointed out that the relief funds will be a morale booster for the vulnerable and Orphan children in the state, and to continue their education and be productive members of the society, as well as having a meaningful life. Hassana Arkila also explained that only 371 Orphans were cleared among 489 enrolled under the sponsorship of IIRO, noting that, they suspended their activities in Nigeria since 2008 due to some problems, until last year, 2019 and now 2020 when they resumed the humanitarian services. Ladan Salihu urges Bauchi government house staffs to comply… Return to site or refund our money, Bauchi governor warns… Discovery of oil will not divide us, Bauchi gov assures… Bauchi to restore lost glory of traditional institution for… ALSO READ: UPDATE: Declare state of emergency on security, Reps tell Buhari she said that this is a rear opportunity to this historic and collective social responsibility for the disbursement of orphans’ allowances as part of the responses, in improving the well being of Orphans and vulnerable children in Bauchi state and Nigeria as a whole. The Chief of Staff Government House, Dr. Ladan Salihu who witnessed the disbursement ceremony said that the identified less privileged in the state did not in any way enjoy the comfort of other children in the society, he, therefore, said this is a memorable day for the vulnerable and orphans in their lifetime. Ladan Salihu also extended the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir’s message that the state government is ever ready to collaborate with donor organizations in fighting poverty in its entity throughout the state, and thanked the organizations for a giant stride in observing the disbursement of the funds direct to vulnerable people as planned. Fathima and Yusuf who hail from Azare and in Katagum and Misau LGAs were among the orphans who received the money saying the sky will be their starting point to sponsor their education and other needs SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.