Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has urged the Federal Government to stop playing politics with the Ogoni clean up exercise for the programme to succeed and deliver the needed development to the people. Speaking during a courtesy visit by the Minister of Environment, Dr Mohammad Mahmood Abubakar on Thursday the governor urged the Federal Government to come out with the terms for the implementation of the Ogoni Clean-up exercise as recommended by the UNEP Report. He noted that since 2016 when the Ogoni Clean-up exercise was flagged off, no tangible milestone has been achieved saying; ” I am not happy that the Rivers State Government is not part of the cleanup exercise. Nobody has ever briefed the state Government. The programme has been politicised” “The only way the programme will work is when we all work together. The programme is not working because they see it as politics. They are using unqualified contractors to execute the project.” The Governor said rather than telling the world the level of success attained, the Federal Government continues to circulate the same old story of handing over remediation sites to contractors. “It is unfortunate that no tangible effort has been achieved. Handing over the remediation site to contractors does not mean the work has been done.” ALSO READ: Police kill three armed robbery suspects in Onitsha Court remands 4 oil & gas directors over  alleged £2.6bn… Coronavirus, Lassa fever: FG offers N36m to scientists for… UPDATE : Ekiti Assembly passes Amotekun bill into law BREAKING: Strange ‘fetish-like’ object causes… “Since 2016 till date, its the same story because the people are from this part of the country. It is unfortunate. The Federal Government is supposed to come up and say that they have been able to achieve about 30% of the cleanup in Ogoniland. “What I want to hear is we have achieved about 30%, we have achieved about 40% of the cleanup. The Federal Government should tell the people if they are not ready to clean up of Ogoniland” he said. He regretted that some Ogoni sons are part of the challenges negating the successful clean up of Ogoniland. He said Ogoni people working with the exercise should tell the world if they are satisfied with the programme. “I support the cleanup, but the Rivers State Government will not do what it doesn’t know. Also, the lack of clean up of Ogoniland is caused by Ogoni sons and daughters because of politics. I challenge Ogoni sons to tell the world if they are satisfied with the cleanup exercise in Ogoniland” he said. Earlier, the Minister of Environment, Dr. Mohammad Mahmood Abubakar said they were in the state to handover additional thirty-six remediation sites to contractors as part of the Cleanup Exercise. He lauded the Rivers State Governor for demonstrating a strong commitment for the Ogoni Clean-up Exercise since the inception of the programme in 2016. He added that four hundred women in the area will also be trained as part of the cleanup exercise at the Rivers State Songhai Farm. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.