A London-based businessman and an aspirant in the 2021 governorship election in Anambra State, Hon. Ike Oligbo, has said that his burning desire to redeem his state of origin from what he described as infrastructural decay knows no bounds, as he plans to replicate what he has seen abroad in Anambra State. Oligbo revealed his mission to Anambra State when he visited the PDP secretariat in Awka at the weekend to intimate the state executives of his intention to pursue his gubernatorial ambition on the platform of the party. He noted that from what he has seen so far in the state, Anambra deserves the attention like a pregnant woman. He said the present state government under the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA), was not doing enough to give the state a facelift infrastructure-wise but if given the mandate in 2021, he would cause a veritable and verifiable infrastructural development across the 179 communities that constitute Anambra State. He said, “they might have been doing their best but their best is not good enough. We need to repair and reconstruct every road in Anambra. “What I want to do is to bring what I call Western Standard into Anambra. I want everyone to see Anambra as a model of all states in Nigeria. 2023: North’ll support candidate with commitment to address… 33rd AU Summit: African leaders reject Trump’s Mideast peace… FIIRO DG not awarded a PhD certificate ― ICPC Police arrests Ansaru members linked to attack on Emir of… ALSO READ: Only improved funding will prevent NISER from collapse, DG tells FG “Every village, every town, all the nooks and crannies of Anambra will have to be tarred to look good. That is my goal. That is what I intend to do when it comes to infrastructure. “I have other things in mind and I also have other ideas but infrastructure is most paramount because when you have good roads and security, people will be able to do business conveniently but when you have bad roads, everything comes to standstill.” Hon. Oligbo expressed confidence that he would win the 2021 governorship elections to enable him to bring his objectives and laudable ideas to fruition to change Anambra from what he described as developmental backwardness. The guber aspirant also said that youths would form an integral part of his government, stressing that he has been supporting youths financially and otherwise in the last 10 years. He explained that youths were very important for the country and for the state, noting that his administration would have a special place for the youth such that if one is born in the country, he would ensure that such an individual does not regret being a citizen of Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.