Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Wednesday declared that henceforth, the elevation of any person to the position of permanent secretary will now be based on examination and rigorous interviews, saying a fundamental change had been instituted in the State Civil Service to necessitate such. Besides, the governor said the regular promotion of civil servants from one level to another would be based “strongly” on performance- a move disrupting the grade level model being used by the Civil Service. Governor Sanwo-Olu unveiled the new rules at the launch of knowledge-sharing platform tagged: “A Disruptive S.H.i.F.T” which took place at Adeyemi Bero Auditorium, Secretariat, Alausa. This was just as the governor, who was visibly thrilled by the wizardry of the young civil servant, Mr Seun Ogunmolu, a Level 8 officer in the Ministry of Budget and Planning, with a double promotion to Level 10 for developing a user-friendly mobile application named “Alausa sabi” to aid seamless communication and efficiency of the entire Lagos Government workforce. The event, organised by the ministry, was created with an objective to harness the creativity and innovativeness of civil servants to transform the State’s Public Service into a 21st-century workforce. S.H.i.F.T is an acronym for Simple, High-Impact, interactive, Focused, Transformational. The governor said the reward system in the Lagos public service must be performance-based, declaring that the scheme would bring back the culture of commitment to work. “From today on, I assure you that our public service will be performance-based. For anyone to be appointed as a permanent secretary, such person will have to sit for an examination and pass through the interview process. “If we use the permanent secretary as a testimony, everyone will know that it is performance-based, and not based on connection. It was something we started years ago and I think we have to go back to it,” the governor said. Sanwo-Olu urged civil servants to demonstrate high-level commitment in their various areas of duty and be mentors to their colleagues in the lower cadre of service, noting that the innovative programme brought an opportunity for those in the employment of the state to learn, unlearn and relearn for improved service delivery. Sanwo-Olu to FG: Make Lagos-Badagry expressway international… Sanwo-Olu, Canadian mayor discuss bilateral cooperation in… Court acquits three suspected pipeline vandals in Lagos 23-yr-old man allegedly stabs parents to death, injures… ALSO READ: Scientists discover new mysterious virus in Brazil Besides, the governor was also thrilled by the presentation of a Level 15 officer, Mrs Temitope George, who raised the need by the civil servant to shift their mindsets to a more productive and innovative engagement, which, she said, must be anchored on respect. “We believe the future is with the young people. If you check the demography of Lagos, the youth are the future. So, we are going to use Seun as an example to demonstrate that there is hope for the youth. “Seun is a Level 8 officer, who, for the past three and half years, is due for promotion to Level 9. But, for this high-level performance he displayed, he will be earning a double promotion to Level 10,” Sanwo-Olu said. He commended the two speakers at the event, Mrs. George and Ogunmolu for leading innovation in their respective areas of duty, disclosing that both of them would be nominated for National Productivity Award (NPA). He assured that his administration would continue to reward personnel that demonstrated high-level commitment and performance in the discharge of their duties. Commissioner for Establishments, Training and Pensions, Mrs Ajibola Ponnle, said the S.H.i.F.T. initiative was about changing the way “we think, behave and do things.” According to her: “The objectives of the S.H.i.F.T programme is to share innovation and creative ideas that will move the State public service into the 21st century workforce. It seeks to connect knowledgeable resource persons within and outside the State public service to the generality of the public servants. “It will bring together people with different perspectives so they can understand each other better and to empower everyone to share their knowledge for the benefit of the rest of the State Public Service. “The platform will facilitate employee communication and engagements. It will keep public servants abreast of modern trends in identified subject areas and serves as a means of public communication.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.