Belema Indigenous Oil Company, operator of Oil Mining Lease OML 25 on Sunday called for the declaration of the state of emergency in the education sector, saying there is a need for total overhauling. Chief Executive Officer(CEO) Engr. Jack-Rich Tein, made the call on Sunday in a closing ceremony of the Founder’s Day 20th Anniversary organised by Archdeacon Brown Education Centre, ABEC Group of Schools in Port Harcourt. Tein who was also the special guest of honour during the event was represented by Mr Abel Jombo, the head of corporate communication for Belema Group of Company said that the country presently is faced with two major problems, insecurity and drought in education. “Insecurity talks about our today’s existence, our problem in educational sector talks about our future. Now if we have a problem today hovering around insecurity, and we are still toiling with the problem we are going to condone tomorrow when we downplay issues about education, then we don’t have a country. “We also don’t have a future, so I think as much as everybody is clamouring about state of emergency in security sector, we should also clamour for state of emergency in our educational sector because a lot needs to be done looking at the percentage of the 2020 budget voted for educational sector,” he said. He commended ABEC Group of Schools for its standard commitment in education, promised to equip the school diagnostic centre and support the school through Belema Oil education scholarship programme. Infrastructure dev’t:  SEC emphasizes the need to attract… Nigerian Breweries to pay N1.51kobo/share final dividend Equities investors exchange N10.75bn worth in bearish trade Lead well, live well, gain immortality ALSO READ: Bayelsa: PDP Reps caucus calls for prosecution of Oshiomhole, APC over breach of electoral law Mrs Ibim Semenitari, the former Acting Managing Director, of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), in her speech, commended the founder of ABEC Group of Schools, Dr Christie Toby, and the Chairman ABEC Group, Sir Gabriel Toby, who saw the vision as an educationist to provide quality education to the people regardless of their class or status. Semenitari, who is currently the Executive Manager of ABEC Group of Schools, said that the school as an inclusive education centre within 20 years had produced ex-student who are currently doing well in the United Nation Marine, South Sudan, Canada, Nigeria, among other countries of the world. She urged parents to partner with the school authority to ensure that the students were protected from social vices and be sensitive to notice when their children were passing through trauma. Similarly in her speech, Mrs Ijeoma Okoro, the chairman of the occasion said that the country is at the point where it needs to jig the educational system so that a child will grow up not killing the father, or daughters not killing their husbands like we are beginning to hear presently. Okoro stated that where a child was educated matters in the society. She commanded ABEC Group of Schools for its outstanding quality education within the 20 years and advised parents not to force their children to study what they don’t want to study in schools, rather they should allow them to discover their talents. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.