UPON her election on February 23, 2019 as the only female federal lawmaker from Oyo State, Honourable Tolulope Akande-Sadipe, representing Oluyole Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives realised the weight of expectations from her, especially when her party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), lost the governorship election and control of the state. Just before members of the ninth National Assembly could settle down following their inauguration on June 13, 2019, Honourable Akande-Sadipe swung into action, rolling out various empowerments and providing constant welfare support for her constituents in keeping with the promises she made while seeking their votes. The lawmaker recently launched a N25 million scholarship scheme for tertiary institution students in her constituency. Each of the 25 beneficiaries of the first phase of the got N100,000 dummy cheque, while the actual amount will be paid directly into the account of their schools to cater for the tuition fee and other expenses. Akande-Sadipe explained at the ceremony that the beneficiaries would enjoy the scholarship from 2019 to 2023, when they are expected to have graduated. She told newsmen that each year, a new set of beneficiaries would be added to those currently on board until the N25 million set aside for the scheme is exhausted. “The reason I believe so passionately in helping to provide opportunity such as this is because education has the potential of transforming our nation, thereby creating progress and growth. “Every citizen is a pillar of the nation and every nation rests on billions of such pillars. The more educated the pillars are, the stronger the nation’s foundation would be. “In the midst of these scholars from Oluyole Federal Constituency, I see tomorrow’s medical professionals, scientists, law-enforcement officers, business executives, writers, lawyers. I hope a few of you someday will become legislators like me or even governor of Oyo State. Trust me, I will vote for you,” she said. Mr William Olufemi, the father of one of the beneficiaries, Esther Olufemi, a 100-Level student of the Department of Chemical Engineering, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, Osun State, while appreciating the lawmaker, described the scholarship as “a lifeline and a big relief” for his family. He explained that since he was deported to Nigeria from Spain a couple of years ago, he had been living from hand to mouth and borrowing for the upkeep of his family, just as he said a job had not been forthcoming despite several attempts at getting one. Not done yet, Honourable Akande-Sadipe, last week, facilitated the empowerment of no fewer than 100 farmers who were trained at a two-day workshop on organic farming training and empowerment in conjunction with NICERT Expert Consulting. Raufu Olaniyan: A true Omoluabi @ 60 The Ekiti State six-month  maternity leave Ayade and the dreams of our founding fathers Tech-U VC warns students against cultism, exam malpractice The workshop exposed the farmers from Oluyole Federal Constituency to how the resources of biotechnology can be harnessed to change the farming culture and sensitise them on how farming could be done without the use of chemicals and dangerous materials which make agriculture produce from Nigeria not fit for acceptance in the international commodity market. At the end of the training, participants were empowered in organic farming technology and were certificated as organic farmers. According to the lawmaker, beneficiaries of the training would soon be given cash, raw materials, and resources to start up business in agriculture, particularly cassava cultivation and other aspects of farming. She restated her commitment to working for the improvement in the socioeconomic condition of the people of Oluyole, stressing that she would continue to prioritise the welfare of her constituents. “I pray that the beneficiaries will make good use of the opportunity. Since coming on board, I have empowered several people and groups across the communities and settlements in Oluyole Federal Constituency. “I have set up a community volunteer team to reach out and guide the new entrepreneurs amongst them. The empowerment opportunities will accord many across the constituency the opportunity to benefit over time. This is a proof that I mean business,” the lawmaker, who was Special Adviser on Project to the immediate past governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, said. Speaking on behalf of the benefitting farmers, Mr Ayeni Tajudeen, who identified himself as belonging to Ward 10 in Oluyole Federal Constituency, said he gained a lot of insight form the workshop on how cassava and cashew could be planted in ways that the produce would be accepted internationally. “We were taught how to convert inorganic soil to organic one and then the type of stem for cassava planting and how to cut the stem and how to plant it. This was unlike the old way we are used to. The workshop has really helped farmers in Oluyole and it has changed our orientation,” he said. It is not at her constituency level only that the lawmaker is making impact, as she made commendable strides in her primary duty as a parliamentarian. Honourable Akande-Sadipe, who chairs the House Committee on Diaspora, based on her experience in her various international engagements, has been a vocal voice in the Green Chamber. Among the several motions moved by the outspoken lawmaker was the motion on the need to ascertain remittances by Nigerians in Diaspora and the impact of such on the country’s economy. The list also included an amendment of a motion to tackle sexual harassment of children and minors. She has also spoke against the delay and poor construction of Ijebu-Igbo-Itaegba-Owonowem Road at Olomi, Ibadan, Oluyole Local Govenrnment Area of the state. Apart from those mentioned above, the APC lawmaker has facilitated the construction and renovation of schools such as Temidire Agbamu Model Secondary School, constructed public toilet facilities for Ara-Oje Community Primary School, seen to the rehabilitation of Baare Health Centre, rehabilitation of community social facility, Baare Town Hall, and done many others. Speaking with Sunday Tribune, the lawmaker assured her constituents that what they have enjoyed form her in less than one years were a tip of the iceberg, as she was determined to do more for the people who entrusted their mandate with her. She counseled politicians to always remember the promises they made to people and fulfill same, warning that the day of reckoning  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NAFDAC APPROVED JAMES BOND. LOOK!  YOU DONT NEED TO HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE TO TRADE ONLINE,WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING A LIVING FROM TRADING ONLINE TODAY AND PROFITS WILL BE PAID TO YOUR ACCOUNT DIRECTLY. CLICK HERE TO REGISTER AND EARN