Following the controversy that surrounded the Secure Anchorage Area (SAA) operated by a private security firm, Ocean Marine Solutions Limited (OMSL), the Federal Government has declared the security arrangement illegal. This is even as it threatened to fine any vessel that calls at the facility. Speaking in Lagos on Monday after a maritime security meeting held on the deep blue project meant to secure the nation’s territorial waters against piracy, the Minister of Transportation, Hon Rotimi Amaechi said the SAA was declared illegal in 2017 and further patronage must stop immediately. According to him, any vessel (Local or foreign) that patronises the facility is breaking the law of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. At the meeting which was attended by all Heads of maritime agencies in Nigeria, the Honourable Minister of Transportation stated that “The secure Anchorage Area should have stopped by now. And I just told the Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) that they should write to everybody that the moment any vessel pay for security at the SAA, then such vessel is breaking the law of the land. “In advanced clime, the government secure the State, not individuals. I was the one that gave the directive that the SAA should be dismantled, not the NPA. The NPA only carried out my instruction. ALSO READ: FHIS praises residents for embracing health insurance scheme “I like to say what I told the owner of OMSL, believe me, I didn’t know he was the owner. “I only know him as my friend. I didn’t know he’s in the maritime sector. I told him one simple thing, Hadiza didn’t take that decision, I did in 2017. I took the decision because I have not seen a country where an individual protects the country? That shows there is a failure in the system, and if I am the Minister of Transportation and I allowed that, then it means I am also a failure. “So, what we are saying is that government must protect both persons and investment and let me tell you, as a former legislator, I know that a governor cannot be impeached for not providing water, light, road and other infrastructure, but you can impeach a governor for not providing security for lives and property.” Senate okays, commends OMSL operation amidst… Ship-owners laud cancellation of secure anchorage area He stated further that the approval for the security on the nations territorial waters have been secured since 2016 but didn’t materialise until 2018 due to some undue influence benefitting from the insecurity. “The meeting was about security in the maritime sector and you will agree with us that there is an upsurge in insecurity on our waters. Due to this, in 2016, we secured an approval to introduce a maritime security architecture which is coming to fruition and it is about to be launched. “The Israeli’s will provide training and equipment and the rest will be manned by Nigeria security, Navy, Police airforce, army, DSS.” Also speaking, the Director General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr Dakuku Peterside said some special mission military equipment for the projects are already in the country. Peterside said that Nigeria is not handling over the security of its territorial waters to Israelis’ but rather to provide training and equipment. In the words of the NIMASA DG, “We are not handing our Waterways to the Israelis they are only providing assets and the training and re-training of our armed forces, who will then man the assets on our waterways. “In terms of assets that have arrived and being expected, six interceptor boats are in the country. The first special mission vehicles came into the country in December last year, the second special mission vehicles will be in the country in February. The first special mission aircraft will be in the country before the end of the first quarter of the year. Six armoured vehicles are already in the country. “The first unmanned vehicles will come in between now and end of February. in-terms of the helicopter, we expect the first helicopter in the first quarter of this year. Those are some of the assets we have on the ground.” You know I said the first special mission vessels came in December last year and the second one will come in February anytime from now and in terms of the 6 armoured personnel carriers fitted with Communication gadgets almost all the communication equipment are in the country already and the first 6 interceptors boats are In the country and the personal gears to kit the dedicated forces are also in the country. The C4I system is also fully operational. Those are some of the assets in the country but, between now and June, 80 per cent of the assets will be in the country and will be manned by Nigeria military,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE