THE Queen’s favourite grandson has confirmed he is divorcing his wife, saying “it’s sad but is best for the kids”. Peter Phillips today issued an emotional statement after The Sun revealed he and wife Autumn would split. A statement issued on their behalf said: “After informing HM The Queen and members of both families last year, Peter and Autumn jointly agreed to separate. “They had reached the conclusion that this was the best course of action for their two children and ongoing friendship. “The decision to divorce and share custody came about after many months of discussions and although sad, is an amicable one. “The couple’s first priority will remain the continued well being and upbringing of their wonderful daughters Savannah (nine) and Isla (seven). “Both families were naturally sad at the announcement, but fully supportive of Peter and Autumn in the joint decision to co-parent their children.” The couple are in the process of divorcing, and will share custody of their two daughters. They wed at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle in 2008 and decided to split last year. ALSO READ: ISMPH calls for collaboration in tackling acute malnutrition in Nigeria Her Majesty is believed to be “upset” after Autumn, 41, told Princess Anne’s son, 42, she wants to end 12 years of marriage. Peter Phillips is absolutely devastated by this and just didn’t see it coming. He thought he was happily married and had the perfect family with two lovely daughters. But he is now in total shock. It comes amid fears that the mum of two wants to follow Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to her native Canada. Close friends are suggesting that Megxit – Prince Harry and Meghan’s departure from the UK to Canada – could have hastened Autumn’s shock decision. It is believed the daughters have dual Canadian citizenship which means they could easily live in Canada if Autumn were to return there. One pal revealed: “Peter is absolutely devastated by this and just didn’t see it coming. “He thought he was happily married and had the perfect family with two lovely daughters. But he is now in total shock. “Autumn is a wonderful wife and mother and a very intelligent woman but she’s been telling her friends for some time that there were issues. “She is a favourite of the Queen and I’m sure Her Majesty will be very upset by this as well. “It’s the last thing she needs after all her recent troubles and you get the feeling that the Royal Family is falling apart a little bit.” Our revelation comes just two weeks after Peter sparked international controversy for advertising milk in China while being promoted as a “British royal”. Those close the couple have expressed concern that Autumn might want to start a new life in Canada, just like the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have decided.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.