The governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi has reiterated education across all levels as the only weapon the nation can use to survive the scourge of poverty ravaging every part of the country. He noted that his administration was doing everything possible to make education more attractive to people in the state with the huge investment in the renovation of schools, capacity building of teachers and other policies of the government. The governor also disclosed that his administration decided to return schools to missions and original owners to checkmate the activities of those he described as profiteers and undisciplined elements in the system. He added that it was part of the quests for moral and value restoration to secondary school cadre and rid the schools of decadent practices like; cybercrimes called ‘Yahoo-Yahoo’, truancy and examination malpractices. ALSO READ: 52 first-class students among 786 graduating — FUD VC Fayemi dispelled the fear that the federal government -powered school feeding programme had been cancelled, saying the removal of the policy from the office of the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo to a newly formed Ministry of Humanitarian Services caused the delay. He spoke in Ado Ekiti on Wednesday at a Homecoming/ reunion press conference held by 1975-80 set of Christ’s School, Ado Ekiti, marking the 40th anniversary of leaving the secondary school. The governor, who doubles as the president of the set, applauded the alumni groups across the state for partnering the government to raise the standard of education through the provision of facilities and funding, saying the state would create a more coordinated platform for useful engagement with them. Free condom distribution in Nigeria declining ― UNFPA Sokoto to use N65.7bn loan for massive infrastructural… Nigerian youths must stand against corruption ― Magu Reps probe over $100m foreign healthcare grant donated to… According to him, ” our education was not at the level we are during our time, but I also don’t think we should despair because of the high level of dialogue and partnership among stakeholders the state government is midwifing. “We have no reason not to achieve qualitative education. During our time, we didn’t enjoy free education until 1979, but we paid an affordable school fee. We paid N20 per term. “Education is a right and not a privilege because it remains the only antidote to poverty in our society and that was why I introduced free education and we are returning some schools to missions and original owners,  who are not also profiteers. They will charge a fee,  but they will charge reasonably. We are returning schools to those who can provide discipline. “We are also incorporating the alumni associations into our developmental agenda.  I have received a series of correspondences and communications from religious organisations like; Methodist, Nawarudeen, Catholic and Anglican, writing that they want their schools back. “Under this arrangement, the government will still be paying for teachers  until we reach an arrangement  for those that will take over and we will work out an arrangement on how to handle some of these grey areas in the affected schools.” Fayemi assured that the school feeding programme will start in Ekiti as soon as the new federal ministry restart the implementation across all interested states. The governor refuted the widespread impression that public schools are of no values, clarifying that there was no reason for the government to have schools that can offer qualitative education if the proper things are put in place to strengthen the system. On school enrolment in Ekiti, Fayemi said,” In 2014, we had 96 per cent enrolment in Ekiti,  but in 2018, when I came back, Ekiti was the least in the southwest. But today, we have raised it to over 75 per cent, because of free education. We don’t allow PTA fees to force students out on no account. “It has become policy now in Ekiti, if we find your child on the streets during school hours and he is of school age, his parents will have a lot to answer for, apart from renovation and provisions of instructional materials the government is doing.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.