A pro-democracy group, Northeast Network for Peace, has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his prompt and compassionate visit to Maiduguri, Borno State on Tuesday, saying the visit was a testimony of the president’s focus and unwavering commitment towards restoring lasting peace to the state and the entire region. President of the group, Rev. Josiah Bitrus, said this on Friday in a statement made available to newsmen, expressed satisfaction with the efforts so far made in dislodging the Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists from the various hideouts in North-East. Bitrus, while noting that the resurgence of attacks in Borno had the colouration of insider influence, expressed optimism that the military would eventually come out victorious. ALSO READ: Internal wrangling rocks Benue APC, as member calls for suspension of chairman, secretary “The Northeast Network for Peace as worthy partners in the war against terrorism in North-East Nigeria is indeed impressed with the efforts so far made in dislodging the Boko Haram insurgents from the various hideouts in Northeast Nigeria. “His recent visit to Maiduguri has shown once again that Mr President has not reneged on his promise to free the entire country of terrorism but will continue to show the people of Borno State and the rest of the country the love and affection to pull through these difficult and challenging moments in the annals of the country,” the group president said. [UPDATE] Boko Haram attack: Buhari in Maiduguri on sympathy… UPDATE: Declare state of emergency on security, Reps tell… Oyinlola: It’s not too late to save Nigeria from Boko Haram,… Buhari hails Ethiopian leader for country’s transformation The coalition, while further applauding President Buhari for his courageous, commitment and fearless posture in speaking the truth no matter the situation, in his resolve to ensure that the menace of Boko Haram comes to an end, expressed the belief that the declaration of state of emergency in Borno State would go a long way to bring under control the menace of armed banditry. According to Bitrus, the demand became imperative else those involved in perpetrating the menace as well as their collaborators would continue to do everything possible to ensure that the war against terrorism continues so that they can continue to cover their tracks and perpetuate more evil. He said that enforcing State of Emergency in the state would indeed provide the needed tonic for the enforcement of peace and tranquillity as well as put an end to the political support the Boko Haram enjoys at the moment. “We consequently wish to state that the government must take drastic measures in Borno State if it’s desirous of entrenching peace and tranquillity as the strategic importance of Borno State in the fight against Boko Haram terrorism cannot be overemphasised. “It’s just like the recent attack in Auno where scores of vehicles were burnt and scores of individuals killed by thugs suspected to be sponsored in an attempt to discredit the efforts of the Nigerian Military. “It is thus our considered opinion that the imposition of a State of Emergency in Borno State would indeed provide the needed tonic for the enforcement of peace and tranquillity. It must be noted that the declaration of a state of emergency would put an end to the political support the Boko Haram enjoys at the moment,” he said. “We are using this medium to call on the President to once again exercise his unflinching love for the people of North East by declaring a State of Emergency in Borno State. This action would go a long way in restoring the peace and tranquillity that has evaded Borno State, once regarded as the Home of Peace,” the group president reiterated. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.