The newly declared governor-elect of Bayelsa state, Senator Diri Duoye and his deputy, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo, have presented their certificates of return to the national leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), with the party chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, declaring that there is no victor no vanquished in the November 16, 2019, gubernatorial election in the state. Duoye and Ewhrudjakp headed straight to the Legacy House, Abuja to present their certificates to the party leadership soon after obtaining them at the from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Secondus admonished the Governor-elect to unite the people of the state as he also called on the people to support the new leadership. He said after the long fight to retrieve the mandate, the party must come together in truth and reconciliation committee for the benefit of the people. The party boss explained that the party did not embark on protest for the sake of it but on the point of law, noting that God has granted victory to the PDP. ALSO READ: Terrorism: Group faults Amnesty International over alleged plot to blackmail Nigerian military Secondus stated: “This victory is dedicated to God Almighty because as we know, power cometh from God not from man and in this case, it was a long journey to freedom. “Now is the time for us to come together especially the people of Bayelsa state. It is not in the falling, but it is in the rising according to Mandela. Bayelsa: No victor no vanquish, Secondus tells Duoye Beyelsa Supreme Court judgement: Warn Oshiomhle to stop… UPDATE: APC losses Bayelsa as Supreme Court sacks… NLC, TUC demand payment of new minimum wage before Dickson… “This is the time to establish the truth and reconciliation committee for the benefit and genuine reconciliation of all Bayelsans. There will be no victor, there will also be no vanquished. “So, we urge the new governor-elect and deputy governor-elect to quickly go to work, embrace everyone regardless of their linings or parties because this is what PDP represents. “We believe in the rule of law and our matters are very clear. If it on point of law, no argument, no protest, if it is not a point of law, we will ask question. “We don’t just make protests or argue or issue statements on ordinary ground. If we have ground, we will ask, and on this matter in Bayelsa state, it was on point of law and the rule of law has taken place. “God has given you power not man. So, go and be good ambassadors of the nation and your state and the party. “There shall not be no rancour. Call all the elders, all the youths of Bayelsa together to work. It is not the party, party is important, it is the platform, but the service you are going to render to the people of Bayelsa should be uppermost in your mind and that is how to build a nation. “We believe that our nation is in disarray, our nation is in distress but with the caliber of yourself, the governor-elect and the deputy governor-elect, we will begin to heal the wound, we will begin to rebuild this nation and bring everyone together. “The PDP stands for the unity of our country, the PDP stands for all-inclusiveness, the PDP stands for the future of the young generation of our country. “We are in together to work with you and we believe that as you go back now for the swearing-in ceremony, all Bayelsan people will give you all the necessary corporation.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.