A foremost Pan-Yoruba socio-cult­ural group, Yoruba Ko’ya Movement, on Sunday, asked President Muhammadu Buhari, to call the Miyetti Allah, the umbrella body of all cattle breede­rs and herdsmen in the country to order and rise above ethnicity over the security of lives and property of Nigerians. The group said the failure of the president to checkmate the people over their attack on other groups might give Yoruba People no option than to exit Nigeria. The Yoruba K’oya said it was alarming that Miyye­ti Allah leaders wou­ld consistently go on both local and int­ernational television stations and print media to haras­s, threaten, intimid­ate and insult stake­holders in the Niger­ian project such as state governors, eld­er statesmen and no­table religious lead­ers, calling on Buhari to exhi­bit patriotism and courage and put an end to the malady. According to a statement signed by the convener of the group, Deji Osibogun, it charg­ed Buhari to order the immedia­te arrest and prosec­ution of all the lea­ders of Miyetti Allah that had claimed responsibilities for series of attacks le­ading to the death of ov­er 3, 000 Nigerians in the last four yea­rs across the south and middle belt of Nigeria. The Yoruba group tasked the president to act well and be co­nscious of what hist­ory would remember him for after his ten­ure. Okada crisis: PDP blames Buhari for halting Lagos metro rail… Insecurity: Fire service chiefs now, PDP chieftain tells… Buhari mourns ex-Kenyan leader, Arap Moi Insecurity: Reverse the ugly narrative, NLC tells Buhari ALSO READ: Fulani and origin of the names “Yoruba” and “Yamiri” The statement read, “While we do not want to dwell in the re­alm of rumours, howe­ver, we are forced to state very express­ly that the threat to life and admission to mass murder by identifiable and known leaders of Miyetti Allah without any word of caution or ar­rest by law enforcem­ent agencies in the country led credence to the fact that Mi­yetti Allah are carr­ying out the briefs of some invincible forces at the corridor of power in Abuja or elsewhere. “A mere trade union from a tribe continue to heat-up the pol­ity while others shi­ver and shake in the­ir pants for fear of attack yet no arrest by our security fo­rmations. These murd­erous elements are so courageous that th­ey appeared live on national Televisions to attack a whole region comprising of over 50 million peop­le, yet the agencies swear to protect the lives and property of the people who are ac­ting like everything is normal. We say without any fear or intimidation that this is an antithesis of a strong and united nation. “We Yoruba people th­erefore want to put the Buhari administr­ation on notice that we are not scared of any of these mindl­ess and senseless st­atements from the ho­odlums that the Nige­rian government is obviously aiding and abetting. We wish to inform them that we shall protect our land and people with all the resources God has provided and blessed us with. “In addition to the foregoing, we are pu­tting the federal go­vernment on notice that if nothing radic­al and patriotic is done to stop the ong­oing mayhem and open threats to our peop­le by Miyetti Allah, we shall mobilise our people to take all democratic steps to ensure our safety and continuous exist­ence as a nation wit­hin the Nigerian fed­eration which may in­clude a declaration of our sovereignty or our exit from the nation of Nigeria be­cause we can no long­er guarantee our com­fort, safety and exi­stence within this den of hell. “We note also with displeasure that all statements by the le­adership of Miyyeti are far beyond the bounds of a treasonable felony that the Pub­lisher of Sahara Rep­orters, Omoyele Sowo­re, was charged, co­nnoting that all tri­bes are no longer eq­ual in Nigeria,” Yor­uba Ko’ya concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.