A Senator representing Plateau South in the National Assembly, Senator Ignatius Longjan, who was also a former deputy governor of Plateau State is dead. According to his former Press Secretary Mr Wulimen Goyit, the Senator died in the early hours of Monday at the Turkish Hospital in Abuja after a brief illness. Plateau State Governor, Simon Bako Lalong, has expressed shock over the death of Senator Ignatius Longjan who died after a protracted illness. Governor Lalong in a statement signed by his Director of Media and Public Affairs, Dr Simon Makut Machan, described as devastating the death of the Senator who represented Plateau South Senatorial District at the National Assembly. Lalong said the death of the elder statesman is a huge loss to not only his family, the people of Plateau South Senatorial District, but the entire state because of his immense contributions to the development of the state and the nation. He said ” we have lost a man of honour and candour who in all his affairs always put the interests of Plateau State first. “His humility, humanity and wealth of wisdom were always at display when he weighed on any issue that concerns people. We will surely miss him”. ALSO READ: Gombe gov suspends chairman, members, management of Board of Internal Revenue Gov Lalong to support repentant militias with skill… Plateau killings: Over 1000 persons displaced Killings: Lalong orders security agencies to track down… Police arrest 4 herders for allegedly raping minors The Governor also recalled how the former Deputy Governor served Plateau State steadfastly and loyally from 2007 to 2015, and also played a significant role in ensuring political stability in the State all through the period of various security challenges that the State passed through. He equally recognised the enormous contributions of the deceased on the floor of the Senate where he represented his people with so much passion and projected the interests of Plateau State and the nation in all his contributions. Governor Lalong while sympathizing with his immediate family, urged the people of Plateau State to accept the sad event as the will of God and pray for the repose of his soul. A retired career diplomat, the late Senator Longjan was a chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Party in Plateau State and Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism. He was also former Chief of Staff to the former Governor of Plateau State Jonah Jang. In his reaction the former  Governor of Plateau State, Jonah Jang described Longjan’s death as shocking considering his contributions to the development of plateau state and Nigeria. Jang who spoke through his Media Consultant, Clinton Garuba, said he has not just lost a political soul mate but a friend at a time when his wealth of experience and contributions are most needed by the state and its people. He condoled with the family, government and people of the state over the loss and prayed God to grant his soul eternal rest with the Lord SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.