The Zamfara State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the 2019 elections, Alhaji Sani Shinkafi, has written to the embassies of the United States (US), the United Kingdom (UK) and the European Union (EU), asking them to revoke the visas of the former governor of Zamfara State, Abdulaziz Yari, over his alleged actions capable of disrupting the peace in the state. He alleged in a letter also copied to the embassies of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) that Yari has been stoking the embers of violence and inciting his supporters to violence in an effort to destabilise the new administration in the state. Shinkafi, who is also the Secretary of the Board of Trustees (BoT) of APGA explained in his petition that he was writing to inform the embassies about the untoward activities of the former governor through his sponsorship of groups bent on unleashing violence on the state. He had earlier written to heads of security agencies and the National Assembly over the same matter. The petitioner added: “The former governor since his ouster as the governor of Zamafar State has been heard making some unguarded and provocative statements inciting members of his faction of the All Progressives Congress(APC) to move against the state government and make the state insecure and unsafe for citizens of the state. ALSO READ: Presidency, opposition trade words over planned protest against service chiefs We need prayers for peace in Nigeria —Abidoye What South-West govs must do for Amotekun to succeed… Harrysong, Davido rule  airwaves with ‘Bumbumbum’ How Olamide launched new generation of artistes with ‘999’… “It is on record that about 8,500 private militia popularly called Yansakai were recruited illegally by the past administration of Abdulaziz Yari in all the seventeen (17) councils through the former commissioner for local and chieftaincy affairs, Hon Bello Dankande Gamji, without the Bill being passed by State House Assembly establishing the vigilante service group and assent by the governor as a law governing recruitment and operations of Yansakai. “Abdulaziz Yari has been seen publicly inciting his factional APC members not to recognise the administration of His Excellency, Bello Muhammad Matawalle as the Executive Governor of Zamfara State, but insisted that they call him a sole administrator. Severally, he has rejected the 24th May 2019 judgment of the Supreme Court of Nigeria painting the eminent jurists of the Apex court with all kinds of names. “The volunteer vigilante groups that are loyal to Yari have refused to embrace the disarmament and arms control programme of the state government to augment the accord initiated by Governor Matawalle.” According to the former governorship candidate, there were reports that the militia had concluded plans to attack some Fulani settlements “to ignite another security breach in the state and set the state on fire again.” Shinkafi also alleged that in flagrant disregard to the subsisting order banning all forms of political rallies, meetings and processions, Yari had encouraged his supporters to disobey the governor’s instructions. “I hereby request Your Excellency to as a matter of urgent national importance revoke the visa issued to Abdulaziz Yari to avoid a situation whereby he would flee the country and run away from prosecution and possible imprisonment for crimes against humanity,” Shinkafi pleaded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.