Two hundred successful applicants for the Lagos Agripreneurship Programme (L.A.P.) under the State Government Agriculture-based Youth Empowerment Scheme (Agric-Yes), on Monday, resumed for the one-month training programme at the Agricultural Training Institute, Araga in Epe. The State Commissioner for Agriculture, Prince Gbolahan Lawal, made this announcement in a release made available to newsmen in Alausa, saying the Programme was in furtherance of the State Government’s objective of training no fewer than 15,000 youths and women, within the next four year, in the various agricultural value chains. According to him, the training programme is a platform for agripreneurs to enhance their skills and improve their socio-economic capacity in the various agricultural value chains such as poultry, piggery, aquaculture and vegetables. “The current reality and exigencies of job creation for the teeming youth population and attainment of food security require that a more aggressive, strategic and efficient approach be employed in the training and empowerment of women and youths if Lagos State is to achieve a significant reduction of unemployment, create more jobs and wealth and also significantly enhance food security in the state by the year 2023. ALSO READ: Report of Buhari going on vacation fake ― Presidency Man, 26, docked for allegedly assaulting police officer Congestion: Maersk Line, Safmarine deny dumping Lagos ports Reps place YABATECH on status enquiry over unaudited… Okada, tricycle restrictions: Security outweighs convenience… “Hence the introduction of the Lagos Agripreneurship Programme (L. A.P) under the Agriculture-based Youth Empowerment Scheme (Agric-Yes) which aims to train 15,000 women and youths at the training facilities across the state by the year 2023,” the commissioner said. Lawal pointed out that the training was targeted to produce 2000 Agro-Entrepreneurs who would, in turn, become job creators thereby promoting food security and improving the nutrition and general well-being of Lagosians. He said the training would, in addition, enhance the economic activities of the surrounding communities; reduce the overall rate of unemployment; reduce crime rate within the state, and promote the state’s target of producing at least 25per cent of the food consumed by residents of the state before the end of the year 2025. Lawal said participants would, after the one-month training, be encouraged to form Cooperative Agricultural Multipurpose Societies (C.A.M.S.) according to their enterprises in order to better position them to attract funding. According to him, the government on its part would partner with existing farms and agribusinesses with a view to attaching participants to agribusinesses closest to their location of residence for internship pending linkage to sources of finance. “Government would also facilitate access to financing through the Lagos State Employment Trust Fund (LSETF), CBN Intervention programmes such as Anchor Borrowers Programme (ABP), Accelerated Agricultural Development Scheme (AADS), Agribusiness/Small and Medium Enterprises Investment Scheme (AGSMEIS), and the World Bank Assisted Projects such as the Agro-Processing Productivity Enhancement and Livelihood Improvement Support (APPEALS) Programme among others,” Lawal said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.