The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), on Monday, disclosed that over 2.1 million candidates registered to sit for the 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry programmes. While the over 1.9 million candidates registered for UTME, about 200,000 candidates registered for Direct Entry. Registrar and Chief Executive of JAMB, Professor Ishaq Oloyede, who made this known in Abuja, also said that there would be no extension of registration exercise as it closed on Monday, 17th February, 2020. He spoke just as the Federal Government has warned the universities and other tertiary institutions against illegal admission of students, insisted that all admissions must be done on the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board Central Admission Processing System (CAPS). Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, who gave the warning on Monday in Abuja, threatened that any institution found to be involved in admitting candidates outside CAPS would be sanctioned. ALSO READ: 360 indigent students get scholarships from private school He spoke while commissioning the new General Services Department building of the JAMB at its headquarters, Bwari, Abuja. The construction of the building complex cost the Board over N89 million while three brand new generators- 1000 KVA (1) and two 500 KVA (2) acquired cost JAMB over N141 million. The Minister also warned candidates who are billed to sit for the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) to refrain from any form of malpractice, saying the current administration detests all forms of corruption including examination malpractice and racketeering. Adamu congratulated JAMB for introducing CAPS, which he said has revolutionised admission process in the interest of ordinary candidates irrespective of where they come from, gender or social status. Buhari receives Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi at Aso Rock Boko Haram: Shekau threatens Buhari, Buratai, Pantami in new… Borno: Presidency’s bribe for boo claim diversionary ― PDP Politicians paid miscreants to boo Buhari in Borno ― Garba… He said: “The Central Admission Processing System ensures due process, fairness, discipline and equity in the process. It is through automated system that ordinary Nigerians are now hopeful of not being denied their rightful place in the admission exercise. “It is also instructive that CAPS protects the traditional right of Senate or Academic Board of institutions since CAPS does not allow anyone other than the admission officer and Vice-Chancellor, Rector or Provost to initiate, propose or recommend any candidate for admission, but it also requires the documentation and tracking of any deviation by the institution from the approved policy on admission. “I therefore, urge all institutions to play according to the rules by conducting all the admission processes only through CAPS. “The leadership of any higher institution found to be involved in admitting any candidate without prior approval of the Board or outside the established platform- Central Admission Processing System-would be considered and treated as corrupting the admission system,” he said. The Minister noted that the administration was poised to reposition the country in all ramifications, noting that the narratives about the country must be changed from a corruption infested nation to that of a hardworking and proud people which “we were hitherto known for”. On the volatile security situation in the country, the Adamu said he was lending his voice to what President Muhammadu Buhari said a few days ago, that the current administration would not shirk in its responsibility of protection of lives and property in the country. Meanwhile, the JAMB Registrar, Professor Oloyede while fielding questions from journalists said even though he was not having the accurate figure but 1.9 million candidates registered for the 2020 UTME and close to 200,000 candidates applied for Direct Entry. He reiterated the earlier position of the Board that there would be no extension of date for sales admission document and registration, saying over 2 million candidates have registered for the admission exercise. He disclosed that about 64 Computer Based Test (CBT) centres would be used for the Mock Examination, adding that the examination this year would be automated. According to him, about 350,000 candidates were expected to sit for the Mock Examination across the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.