Human rights activists on Monday in Lagos gathered to mark the 14th memorial of Dr Beko Ransome-Kuti, calling for an end to terrorism and insecurity in the country. Speaking on the theme: “Beko 14 years after: #SecureNigeriaEndTerror#,” President, Women Arise, Dr Joe Okei -Odumakin, while describing the late Beko as a consistent fighter, defender of the cheated and an ardent critic of all forms of oppression, urged the government to do all within its power to put an end to terrorism in the land. The rights activist also called for concerted effort to create an enabling environment for the security of lives and property of all Nigerians. Odumakin, in her remark at the rally which took place at the Beko Cenotaph, Anthony area of the state, said the late activist had left an indelible mark on Nigeria social and political landscape through his doggedness and uncommon commitment to the fight for freedom and justice. According to her, Beko’s countless battles against “irresponsible leadership, both military and civilian, earned him a special place among profiles of democratic and human rights defence,” even as she further described the late icon as “a worthy ambassador of freedom, who stood for the masses against the violation of human rights and the rule of law.” Chairman, National Democratic Coalition (NADECO), Retired Admiral Ndubuisi Kanu, called on Nigerians, irrespective of religion or ethnic differences, to live in unity and make the country great in line with the dream of its founding fathers. Also speaking, Mr Femi Aborishade, who is the pioneer National Secretary, National Conscience Party (NCP), said that Ransome-Kuti laid down his life for the freedom of the masses. Aborishade, however, took swipe at the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) over its recent de-registration of 74 political parties in the country, saying the action, which he described as anti-democratic, was targeted at excluding people from participating and exercising their civic right. ALSO READ: Gani Adams tasks FG on new power generation strategy to boost Nigeria’s economy Coronavirus: What Nigeria’s govt needs to do to… Mali President acknowledges contacts with jihadists Kogi govt to relocate beggars from major streets Powerful winter storm leaves at least five dead in Europe The NCP chief, while declaring that the step taken by INEC is “not what democracy is all about,” called for the implementation of Section 225a of the 1999 Constitution (as amended). “We call for the implementation of Section 225a of the 1999 Constitution (as amended),’’ he said. The Director, Grassroot Democratic Initiative (GDI), Mr Rasak Oladosu, in his remark, said it was time for Nigerians to re-assert themselves, describing the late Beko as a great icon who fought for the poor masses, while urging Nigerians to rededicate their lives to better Nigeria. “Ransome-Kuti was a great icon who fought for the poor masses; therefore, we should rededicate our lives to better Nigeria. We shall continue with the struggle to campaign for the democracy in Nigeria,’’ he said. Also speaking, the Secretary-General, Nigerians Unite Against Terror (NUAT), Mr Femi Lawson, called on the government to be responsible for the welfare and security of lives and property of the citizenry. According to Lawson, it was a time that the Federal Government should restructure the security architecture of the country in order to bring fresh ideas to better secure the country, saying this would bring about less colossal loss of lives and property in the country. “We call on the Federal Government to restructure the security architecture of the country. “We demand a change of security chiefs with fresh ideas to better secure the country; this will bring about less colossal loss of lives and property,” he said. The scion of Ransome-Kuti family, Dr Dotun Ransome-Kuti, commended members of the civil society for deeming it fit to remember his father and other heroes of the land. Doyin, however, appealed to government and Nigerians to continue to immortalise the patriots who fought for the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.