As the supremacy tussle between Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje and the Embattled Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi Lamido rages on, President Muhammadu Buhari, has been called upon to as a matter of urgency step in to save the traditional institution in the North from being destroyed. The President was also urged to urgently intervene in the lingering problems between the Emir of Kano, and the Kano State Governor before it degenerates and escalates to other areas of the North which may lead to a breakdown of law and order. The appeal was made by the Emir of Ningi, Alhaji Yunusa Mohammed Danyaya, during an interview with Journalists at his Palace in Ningi on Thursday saying that the call became necessary in view of the unending battle of supremacy between Sanusi and Ganduje. The Emir who is one of the oldest traditional rulers in the North lamented that despite several efforts made by prominent Nigerians to settle the two parties, not much result has been recorded pointing out that “as one of the oldest Emirs in the North who is 85 years old and has spent 42 years on the throne, it was necessary for me to still speak out on the matter”. He said: “It has become very necessary to take this matter to our father, the father of the land, President Muhammadu Buhari. He alone can solve this problem once and for all and he has settled difficult issues like this in the past. I know him to an extent that he grew up in the Daura royal home so he has a relationship with that traditional institution”. Yunusa Danyaya who is among the ranks of highly educated Emirs in the North added that “Buhari has proven to me to be a person who has high respect and regard for the traditional institution. It is because of that, that I am begging him, please, in the name of God, I beg him to intervene in the problem happening in Kano and settle this dispute between the Emir and the Governor. I have high hopes that Buhari will not allow the traditional institution to be humiliated and bastardized”. He added that “Your Excellency, Mr. President, we are begging you, for God’s sake, intervene in this matter so that every problem can be put to rest. The Emir will have his dignity, the government should also have its dignity, that is my plea.” Lassa Fever: Kano losses two doctors ― FG Kano rerun: Police arrest 3 suspects for electoral offence Gov Bello congratulates Ganduje on Supreme Court victory Supreme Court verdict: PDP urges Kano supporters to remain… ALSO READ: Ex-Rep member, Jibrin vows not to quit politics, returns NASS properties A visibly worried Emir of Ningi clarified that “I am not speaking because I am supporting the Emir of Kano, no. I am speaking because I see that what is happening will destroy the traditional institution in the North completely. So I feel it is necessary to speak out on this matter because I am in the position to speak out on what we see is not right.” The Royal father also claimed that “whatever thing that could be done to humiliate Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, Emir of Kano, has been done and there is a need for restraint and forgiveness.” He also stated that he was not happy about what is happening in Kano pointing out that, “when someone does something that is wrong, what we know in Islam is forgiveness and everyone does wrong and we have seen people being forgiven many times and we hear it being said that people are forgiven. If Sanusi Lamido Sanusi has erred, why would the people, the government and the House of Assembly of Kano, not forgive him?” He recalled that he had an encounter with President Muhammdu Buhari in 2016 when the King of Morocco visited Nigeria and they were at the National mosque for Friday prayers. Yunusa Danyaya stated that he was afar off and though there were so many prominent traditional rulers including the Sultan of Sokoto, President Buhari who was waiting for the King of Morocco to come out from the mosque saw me, “he bypassed all protocols and came, shook hands with me and greeted me and then went back to where he was. By doing that, he proved to me that he had high respect and regard for the traditional institution because he wouldn’t do that for just anybody.” He, however, called on the Emir to be obedient and submissive to the government while the government should, in turn, be just and fair to the Emir because “we see that injustice has crept into the matter.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE