The Zamafara State governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the 2019 election, Alhaji Sani Shinkafi, has petitioned the Inspector General Of Police (IGP), Service Chiefs, the Department of State Service (DSS) and the National Security Adviser (NSA), demanding the immediate arrest and prosecution the former governor of the state, Abdulaziz Yari, for alleged incitement and threat to the security of Zamfara State. Shinkafi, who is also the Secretary of APGA’s Board Of Trustees (BoT), alleged that the activities of the former governor were inimical to the well being of the state and, if not checked, could set it ablaze and roll back all the progress made since he left office in May 2019. The petitioner accused Yari of inciting the All Progressive Congress (APC) members in the state against the peace efforts of Governor Bello Matawalle-led government of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He claimed in the petition: ”Following the unguarded and provocative statements made by the former governor of Zamfara State, Alhaji Abdulaziz Yari, wherein he was heard inciting members of his faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to move against the state government, I hereby demand his immediate arrest and prosecution for disobeying the subsisting order of the security agencies banning any forms of public gatherings, political party meetings and associations, rallies, across the state. “It is on record that about 8,500 private militia popularly called Yansakai were recruited illegally by the past administration in all the 17 Emirates through the former commissioner for local and chieftaincy affairs, Hon Bello Dankande Gamji, without the Bill being passed by State House Assembly establishing the vigilante service group and assent by the governor as a law governing recruitment and operations of Yansakai.” The petitioner further alleged: “Yari has being seen publicly inciting his factional APC members not to recognise the administration of His Excellency, Bello Muhammad Matawalle, as the Executive Governor of Zamfara State, but insisted that they call him a sole administrator. “Times without number, he has rejected the 24th May 2019 judgement of the Supreme Court of Nigeria, painting the eminent jurists of the Apex court with all kinds of names.” Shinkafi also noted in the petition: “The defunct volunteer vigilante groups, Yansakai, loyal to Yari have refused to embrace the disarmament and arms control programme of the state government to augment the peace accord initiated by Governor Matawalle. South West Houses of Assembly get Amotekun bill coming week Anambra PDP strategising to oust APGA in 2021 Razed Ayede Substation: TCN surprises residents, restores… Federal Poly Nasarawa matriculates 3,185 students, urges… ALSO READ: Anambra communities to receive World Bank agency intervention fund “There are intelligence reports that Yansakai recruited in Gummi had concluded plans to attack some Fulani settlements to ignite another security breach in the state and set the state on fire again. “It is on record that the Zamfara State Police Command has on September 24th, 2019 following intelligence reports that Boko Haram was planning to attack and bomb some places in the state like the Central Mosque Gusau, Maradum, Anka, Talata Marafa, Kauran Namoda and Tsafe and the planned assassination of the deputy governor and the speaker of the State House of Assembly, banned all forms of political rallies, meeting and processions in the state.” The petitioner alleged that the former governor has defied the order as he continued to organise political groups. He added: “The rule of law is incorporated in the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended. It’s supremacy ensures no person can claim to be above the law. He must obey it whether he is rich, poor, ruler, ruled, etc.” While also alleging that Yari had instructed his supporters to disobey the state government agencies as they bid to carry out their statutory responsibilities, the petitioner called for the investigation and possible prosecution of the former two-term governor. The APGA leader maintained: “I hereby request your esteemed self to as a matter of urgent national importance to request security apparatus to investigate, arrest and possibly prosecute the immediate past Governor of Zamfara State without any delay for the sustenance of the peace initiative in the state. “We hereby demand his immediate arrest and prosecution to avoid a break down of law and order in Zamfara State.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.