The Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, on Wednesday, tasked the “Ibadan Obas” to stop playing double standard with traditional issues in the city. The monarch also said he had been put in an uncomfortable position by the actions of the “Obas”. He said he had been having difficult times pleading with Ibadan people to allow the “Obas” to stay with him in public functions. The Olubadan in a letter he personally signed and addressed to the high chiefs, dated February 5, 2020, accused them of playing double standard by speaking against an action they participated in. The monarch, who was reacting to a letter by the high chiefs where they stated their “grievances”, said he was surprised by the actions of the chiefs. Oba Adetunji said, “We are equally surprised that after participating in the elevation of Mogaji to Jagun and other ranks on Friday, 3rd of January, 2020 and getting your own share of the rites; you could turn round to distance yourselves from it. “If this is not a double standard, what is it? You referred to your two misconceived suits No I/22/2020 and I/23/2020 which were filed on 10th January 2020 and we’re only served on the governor of Oyo State and High Chief Rasidi Ladoja who were defendants on the 28 of January 2020. “It is instructive to note that the Olubadan of Ibadanland is not a party to either of the cases. Can you see the futility of your action?” He also said the people’s complaint about the appointment of the new Araba was misplaced as High Chiefs do not take part in the process. The monarch said, “as for the appointment of the new Araba of Ibadanland which you also complained about, High Chiefs do not take part in the appointment process of Araba if you are not part of them. It is the exclusive right of the Babalawos. When they pick their leader, they present him for the ceremony and this is what you have been invited to witness, which you spurned. Top 3 Famous Korean Players Are Sought By European Clubs 20 years after, NASS yet to approve  money for $200m CVFF Sea time: Navy hands over training vessels to Maritime… Shipping companies adjust rates to accommodate Nigeria’s new… “It is very interesting to note that you claimed that your counsel legally guided you. If you are well guided in law, you would have known that with the consent judgement, your wearing of the offending crowns and calling yourselves Obas amount to contempt of court and a declaration judgement cannot be stayed. ALSO READ: Court orders immediate reinstatement of Col. Suleiman four years after unlawful dismissal “All these and many others are things to learn little by little if you do not abdicate your responsibilities by staying away from the palace.” Oba Adetunji also said there was no time he had attempted to carry out the duties of the High Chiefs or obstruct them from functioning. He said, “as Olubadan of Ibadanland, I do not carry out the duties of high chiefs nor do I obstruct anybody from performing his duties, but when we send out invitations for meetings, it is you who choose which ones to attend or not. As nature does not abhor a vacuum, life continues. “But it is the same invitation that we extend to you that we also extend to other high chiefs such as Osi Olubadan, Ekerin Olubadan, Ekerin Balogun, Ekarun Balogun and Iyalode who did not sign your letter of grievances. Thankfully, more and more people are beginning to repent.” Olubadan said the style of administration in the palace that the high chiefs complained about was not different from the style elsewhere. “If you are invited to a council meeting at 11 am and arrive at 1.30pm when Olubadan is already seated without prior notice of your late coming, this is indiscipline and is punishable. It does not matter whether the offence is committed by one, two or more high chiefs. “It becomes suspect when three or four of you are coming at the same time to the council meeting. In the same vein, it is beyond the duty of high chiefs to set agenda for meetings, especially when there is demonstrable evidence that separate meetings have been held at Mapo before coming to Popoyemoja. “So, there is nothing unprecedented in your experience with me as your leader. It is your own actions that are unprecedented. Nowhere in Ibadan history have High Chiefs ever been politically influenced to be agitating to become Oba without domain. No Oba in Yorubaland has no domain,” said the monarch. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE