40 years after it was commissioned by the administration of late former Governor of defunct Bauchi State, Abubakar Tatari Ali, the dilapidated Primary Healthcare Centre in Lere, Tafawa Balewa Local Government Area has been upgraded and rehabilitated by UNICEF through funding by the European Union (EU) to the tune of $100,000 (N50m). While commissioning the facility on Friday, Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir declared that his administration is placing a high priority towards the provision of healthcare services delivery to the people of the state. The governor who was represented by the Chief of Staff, Bauchi State Government House, Dr Ladan Salihu said that the priority placed on health services delivery was in addition to the partnership with development partners, which he observed has added value to governance and the lives of the people. According to him, the partnership between the state government and European Union through UNICEF has shown strong determination in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals number 3 which focused on good health and well-being. He also noted that the handing over of the facility and its effective utilization will no doubt make a milestone in reducing the maternal and infant mortality in rural communities. ALSO READ: BREAKING: Angry mob loot Radio Bayelsa, as INEC declares Diri governor-elect ” As we received this health centre today, this is the 40th facility in the state to be completed and handed over to the state government out of the 107 to be renovated by the European Union through Union”, he said. Bala Mohammed added that ” This facility is expected to serve as a referral point to all the Primary Health facilities in Tafawa Balewa Local Government Area as its tagged” Center of Excellence.” Court remands 4 oil & gas directors over  alleged £2.6bn… Coronavirus, Lassa fever: FG offers N36m to scientists for… UPDATE : Ekiti Assembly passes Amotekun bill into law BREAKING: Strange ‘fetish-like’ object causes… The governor called on the beneficiaries to make good use of the facility by attending Antenatal Care, skilled delivery, postnatal care, child spacing services, immunization and other primary healthcare services. He said that ” It is yet another important occasion to witness the present administration’s effort in delivering dividends of democracy to the good people of the state who came out en mass to vote us into power in order to steer the affairs of the state for a positive change.” While commending EU/UNICEF for all their efforts, the governor assured them of continued support and readiness to provide the needed resources and counterpart funds that will further push the frontiers of interventions. Bala Mohammed used the medium to assure communities of the area that the issue of lack of water facility in the upgraded health centre would soon be over. In a remark, Chief of UNICEF Bauchi Field Office, Mr Bhanu Pathak said that UNICEF is working with the state government to improve healthcare system considering that, the health sector is the key priority of the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed. Bhanu Pathak who said the health facility was upgraded at the cost of about 40 million naira, stressed the need for all hands to be on deck so as to achieve the set objectives. The UNICEF Chief assured that his organization will continue to collaborate with other donor agencies in order to provide the best possible solution to health care delivery services in the state. Chairman of Tafawa Balewa LGA, Barrister Kefas Magaji assured that the Council will ensure adequate maintenance of the facility which he Sai will go a long way in accelerating the development of the area in the area of health care delivery services. District Head of Lere, Sulaiman Mohammed thanked EU-UNICEF for the project saying that it will ease the problem people of the area are facing having to go to neighbouring Plateau state for health care services. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.