In African society, not many women have the guts to talk about sex, let alone claim to be an expert in the affair. But for Akinola Oluwatomiwa Balqees, the Chief Executive Officer of Miwa Signature Palace called the Kayanmata Goddess, this is a calling. Although, her looks belie the mettle of which she’s made from. Her beauty, delicateness and alluring appeal, rather than being a weakness has become her trump card that has made everything fallen into place for her. In spite of all the pains, the tears and the abuses, the University of Ilorin graduate has stuck to her gun, because she didn’t find herself in the business by accident, it was a childhood obsession. Speaking with Tribune Online at the weekend, she described her job as a calling. “I tell people it’s a calling. Not everyone has the balls to go into aphrodisiac business. Abroad, it’s normal, but in Nigeria, you are tagged a prostitute. I started selling aphrodisiac in my second year at the university and I was shy when people got to know. I was tagged the “juju seller” and I would cry myself to bed. I skipped a whole semester, I had to rebrand my life and develop a thick skin. It’s not for the weak, It was challenging, it was only reviews from customers that encouraged me. We conquered anyways.” Speaking on the business she has run for years, the light-skinned lady disclosed that the business is wide even as she was quick to add that she was still learning but yet the best in the game. BREAKING: Ex-NADECO chieftain, Arthur Nwankwo, is dead Gombe, FRIN partner to fight afforestation, create seedling… Senator Wamakko sponsors 10 indigent students to Ghana Tech… Northern governors condemn Plateau killings, condole govt,… “I’ve lost friends and my private life is no longer private but thank God we are at the pinnacle of this business. Sometimes, my male customers can be very difficult to deal with. They try to take advantage during consultations, they ask if they can try the products on me first. But the storm is wearing off and we are not only known all over Nigeria but also abroad.” ALSO READ: VIDEO: Hausa riders in truckloads of okada move out of Lagos, leave Lagosians trekking Speaking on her products, Balqees stated that “most of my products are of international standard. The ones locally produced are acquired directly from the source. I have the best suppliers. My bestseller is TFK powder, it’s an addictive Sweetener that benefits both partners. Adodun soap is a native soap from Ikare in Ondo State, it’s for sweetening, bonding and tightening,” she added. Known as the Kayanmata goddess because her secret weapon is the Kayanmata herb. She said she got to learn about it from her instructor who was teaching about skincare products. For someone who had a dream to end marriage and relationship breakups, the Miwa Signature Palace boss took the opportunity with both hands. “Kayanmata is a Hausa word, meaning ‘women’s things’. They are herbs used to enhance sexual pleasure. Kayanmata is the same as aphrodisiac, anything that is used to stimulate sexual pleasure. I’m called the Kayanmata Goddess because my products speak for itself and people value my knowledge. I understand what I do and above all, I have a pretty face. I heard about Kayanmata from my instructor who then was teaching me how to produce skincare products. I picked interest in it because of my parent’s separation, I had the vision to mend all broken homes,” Apart from using her Kayanmata magic to resolve sexual issues between men and women, Miwa Signature Palace boss also does aromatherapy, which she is fast gaining popularity for. In the interview she granted recently she explains what it entails. “Aromatherapy is a pseudoscience based on the usage of aromatic materials, including essential oils, and other aroma compounds, with claims for improving psychological or physical well-being. A woman’s wellbeing is important, It improves sleep quality. reduce stress, agitation, and anxiety. Few people understand it but many are less informed,” she said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE