Bishop Sam Zuga of House of Joy Ministry has identified a problem with Nigeria(ns) and expressed sadness over the situation of Nigerians living helplessly in Dubai and other countries, who had left Nigeria in search of greener pastures overseas. Addressing stranded Nigerian youths living in Dubai recently, Bishop Zuga revealed that Nigerians were the only problem of Nigeria because they make the world ridicule the acclaimed African giant. He, therefore, encouraged them, especially those who were unemployed to come back to the country of the birth, join forces to make the country a conducive place for all. Zuga, who received a handful of stranded Nigerians in his Dubai office, noted that most of them have no place to sleep, jobs or good source of income, etc yet, have refused to come home. He lamented that the majority of the able-bodied youths spent a huge amount of money to process their sojourn to Dubai, but met with disappointments due to lack of good jobs. Addressing the youths, Bishop Sam Zuga encouraged them to instead return to Nigeria, making it a conducive and enviable for other countries. He said, “What made Dubai what it is today are not angels. They are human beings like me. There’s nothing so special about the people that developed Dubai. I want to take you back to Nigeria, so you can create another Nigeria inside Nigeria. Opposition planning protest against service chiefs to… Eight-year-old girl becomes world’s youngest person to… Fayemi hails retired HoS for stabilizing civil service in… iGaming in Africa – A Boom in the Making? ALSO READ: Fayemi hails retired HoS for stabilizing civil service in Ekiti “Let me also add this; what we are passing through, we are the cause of it. “The insults we are receiving from the outside world, we are the cause of it. The sufferings of many Nigerians in Dubai are caused by Nigerians too. I want to tell you categorically that Nigerians are the only problem of Nigeria. And its only Nigerians that would change Nigeria. “I want us to go back home and start. We need something in Nigeria that would make everyone abroad to come back home. We can’t be moving like orphans. We have fertile land. We have money, we have everything. If Nigerians withdraw their investments in Dubai, there would be nothing like Dubai again. “If all Nigerians abroad decide to come back home, the world would pay serious attention! “But nobody is taking that direction. So, as a man of God, I am securing favour from God on the order of Nehemiah. “Leaving my comfort zone in Dubai here to go back home and pass through the pains of my people, so that in two years there would be change for us all is a sacrifice I have vowed to take. He pleaded with Nigerians in Diaspora all over the world, especially professionals and artisans, to return to develop the country so that it could regain its African giant status and become a world power. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.