US officials in hazmat suits boarded a cruise liner on Sunday to fly home Americans quarantined for two weeks off Japan, while China said measures such as locking down megacity Wuhan had, at last, slowed the pace of new coronavirus cases. After being held on-board the Diamond Princess since Feb. 3, American passengers were told to get ready for Sunday evening charter flights home from the cruise liner, which accounts for around half of all confirmed coronavirus cases outside China. Canadian, Italian, South Korean and Hong Kong passengers were expected to follow after their governments also announced plans to repatriate passengers. Within China, authorities reported 2,009 new coronavirus cases on Sunday, down from more than 2,600 new cases the previous day. Global concern remains high about the spread of the virus, which first emerged in China’s central Hubei province in December, with the first death outside Asia reported in France this weekend. The death toll jumped to 1,665 in mainland China on Sunday after 142 more people died from the virus. More than 68,000 people have now been infected – but the number of new cases of the COVID-19 strain continued to decline. In hardest-hit Hubei, the number of new cases slowed for a third consecutive day and at 139, the number of deaths was level with Saturday’s toll. According to AFP, the number of new cases in other parts of the country has dropped for twelve straight days. Mi Feng, National Health Commission spokesman, said Sunday that the figures were a sign that China was controlling the outbreak. “The effects of epidemic prevention and control in various parts of the country can already be seen,” he told reporters. But the WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has warned that it was “impossible to predict which direction this epidemic will take”. “We ask all governments, companies, and news organisations to work with us to sound the appropriate level of alarm without fanning the flames of hysteria,” he said, speaking at the Munich Security Conference. ALSO READ: Uganda’s Queen of Katwe star, Nikita Pearl Waligwa, dies at 15 The UN health body has asked China for more details on how diagnoses are being made. An international team of WHO experts will arrive in Beijing this weekend for a joint mission with Chinese counterparts. The scale of the epidemic ballooned on Thursday after authorities in Hubei changed their criteria for counting cases, retroactively adding 14,000 cases in a single day. Chinese authorities have placed some 56 million people in Hubei and its capital Wuhan under quarantine, virtually sealing off the province from the rest of the country in an unprecedented effort to contain the virus. Even as China insisted the epidemic was under control, Hubei authorities announced Sunday a tightening of movement across the province. Ebola in Eastern DRC remains global health threat ― WHO China virus death toll tops 1,100 as new cases fall WHO names coronavirus ‘Covid-19’, says outbreak poses grave… China virus deaths rise past 800, overtake SARS toll This includes broad instructions that residential compounds and villages are “sealed off” from unnecessary visitors, with tenants’ outings “strictly managed”, as well as recommending bulk purchases of daily necessities. All non-essential public spaces will also be closed, and residential areas and workplaces with confirmed cases should implement a 14-day quarantine. Local authorities elsewhere in China have also introduced measures to try and stop the virus from spreading. Beijing’s municipal government has enacted a rule requiring people coming to the capital to self-quarantine for 14 days, according to official media. Outside mainland China, an 80-year-old Chinese tourist in France was the fourth person to die from the new coronavirus, with the other deaths in the Philippines, Hong Kong, and Japan. The biggest cluster outside China is on a quarantined cruise ship off Japan, with 355 infections confirmed. The US, Canada, and Hong Kong said they will evacuate their citizens from the ship, and quarantine them on home soil. Several countries have banned arrivals from China and major airlines have cut services to the country. Malaysia said Sunday it would not allow any cruise ships departing or transiting Chinese ports to enter the country, following the discovery of a US citizen with the coronavirus. The virus spread last month as millions travelled across China for the Lunar New Year holiday, which was extended to try and prevent more infections. People have slowly started to return to work in the past two weeks, though many are doing their jobs from home and schools remain closed. With the government facing criticism over its handling of the crisis, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for tighter policing to protect social stability. The government must “increase the use of police force and strengthen the visible use of police” during the crisis, Xi said in a February 3 speech published by state media on Saturday. A number of local officials have been sacked for their role in mishandling the outbreak – including Hubei’s top two health officials, and the political chiefs of the province and Wuhan who were replaced with Xi loyalists. On Sunday, a host of new reprimands were made against officials in the virus-hit region, including one who “cut corners and worked around the centralised quarantine order,” according to Hubei authorities. “When a crisis like this happens, it becomes politically important. It’s about China’s international image, it’s about the Party’s legitimacy,” said Zhou Xun, a historian of modern China at the University of Essex. “But in general the post-Mao government did very little to really build up its health system, so the Chinese health system is very weak, it’s overloaded, inefficient, expensive and chaotic,” she said. “That’s one of the things (that) made the current crisis even worse.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.