Benue State Governor, Mr Samuel Ortom, has called on Nigerians to unite with a view to fighting the common enemy of the nation. The governor made the call while speaking in Abuja as a distinguished guest of honour at the launch of a book, authored by Terrence Kuanum, cataloguing the activities of Ibrahim El-Zakzakky and his Shiites movement, the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN). Ortom, who was represented by his Senior Special Assistant on Liaison, Hon Baba Acka, said it was only through unity that the battle against security challenges facing the country, including armed banditry, killings, kidnappings, among others could be put to rest. He lauded the author, Kuanum, who he described as an astute young man and a patriot who had survived many battles most of which were in the interest of the peaceful coexistence of Nigeria. Speaking at the occasion, Chancellor of Centre for International and Strategic Studies (CISS), Prof Ahmed Danfulani, noted that the mission and vision of IMN has not been officially stated, however, El-Zakzaky has severally made statements that mirror the missions, goals and intentions of the group. ALSO READ: Poor health indices: Gombe gov directs senior officials to supervise immunisation Danfulani, however, the body’s sole mission, which was to establish an Islamic state had been politically resisted by the government and other religious groups, adding that IMN had also engaged in violent acts that could be regarded as terrorism He said IMN mission as an extremist organisation had also been captured in their official websites, among others, noting that what was known about its mission and vision could be seen when a careful study of the group’s confessions and professions was embarked upon. Passengers leave Japan virus ship as death toll hits over… Bimbo Manuel’s ‘Alhaji’ examines erectile dysfunction Poor health indices: Gombe gov directs senior officials to… Agbowu of Ogbaagba petitions AIG over alleged assault by… This was just as he argued similarities could be seen in activities leading to the emergence of Boko Haram and the pattern and process of IMN, pointing out that the mission and vision of IMN showed their disregard for the Nigerian state and deliberate intensions to overthrow the Nigerian government through violent means. “Their mission as an extremist organisation has also been captured in their official websites etc. What is known about their mission and vision could be seen when a careful study of their confessions and professions is embarked upon. “Their sole mission which is to establish an Islamic state has been politically resisted by the government and other religious groups, however, the IMN have also engaged in violent acts that could be regarded as terrorism. “It should be noted that just like how Boko Haram started, the activities of IMN is taking to the same pattern and process. “The mission and vision of IMN show their disregard for the Nigerian state and deliberate intensions to overthrow the Nigerian government through violent means,” he said. In his remarks, the author of the book, Mr Kuanum, emphasised that the project became necessary because some international actors had begun taking advantage of the security situation in Nigeria, a situation which he said had made it difficult for citizens to coexist together as Nigerians. The author lamented the number of lives lost across the nation because of non-state actors who had continued to set the narratives to destabilise the nation through violent agitations for their own selfish interest, adding: “At a point, our sovereignty was questioned because someone else was setting the narratives for us.” He called on Nigerians to have confidence in the nation and trust the state institutions while countering the narratives aimed at destroying the stability if the country. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.