The leader of the Jamaatul Ahlil Sunna liddawati wal jihad (Boko Haram), Abubakar Shekau, has released a 9-minute video in which he threatened to kill the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant-General Tukur Buratai; Minister of Communication, Isa Pantami, and President Muhammadu Buhari. Apparently disturbed with the current move by the minister to ensure that every mobile phone is linked to the National Identity Number (NIN) and Bank Verification Number (BVN), the Boko Haram leader said in the video that the minister’s time on earth has come. According to him, what happened to Sheikh Jaafar Adams who was killed by his group in 2007 will happened to him, if he does not remove his hands from the terror group’s activities. The Boko Haram leader then directed his members wherever they are to kill the minister once he is sighted. Also, Shekau the Army chief, Buratai, whether he is still not tired of fighting the group, saying that, “you should wait for your day (assassination).” Shekau asked that President Buhari should wait for the angels of death (Boko Haram) who are now set to kill him. Shekau did not spare the media as he listed some international media like the German Radio, France Radio, as well as local radio stations including Dandal Kura and national dailies to be careful on the way they report the activities of Boko Haram, saying the group is purely doing God’s work on earth. Shekau also threatened to deal with Bulama Bukarti, an internationally renowned Boko Haram expert who was reputed to have written several articles on the sect. Full text of the video message reads: “This is a message I am sending out was created on Thursday 13th February. “As the leader of Jamaatul Ahlil Sunna liddawati wal jihad (Boko Haram), I am speaking directly to those who pretend to be good Muslims while they are not. God will judge the hypocrites of Islam who use the platform of religion to achieve their selfish gains. “We don’t judge people until we are sure of what we have seen in them. ALSO READ: Hit and run: Ondo police vows to arrest bullion van driver “This video message is specifically released because of one man, who thinks he is knowledgeable. I want him to archive this message and continue referring to it till his death comes. From today onward, you will continue to live in sorrow, because I, Shekau, say so. Borno: Presidency’s bribe for boo claim diversionary ― PDP Politicians paid miscreants to boo Buhari in Borno ― Garba… Zahra Buhari hasn’t secured employment with PPPRA ―… [UPDATE] Boko Haram attack: Buhari in Maiduguri on sympathy… “This warning is for Isa Ali Panatami; don’t think simply because you preach in English or because you are called a doctor, it means you have knowledge of Islam. You know nothing. Today you have become a minister, and you are feeling you can achieve your selfish ends. You must know that speaking English has nothing to do with Islam. “You said you are going to block phone lines and other means of communication, to frustrate the activities of Boko Haram, right. But you must understand that we don’t depend on such to take out our messages. Our messengers are like the angels of God. “How dare you attempt to stop the works we are doing for the creator of the heavens and earth, simply because you have become a slave to the white world and the country. We pity you if you don’t repent. “I swear to God, you are nothing. Initially, we have not begrudged with you, but now you have become a slave to the infidels; repent now and become a good Muslim. If you don’t comply from now on, death will come to you, Isa Ali Pantami. “I call on my members in Africa, in Nigeria to rise and do the needful. Let them know that what we did to Sheik Jafar is just the tip of the iceberg. “Anywhere you see Isa Ali Pantami, don’t spare him. Isa Ali Pantami you are nothing; even Jafar tried the same thing but we dealt with him; talk less of you that is nothing in Islamic practice. And from today on, you would not have rest of mind because you have dared God. ALSO READ: Hit and run: Ondo police vows to arrest bullion van driver “And you, President Buhari, you said you are almost 80 years old and you are busy going about, and now your people have started booing, right? You just wait for your angels of death. “And you Buratai, the chief of army staff; you (are) tired right? Wait for your day. “The journalists on BBC, Radio German, Radio France International, Dandal Kura, national dailies, be very careful in all that you write about us. We are not dealing with you people, we are doing the work of God. Our trust is in God and not in human beings. “We have understood your evil plots against the religion of God, and your hypocrisy has been made known to us. Go on and plot against us in secret, we too shall converge in secret and plot against and see who will take the day. “However, this video is purely created because of Isa Ali Pantami. And you Bulama Bukarti in England; you heard my words in the past. All these names I mention are insignificant elements. “And you President Buhari, simply because some persons told you that they have killed our commanders, so now you are emboldened and you want to kill Shekau, right? Who is Shekau, a small person to you? But you are now in trouble Mr Buhari; you are in big trouble. I am still here, that little boy that has defied the leaders of the world. I am still around, you just wait, it will soon be over before we all meet in the hereafter,” Shekau said. As at the time of filing this report, the presidency, Defence Headquarters and the minister are yet to respond on the genuineness or otherwise of the video clip. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.