Lagos State deputy governor, Dr Kadri Obafemi Hamzat, has stressed the important roles of traditional rulers in the promotion of peaceful co-existence among communities in  bringing about national development and growth. Hamzat said this while speaking at a symposium organized to commemorate the 20th Coronation Anniversary of the Oloja of Epe, Oba Kamorudeen Ishola Animashaun. According to the deputy governor, who spoke on Tuesday in Epe town, traditional rulers play useful roles in brokering peace between the people and the state, enhancing national identity, resolving minor conflicts and providing institutional safety, among others. Hamzat described traditional rulers as embodiment of people’s cultural ethos and values, who not only sought the wellbeing of residents but also set the rule of engagement. “Traditional rulers are the embodiment our cultural ethos and values. They seek the wellbeing of residents and set the rule of engagement,” he said, urging every tier of government in the country to work with them in order to achieve peace, stability and economic development. The deputy governor, while noting that traditional rulers today were still highly respected in many communities and have considerable political and economic influence, enjoined them to “form a partnership that allows government see the desire of the people.” He also enjoined the traditional rulers to ensure law and order was maintained in their various communities, noting that, “They possess the moral standards and authority that mitigates violence and danger. As such, they can hold communities together.” Speaking further, Dr. Hamzat, while maintaining that tradition should be held in esteem high by everyone, noted that caring for one another involves all the citizens in the community. We are not recruiting Cadet ASPs, Inspectors ― PSC Equities market records 5th-day loss, as investors lose N9bn Police arrest one in Abuja over murder of Aso Rock director 8 FIRS staff arraigned for allegedly assaulting policemen ALSO READ: You do not build a megacity by hiding the poor He, therefore, charged all to seek good of the community where they lived, saying: “Together we must evolve a common identity.” The deputy governor lamented that Yoruba Language was no longer spoken by many children, urging parents to improve on their children learning and speaking of the language so that the moral values contained therein can be imbibed. In a lecture titled: “The Role of Obas in National and Local Economic Development,” Professor Oladele Caleb Orimogunje of University of Lagos, stated that the development of every community in all aspects was paramount to the traditional rulers in Yorubaland. Orimogunje, while stressing the importance of traditional rulers, said they can help in advancing economy in their domains by promoting tourism that generates revenue. According to the Professor of Linguistics, who said different festivals, including Osun in Osogbo and Argungu can be utilized for the growth of economy at the local and national levels, such annual festivals if carefully handled “both the local government and state levels of administrations will continuously reap economic gains from them.” The Chairman of the Occasion and Paramount Ruler of Odo-Noforija Kingdom, Oba Babatunde Ogunlaja (JP), in his remarks, urged traditional rulers in the state to continue to assist the state government in its effort at administering governance and securing lives and properties in their domains as governance is a collective effort especially in a democracy. The traditional ruler added that for the continued growth and development of Epe Division, the citizens must fulfill their civic responsibilities to the state government SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.