Members of the House of Representatives on Monday expressed grave concerns over the level of impunity being perpetrated by public officials in connivance with insurance companies in the implementation of ‘blanket’ Group Life Insurance policy of Federal workers across major Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) as well as Federal Ministry of Defence and Nigeria Police. The investigation of the 20 insurance companies was a sequel to the resolution passed by the House on the need to conduct a forensic audit of insurance companies engaged by Federal Government on Group Life insurance for federal workers from 2014 to date, referred to the House Committee on Insurance and Actuarial Matters, chaired by Hon. Darlington Nwokocha. While giving an update on AIICO activities, AIICO Chief Executive Officer, Mr Babatunde Majekodunmi who affirmed that the Head of Service of the Federation appointed the firm after competitive bidding, however, noted that Head of Service had at no time provide data of all the federal workers insured, despite formal concerns raised by the organisation. While acknowledging that the current practice contravenes the provisions of the extant insurance law and NAICOM Act, Mr Majekodunmi who was flanked by Mr Benson Ogunyamoju, AIICO Deputy General Manager Group Life Insurance; Mr Donald Kano, company’s lawyer and Mr Adewale Kadir, however, argued that the default was due to public policy. While stressing that the issue of ‘blanket premium payment’ is an endemic issue in the industry as it concerns insurance cover under the office of the Head of Service of the Federation, Mr Majekodunmi disclosed that while the appointment letter was issued in November 2014, the premium was paid in August 2015, hence the insurance cover was rolled over to 2016/2017. On his part, Mr Donald Kanu, AIICO Legal Adviser noted that the non-payment of premium is common with all the agencies. In his intervention, Mr Adewale Kadir who also spoke on behalf of AIICO explained that the Head of Service and company agreed on the 2016/2017 commencement date for the premium.paid in August 2015, adding that the premium for 2018 has not been paid till date. While responding to question on the data of federal workers, Mr Majekodunmi explained that the company only interface with the Head of Service while brokers appointed by Head of Service interface with the workers. His position was further corroborated by Mr Ogunyamoju who noted that at no time directly interface with the individual beneficiary of the Group Life Insurance claims since there is no data to work with. According to him, as appointed Underwriter, Head of Service pays a blanket premium based on the total salaries of all the workers to be covered under the Group Life Insurance policy. Reps pass N278.355 billion FCT statutory budget Reps seek end to FG/ASUU IPPIS crisis Rep. urges youths to leverage on Not-Too-Young-to-Run Act #NigeriaAt59: NANS hails Buhari’s commitment to corruption… ALSO READ: Our annual spending on CSR is in excess of $40 million ― Total He, however, explained that when notified about the death of any of the workers, the company only request for certain details including: the deceased’s ID card, medical report and name of family of the deceased. While admitting that AIICO is under obligation to adhere to the Know Your Customer (KYC) in the extant insurance law, Mr Majekodunmi argued that the company has no reason to ascertain the health status of any of the staff covered. While dismissing the allegation bothering on fraud in the implementation of the Group Life Insurance under the office of the Head of Service of the Federation and Federal Ministry of Defence, Mr Majekodunmi observed that the scheme covers about 3% of over N10 billion insurance Schemes operated by the company, as the company pays claims worth N300 billion. Worried by the argument of ‘no premium, no insurance cover’, the lawmakers alleged that federal workers were not covered for 2 years despite several billions of naira appropriated to all MDAs for the period under review. The lawmakers who observed that the company ought to have a special account dedicated to Group Life Insurance in line with extant law, reiterated the House resolve to ensure that investments made into various schemes are safe and ensure that Nigerian workers are adequately protected. While reacting to the AIICO team’s submissions, Chairman, House Committee on Insurance and Actuarial Matters, Hon. Nwokocha noted that the practice was in contravention of Section 57 (1, 2) of the Insurance Act as well as Clause 6(4) of the NAICOM operational guidelines. Hon. Nwokocha who noted that the company had received over 1,000 petitions from Nigerians including members of the Armed Forces aND Police, he disclosed that the Committee is going to engage the service of foreign fo forensic auditors that will engage all the insurance companies with the view to unravel the rot in the industry. He maintained that the adoption of the blanket payment was in contravention with the NFIU, Anti-Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism law, which emphasized the need for verification of customers data and beneficiaries. According to him, the infraction through the adoption of the blanket payment can lead to loss of funds, fraud and corruption as well as inflated figures of people covered under the Group Life Insurance. Worried by the level of disregard of extant laws and the direct impacts on the morale of Nigerian workers especially members of the Armed Forces who are currently fighting insurgency and other criminal elements across the country, the Chairman demanded for details of all the insurance claims paid to beneficiaries under the office of the Head of Service of the Federation; Federal Ministry of Defence and Nigeria Police from 2014 to date; as well as statement of accounts detailing the Group Life insurance claims paid, investment certificates and details of outstanding claims. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.