The Vice-Chancellor of Prince Abubakar Audu University, Prof. Abdulkadir and the Rector of Kogi State polytechnic, Prof. Atureta have been suspended from office by Governor Yahaya Bello according to sources reaching our Correspondent. Nigerian Tribune gathered on Monday that the duo were suspended for non-compliance to the new financial guidelines as directed by Governor Yahaya Bello. According to the source close to the state government, the governor was terribly miffed by the behaviour of the two top officials and directed that they should proceed on suspension. The source revealed that the Governor refused to be placated, insisting that their actions were a high display of insubordination. Meanwhile, there are indications that letters are already being issued to MDAs that have complied and funds are soon to be released to them. ALSO READ: Gani Adams tasks FG on new power generation strategy to boost Nigeria’s economy However, top management of the two institutions confirmed the story saying the institution is awaiting further instruction from the state government. Meanwhile, the state Commissioner for information and Communication, Kingsley Fanwo who confirmed the development to our Correspondent on Monday said they were suspended for failing to comply with government’s directives that all departments and agencies were to be operating Treasury Single Account policy. JUST IN: Gov Bello suspends CMD Kogi Specialist Hospital Kogi to roll out fresh youth, women empowerment programmes Oshiomhole in Kogi, condoles with Gov Bello over… Gov Bello signs N176bn 2020 budget into law According to him, the Treasury Single Account policy was introduced based on the need to harness every penny accrued to the state to enable it to fulfill her financial obligations to the people. “For some times now, there have been circular directing all agencies departments and parastatals to operate under TSA but for an inexplicable reason, they have failed to heed this directive.” He said that they were suspended to send a warning signal to all ministries and government agencies that anyone who fail to heed the government’s directive would not be spared. The commissioner said that the Governor was terribly miffed by the behaviour of the two top officials and directed that they should proceed on suspension. He said that the Governor refused to be placated, insisting that their actions were a high display of insubordination. He said that letters have already been issued to MDAs that have complied and funds are soon to be released to them. He called on the top management of agencies and ministries to fully comply with the new financial guidelines, warning that anyone found wanting, would not be shielded. The Medical Director of the State Specialist Hospital, Dr. Ahmed Attah was also suspended from office by the governor. The suspension was also hinged on his failure to comply with the Treasury Single Account in operation by the state government. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.