President Donald Trump’s $4.8 trillion budget proposal for the fiscal year 2021 is likely to get a chilly reception from lawmakers on Monday over its proposals to slash spending on foreign aid and social safety net programs. The White House plans to unveil the budget blueprint for the fiscal year starting on October 1 at 12:30 p.m. eastern time, but administration officials confirmed key figures from the document over the weekend. According to Reuters, Democrats are expected to object to the deep spending cuts on domestic programs, while some Republicans may raise concerns over debt and deficits. The budget calls for a 21 per cent cut in foreign aid to $44.1 billion, down from $55.7 billion enacted in the fiscal year 2020. It would make savings in outlays to safety net programs including $130 billion in Medicare through drug pricing reforms, $292 billion to food stamp and Medicaid programs by enacting new work requirements for beneficiaries, and $70 billion through a clamp-down on eligibility for federal disability benefits. ALSO READ: Coronavirus: Chinese President makes rare visit to patients, medics as death toll tops 900 An administration official said the White House was making the proposals for substantial cuts despite an assumption that Congress, which controls US purse strings, would allocate more money on spending than Trump wants. With forecasts for strong economic growth, the budget predicts some $3.7 trillion in government receipts in the 2021 fiscal year. 33rd AU Summit: African leaders reject Trump’s Mideast peace… Iranian ‘victory’ satellite fails to reach orbit Iran to launch new scientific observation satellite Two US troops killed by Afghan soldier in Nangarhar attack Last year Trump signed a two-year budget deal with Congress that increased federal spending on defence and several other domestic programs, adding to growing government debt. That legislation authorized $2.75 trillion in new defence and non-defence spending through Sept. 30, 2021. Trump’s budget is largely a political document. It includes spending on Trump’s priorities as he seeks re-election later this year, including $2 billion to fund further construction on a border wall with Mexico, a project that is especially popular with his political base, and funding for an infrastructure bill that is unlikely to be passed by Democrats and Republicans in Congress. Military spending would rise 0.3% to $740.5 billion. The budget forecasts $4.6 trillion in deficit reduction over 10 years and assumes economic growth at an annual rate of roughly 3 per cent for years to come, officials said. Trump has taken credit for the strength of the US economy thanks in part to tax cuts he championed and Congress passed earlier in his term. The budget funds an extension of those cuts over a 10-year period with $1.4 trillion. The White House proposes to slash spending by $4.4 trillion over 10 years and reduce the deficit by $4.6 trillion in that time period. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.