The Catholic Bishops have urged the federal government to support and regulate Southwestern Security Network (SWSN), tagged ”Amotekun”. This was disclosed by the Archbishop of Ibadan, Most Reverend Gabriel Abegunrin,  during a press conference organised by Catholic Bishops of Ibadan, held at Jubilee Conference centre, Oke-Ado Ibadan, on Tuesday. According to  Most Reverend Abegunrin, the security of lives and property is the primary duty of government, adding that the security of lives should not be exclusive to any organisation. He commends the Southwestern governors who acted across their party and religion to set up Amotekun. ”The Amotekun outfit is a metaphor for the utmost need for leaders to cater for the welfare of all those who are placed under their care, irrespective of tribe or religion. If well regulated and groomed, it will surely bring the much-needed improvement to peace and public order in the Southwest of Nigeria” ”It is a constitutional fact that the primary duty of government is the protection of lives and property. In this regard, we commend the action of the governors of the southwestern region who acted across party and religious lines to set up the Southwestern security network (SWSN), tagged  ”Amotekun”, he said Adding that the South-West governors have responded to their duty as Chief security officers of their states to secure lives and property of all in the Southwestern region of Nigeria. He further spoke on the recent mindless murders in Nigeria, which include the killing of the chairman Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) Reverend Lawan Andimi, at Adamawa and killing of a major Seminarian, Micheal Nnadi. He, however, urged the relevant authorities to wake up to their responsibilities and bring the perpetrators of the murder and other such dastardly act to justice. ALSO READ: Oyo Assembly indicts sacked chairmen over projects duplication, inflation, illegal withdrawals FG, Delta govt partner on methanol FG urges students to embrace science, technology subjects CPN vows to flush out quacks in IT industry FG lauds NSCDC on fight against illegal mining Reverend Abegunrin also said that propaganda seems to interfere with policy and concrete actions in Nigeria. ”We are sad to note that more, and more propaganda seems to interfere with policy and concrete action in Nigeria. The fiercely defensive reaction of government officials and spokesmen to even constructive and positive criticism often gives the impression that we cherish only positive comments about the government of the day,” he said. Also speaking, Archbishop Emeritus of Ibadan, Most Reverend Felix Job, implore the federal government to work with governors in order to improve the security of lives, adding that the federal government should link down to the grassroots through the state and local governments. He said it is the duty of the government to respect human lives and to make Nigeria a worthy place to live. ”It is God who created all and as we believe in Jesus Christ , through him all things were made, so it is the duty of government to respect human life and to make Nigeria  a worthy place to live, many people are afraid to travel from one part of Nigeria to the other on the roads, it is not just insecurity from barbarians, it is insecurity from security officers and this should be looked in to,” he said He, however, charged the government to be proactive, in order to show the youths that they should not have pride in evil and also encourage those struggling. Interacting with journalists, Bishop of Oyo, Most Reverend Emmanuel Badejo, explained that the conference is organised to call the attention of the media to the one of the communique which comprised of the alarming security situation of the country. According to him, the issue of governance is a social contract of trust between the people and those who govern them. He also disclosed that democracy is all about the investment of ideas, diversity of ideas and the quality of ideas that go into it. He, therefore, call on stakeholders and government to invest  in the education sector of the country and empowerment of the youths SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE