Have you ever heard of a Nigerian been a mayor in any famous town in France? So engineer Dawari Horsfall, a deputy mayor of Massy 91 since 2014, in one of the biggest towns in Paris region, is about to fulfil the dream. He is becoming the first African-European man to blast into outer space. Dawari Horsfall, a brilliant young leader who was born in Lagos Nigeria, but grew up in Massy 91 France and now contesting to be the mayor of a town whose population is about 50,833. The son of Dr Emilia Belgam, a renown philanthropist from Opobo in Rivers State, who the empowerment of widows and youths in Africa is to be praised. The father, late Mr Daminagbo Ekine Horsfall, was also the former project manager of Agip in Nigeria. Married to a distinguished Guinean and blessed with three children, Dawari, an indefatigable gentle and humble man, whose smile at the first run makes you very comfortable and at ease. He is a very honest and law-abiding person, very helpful, good-hearted, generous and kind towards others. He accomplished his primary and secondary l education in Massy, and later attended University of Orsay and earned an engineering degree at the University of Anthony 92 in France. FIRS, multinationals set for war over $10bn annual tax leak Police recruiting volunteers into IGP’s security initiative… We didn’t endorse Ajimobi as deputy national chairman… Why I won’t interfere in Ganduje, Sanusi rift —Buhari No challenge was too great for Dawari to take on. His accomplishments did not end there, and immediately, he was admitted into the school of Science and Politics Paris, where he obtained a degree in Urban delinquency. He gripped several steps in search of knowledge and came out today as a solid rock among all. His strong background in sports has made him excel with the latest developments through his association, Humanitaria, by organising the famous international hip-hop battle dance festival in favour of the youths. ALSO READ: Sultan chides Northern elders, says Operations Shege Ka Fasa illegal In 2008, without political apparatus, he made history at the local government elections in making a surprising score. He co-founded in 2010, during the regional elections, the Emergence Movement and became the leader. The first attempt in politics at the district elections of 2011 and 2012 legislative councils respectively projected him to the limelight, and in 2015 he co-founded and later became the president of Collectif Citizens, with 85 political elected members. Recently he left the present coalition and co-founded the inter-generational Massy Verte and Citoyen, which the main objective is to sustain the population, and for vision, the ecology. The forthcoming local government elections is scheduled for 15th and 22nd of march 2020 in France. The Imo State in the Diaspora and some Nigerian associations in France are rallying around for support. A diner in support of Dawari will be organised on the 29th of February 2020 at 21 rue Marcadet Paris 18. • Ejims wrote in via Focusallafrica@gmail.com SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.