A leadership crisis has engulfed Bauchi State Chapter of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) following the Supreme Court Judgement which affirmed the election of Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir on as the duly elected Governor of the state just as unknown persons believed to be hired political thugs attacked the Next Level’ campaign office on Thursday located on Maiduguri bypass destroying billboards, posters, and other items. An eyewitness told our Correspondent that the attackers stormed the office armed with dangerous weapons like cutlasses, knives, clubs and other items while two of them were said to have local Dane guns with which they destroyed everything on-site chanting anti-MA (immediate former Governor’s) songs. The eyewitness who pleaded anonymity declared that the hired thugs were allegedly recruited by some bad elements within the party who are opposed to the leadership of the party headed by Uba Ahmed Nana as Chairman and bent on destroying the party in the state. He said, “as you can see, this is purely political brigandage, and handiwork of enemies within and without who want to sniffed live out of opposition in the state. We are therefore calling on security agencies to immediately swing into action, apprehend the culprits and bring them to justice. Meanwhile, Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state under the aegis of ‘MA solidarity forever’ have restated their unflinching support to the immediate former Governor, Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar who lost the 2019 gubernatorial election to the incumbent Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The group reiterated its support to Mohammed Abubakar on Thursday during the official launching of the group held at the APC State Secretariat attended by top party officials including state Chairman, Uba Ahmed Nana, his Deputy, Director-General APC 2019 Campaign Organization, Aminu Danmaliki among other chieftains. Trump’s travel ban is ethnic cleansing Election of new ASUU leaders in LASU irrevocable ― VC Sultan chides Northern elders, says Operations Shege Ka Fasa… IPAC kicks as INEC deregisters 74 members In his speech, Chairman of the Forum, Abubakar Gabi said that although the former governor lost the election and the legal battle at the Supreme Court, they are still behind him being the leader of the party in the state. He said that, ” We lost at the 2019 general elections, at the Elections Petition Tribunal, Appeal Court and Supreme Court verdicts have all come and gone, and therefore should be put behind so that we can move forward targeting 2023″. Abubakar Gabi added that, ” Under this circumstance, the only option left for all the teeming supporters of the former governor is to pray for God’s guidance towards looking for a better future while unity, understanding, tolerance, perseverance and therefore should be our guiding principle”. ALSO READ: Return to site or refund our money, Bauchi governor warns contractors “In another related circumstance, if we go down the memory lane, APC members in Bauchi State should not be forgotten so soon because a governor was not produced in the 2019 general elections but the same APC has to its credit the following; scored about 800,000 votes at the Presidential election more than Adamawa and Taraba States put together by over 200,000 votes”, he boasted. ” APC in Bauchi State produced the whole three Senators in its fold. APC in Bauchi State produced nine out of 12 House of Representatives members and 22 out of 31 State House of Assembly members.”,he pointed out. Also speaking, the state APC Chairman Uba Nana said the party cannot afford to lose Bauchi State in 2023 general elections again hence the need for all members to remain committed and united ahead of the next election. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.