Lawmakers in Ondo State on Tuesday resumed legislative duties after some weeks of recess to attend to the modalities for the establishment of the bill on the security outfit codenamed, Amotekun. The bill for the establishment of the security outfit, however, passed through the first and second reading during the plenary and was sent to the House Committee on Security for scrutiny and recommendations. The Speaker, Rt Hon Bamidele Oleyelogun, while speaking said those principal officers of the house alongside the Clerk will on February 26, 2020, join their counterparts from the region in Ibadan, Oyo State capital, to harmonise their position on the bill. Oleyelogun who noted that posterity will be kind to all those involved in the setting up of ‘Operation Amotekun’ said the outfit will go a long way to reduce crime and banditry in the state and the region. He, however, disclosed that a public hearing will be held on the bill on February 24, 2020, in order to draw contributions from members of the public on how best to fortify and run the operations of the security outfit. The house subsequently gave the committee one week to submit its report before the lawmakers. ALSO READ: Equities investors lose N13bn on Tuesday as bears persist Amotekun: Ondo assembly calls off recess, resumes session… Ekiti elders commend assembly on passage of Amotekun bill,… UPDATE : Ekiti Assembly passes Amotekun bill into law BREAKING: Ekiti Assembly passes Amotekun bill Deliberating on the bill earlier sent to the lawmakers by the executive arm of the state, the Majority Leader of the house, Hon Jamiu Maito, commended the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, for his courage in ensuring the implementation of the outfit and the bill to legalise the security outfit. The Majority leader stressed the importance of the bill, noting the increasing rates of kidnappings, ritual killings, herdsmen attacks among others in the South-West region. The Chairman, House Committee on Security, Hon James Gbegudu stressed that when fully operational, Amotekun will help to correct all the social vices currently encroaching on South-West states. He said giving legislative backing to the security outfit would be one of the best gifts from the governors of the South-West states to their people and the country, saying it shows the determination and commitment of the governors towards protecting the lives and property of the governed. It would be recalled that governors in the South-West states of Nigeria had earlier adopted a common security network codename ‘Amotekun’ in view of the threatening security issues in the zone. The Ondo State Executive Council had last week forwarded the bill on the establishment of the Ondo State Security Network Agency to the House of Assembly for approval and subsequent passage into law. When operational the ‘Amotekun’ security network is expected to among other things enhance security in the South-West States of Nigeria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.