The House of Representatives, on Monday, expressed displeasure over the multiple infractions discovered in the audited accounts of the Nigerian Communications Satellite Ltd (NigComSat) and declared its Management incompetent to run such an important agency successfully. The Chairman of the House Committee on Finance, Rep. James Falake, stated this when the Management of the Agency led by its Managing Director, Mrs Abimbola Alale, appeared before it at the resumed investigative hearing into the under-remittance by major Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) of the Federal Government. The Committee said it was taken aback that the submission made available to it was full of infractions and doubted the professional competency of the Accountants who audited accounts and the inabilities of the Managing Director and the General Manager, Finance, Mr Adamu Idris, to provide satisfactory answers to most of the questions put to them. ALSO READ: Report of Buhari going on vacation fake ― Presidency According to Rep. Falake, ” things can not continue like this, you are not competent, we have to rescue this Agency from you, in fact if I have my way, I will recommend your sack. Bayelsa: PDP Reps caucus calls for prosecution of… Gbajabiamila, Wase felicitate el-Rufai at 60 Reps to strengthen marketing activities in Nigeria ―… IGP approves Police Post for Arts and Culture village “We can not continue with this exercise, the management will have to leave, go and perfect your records and you will represent for consideration because the one brought now can not stand the test of time, we will have to start from 2012 financial year.” The Chairman of the Committee, who later addressed newsmen, said that the Agency would be placed on status enquiry to determine its financial status. According to him, “we are continuing with our investigations on revenue monitoring to ensure what happened in the past don’t continue. And the essence is to make sure that all revenues meant for the consolidated revenue accounts are remitted as and when due and every outstanding accounted for “We have just taken on the Nigeria Communications Satellite Limited (NigComSat). We looked at their presentation and we were not pleased with what we saw, so we ordered for a status enquiry “The documents that were presented to us were supposed to have been prepared by professionals, but when we saw what they brought, we all were embarrassed and that was why I said if we have our ways, we recommend severe sanctions against them. “Although, we don’t have the power to hire and fire, but it’s within our purview to recommend sanctions which could include sack of a given officer, so we can actually do that.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.