Hundreds of Thais held an evening vigil on Sunday for the 30 victims of an “unprecedented” mass shooting carried out by a soldier. Sharpshooters killed the gunman on Sunday morning after a 17-hour ordeal, including a night of firefights and terrifying dashes for mall exits by shoppers trapped in the Terminal 21 mall in Nakhon Ratchasima, also known as Korat. The provincial governor told reporters that the death toll stood at 30 with dozens injured. The dead include civilians – one of them a 13-year-old boy – and security forces going after the rogue soldier, who was upset over a debt dispute, according to Thailand’s prime minister Prayut Chan-O-Cha. “It is unprecedented in Thailand, and I want this to be the last time this crisis happens,” he said earlier outside a hospital where victims – some in critical condition – were being treated. Those who attended the sombre vigil scrawled messages on white sheets of paper laid out on the ground, including “Remember Forever” and “I wish you a good afterlife”. ALSO READ: Two US troops killed by Afghan soldier in Nangarhar attack Prayut, a former army chief, blamed a “personal problem” over the sale of a house for the soldier’s rampage, which began on Saturday afternoon near an army barracks and was for several hours relayed by the gunman via Facebook posts. The attacker, identified as Sergeant-Major Jakrapanth Thomma, used a stolen M60 machine gun and rifles from one of Thailand’s largest barracks as well as a military humvee to carry out the attack. Thai soldier kills 29 in rampage before being shot Prayut said the gunman overpowered security at the barracks’ arsenal and that “carelessness” was not a factor. “We don’t leave the arsenal depot alone – we had people guarding it.” Volleys of gunfire rang out as the siege ran into dawn, hours after Thai security services stormed the ground floor and freed scores of terrified shoppers. They sent cascades of messages to friends and family on social media from storerooms, barricaded in toilets and hidden under tables as the gunman stalked the mall. With the machine gun slung over his shoulder and in full combat gear, Jakrapanth swaggered through the emptied out floors in haunting footage captured by CCTV cameras. Evacuees recounted how an ordinary Saturday at the busy shopping centre descended into horror as he entered. “It was like a dream… I’m grateful I survived,” Sottiyanee Unchalee, 48, told AFP, explaining she hid in the toilet of a gym inside the mall as she heard the gunfire. Filipino teacher Aldrin Baliquing said he was ushered into a storeroom by staff as the shooting began. “We were there for six gruelling hours… I’m in shock,” he said. Scores of people made a dash for it as police and soldiers in masks and wielding assault rifles took control of the ground floor following a gun battle and scoured the fleeing crowds for the assailant. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.