After one year of court battle, six students of Madonna University, Okija, Anambra State and one of their lecturers are set to regain their freedom following an understanding reached with authorities of the university. Nigerian Tribune gathered the embattled Madonna 7 were arrested in January 2019 from their various locations in the country and detained in prison custody in Awka and Onitsha till July 2019 over alleged unfavourable remarks against the university. They were later charged to court and the matter has been before the Federal High Court, Awka. As the case went on, it was gathered that some of the parents of the students apologised to the founder of the university, Reverend Father Emmanuel Ede, as demanded by the prosecution counsel, Mr Arthur Obi-Okafor, SAN. At the resumed hearing of the case on Monday in Awka, the court was informed that all the seven defendants had reached an understanding with the university, thus paving way for an amicable resolution of the case. One of the parents of the students, Chief Christopher Onyejekwe, who was in the forefront during the legal battle, said at the court premises on Monday that he supported the position of the prosecution counsel, arguing that one should not build a house and destroy it. He said: “I have been going to the blessed sacrament and praying day and night and today I give glory to Jesus our saviour and Blessed Virgin Mary. “I handed this matter over to them and I am happy that our prayers are answered. Our desire is that these children should be given their certificates to enable them to go for the National Youth Service Corps so that this matter should be closed finally. ALSO READ: Court declares Ruga settlement unlawful, unconstitutional Suspected armed militia kill, behead two farmers in Taraba SCOAN: Why the world must listen in 2020, beyond Moving beyond the prettiest culture for women Nigeria’s alarming security situation “I am not happy that many parents have withdrawn their children from the university because of this issue. It is our expectation that we should reconcile so that those who have withdrawn their children should bring them back. “I was one of the people that led the campaign against the university, but I have realised that it is not good to fight one of the best tertiary institutions we have in this part of the country. “It is also children from this part of Nigeria that populate the school and we should, therefore, protect its interest. I have been part of Madonna University since its inception and I will continue to support its growth and development.” He, however, advised authorities of the university to identify the bad eggs in the institution and do away with them to avoid giving the university bad name. He also commended the action of the founder of the university, Rev. Fr. Edeh on the matter and hoped that the whole thing would end on the next adjourned date. “Fr. Edeh is a good man, but it appeared that some of the people working in that university were causing the problem,” Onyejekwe said. Also speaking, counsel to the defendants, Mr Chinedu Igwe welcomed the decision of the learned SAN to end the matter once and for all. “We have made the submission of the students to reach an agreement with the university. As it stands, everybody is on the same page now. It is a welcome development because the students need to continue with their lives because they have suffered so much. “We hope that all the charges will be withdrawn on 4th March,” Igwe said. The presiding judge, Justice Babatunde Quadri adjourned the case to March 4, 2020. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE