EXAMINATION malpractice is the act of flouting rules and regulations of examination deliberately in a bid to cheat and have undue advantage over others. It is a fact that if malpractice is allowed, some students will have undue advantage over other students and this should not be encouraged because the ability of the students will be difficult to ascertain. Factors responsible for this vice include parents failure to train their children on how to be independent and to build their self-confidence. Parents can’t be exempted from this wrong because some contribute to this problem; they don’t care about the academic progress of their children and are not available to help them with challenges. Our faulty educational system is also a cause of examination malpractice. It is about the kind of schools we have and the educational policies made by the government; most of the schools are run by businessmen who are only interested in the money and not the impact they have on students. The quality of teacher employed by some schools is poor and this affects performance of students in examination, thereby encouraging the students to engage in malpractices. There is no way to success in examination when students don’t have the requirements to pass. Those that are supposed to teach them are not well paid. Our educational policy is getting worse by the day and this has a direct impact on students. Hypo launches nationwide campaign against LASSA Fever How we are using software to build low-cost technology… How to clamber out of the pit of stagnation in 2020 Jaiz Bank increases profit BT 114% in 2019 Also, some students are lazy and are fond of looking for shortcuts; they have a bad approach to academic pursuit and do not prepare for examination; consequently, cheating becomes a lifeline. Examination malpractice is a vice that should be avoided because it leads to mediocrity which affects people in the future. Parent- teacher relationship should be encouraged in a bid to nip this in the bud. Teachers should ensure that their approach to teaching is engaging and centred on passing knowledge. Examination bodies should work together to create a guideline for examinations that will eradicate all forms of malpractice.  Favour Johnson, Ibadan. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.