The leadership of the House of Representatives is expected to interface with relevant government agencies and Diplomatic Missions with the view to adopt a diplomatic resolution on the controversy that led to the travel ban imposed on Nigeria by the US Government. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion of urgent national importance on the need to unravel circumstances that led to immigration restriction by the United States of America and seeks quick resolution and prevent future occurrences,’ sponsored by Hon. Yusuf Tajudeen. To this end, the House urged President Muhammadu Buhari’s cabinet to expedite necessary actions that may lead to the review or cancellation of the immigration restriction. While venting their views on the reasons adduced to the travel restriction on Nigeria, Hon. Sergius Ogun (PDP-Edo) stressed the need to sanction the agency responsible for the non-compliance with the established identity management and information sharing criteria assessed by performance metrics. ALSO READ: Buhari appoints Amokachi Nigeria’s Football Ambassador He also harped on the need for the government to provide necessary health infrastructure that will improve the health sector in the bid to reduce capital flight spent on medical tourism. On his part, Hon. Dachung Bagos described the travel ban as a national embarrassment. Cashew can earn Nigeria over $200m annually ― Stakeholders Immigration to US: Trump imposes new travel ban on Nigeria,… Coronavirus: Reps direct relevant govt agencies to set up… Nigeria laid foundation for current insecurity ― Professor… Worried by the development, Hon. Tajudeen who led the debate on the motion harped on the need to take proactive steps towards that may lead to the review or cancellation of the immigration restriction. According to him,  “The House is aware that the United States of America on Slst January 2020, as a direct consequence of non-compliance with the established identity-management and information-sharing criteria assessed by performance metrics, placed immigration restriction on Nigeria and four other countries Tanzania, Sudan, Eritrea, Myanmar and Kyrgyzstan “The House is also aware that the immigration restriction on Nigeria and these countries which is a further fallout of alleged non-adequate data sharing on public safety and terrorism-related information necessary for protection is expected to take effect on 21st February 2020 “Due to the tardiness of some government agencies and officials, Nigeria was unable to meet the deadline for performance metrics, identify management and information sharing criteria, which has led to the unfortunate immigration restriction order placed by the USA on Nigeria “The House observes that while Nigeria; through relevant agencies and top officials was not able to meet the criteria, some developing nations like Chad and Belarus did the needful and were exempted from the immigration restrictions “The is worried that the immigration restrictions order on Nigeria aside having far-reaching multiplier effects on the polity, economy and governance, attracts serious global embarrassment to our dear country “The House is disturbed that the immigration restrictions will impact negatively and have grievous repercussions on well-meaning Nigerians who have legitimate personal, vocational, career, business and academic transactions in the USA “The House is alarmed that if the restriction order is not reversed, it may lead to more strident diplomatic measures not only by the USA but some other developed nations, which may have serious consequences on government’s initiatives geared towards national growth and development,” he said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE