Osun State government has commenced the construction of 53.4 kilometres road projects worth N5.2 billion across the three senatorial districts in the state. The government said the road network projects would go a long way to decongest traffic within and outside the state and make life easier for the residents, particularly the motorists. This disclosure was made on Monday night by the Commissioner for Works and Transport, Mr  Remi Omowaye, at a press conference jointly addressed by the Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Mrs Funke Egbemode, shortly after the weekly state executive council meeting. Omowaye who explained that the road project would cost a sum of N5,245,729,794.95 said the development was a fallout of needs and requests of the people during the thank you tours of Governor Gboyega Oyetola shortly after winning 2018 gubernatorial election. He expressed optimism that the roads when completed, would drive the economy of the state and facilitate investment as the government is working round the clock to reposition the economy of the state for the betterment of the citizens. Giving the breakdown of the roads, Omowaye revealed that “five major roads had been approved by the state executive council across the three senatorial districts for reconstruction and rehabilitation.” Borno killing: Our land has been desecrated by blood of… Reconciliation: Oshiomhole inaugurates Akande’s… Tears as abducted, murdered Kaduna seminarian, Michael… Couple make history with Northern Ireland’s first… ALSO READ: Five die in suicide attack on Afghanistan military academy According to him, “the state will expend N1,569,734,774.00 for the construction and rehabilitation of Ada-Igbajo 13.15km road, while N644,734,203.03 will be expended to fix the 2.87km Akindeko-Awosuru link road via Adejumo street, with Oremeji spur, Akinlade street, Adewale Street with loop to WAEC road. Omowaye further added that a sum of N1,656,963,889.47 would be expended on the rehabilitation/complete overlay of 25.8km Army Barack (Ede) -Ara-Ejigbo township road, just as N835,138,000.54 will be expended for the rehabilitation and complete overlay of 8.10km Moro-Yakoyo-Ipetumodu-Asipa-Ife/Ibadan expressway junction road.” He stated that the rehabilitation/complete overlay of 4.38km Ereja Round-About-Ereguru-Isaare-Oke Oye-Sabo (Irojo)-Ilesa/Akure expressway junction will cost N539,158,927.91. Speaking on the source of funding for the project, the Omowaye noted that the project is going to be a ‘Contractor-Financing Project’ under the Alternative-Project-Funding-Approach (APFA). “We are doing about five roads because this is not the first road. Since we came in, we have done about ten township roads but this is another phase of road project that we are working on. “We picked these roads to bring succour to the people of the State. These are the roads that will add economic value to the people. We have factored in necessary things required to ensure quality and standard roads”, he remarked. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.