The Minister of Environment, Dr Muhammed Mahmood Abubakar, has moved for inclusive participation in climate change education, noting that nations across the globe are at a defining moment occasioned by climate change impact which is already threatening human survival and livelihood. The minister said this at the South-west regional sensitisation workshop on climate change, held in Lagos recently. The regional sensitisation workshop on climate change is aimed at building the capacity of sub-national government to adequately prepare and respond to the impacts of climate change and contribute to national action on climate change. At the event, the minister stated that: “Climate Change is the defining issue of our time and we are at a defining moment, it is one of the greatest challenges of our time and its widespread unprecedented impact burden all countries. “The latest heat waves and severe temperature fluctuations, as well as drought and floods that have hit many parts of the world in recent times, are only a reminder that the devastating effects of climate change are real.” ALSO READ: Study to revamp health sector, Bauchi speaker charges students Speaking on Nigeria’s preparation to mitigate the severe impact of climate change, the minister stated that: “In this regard, the Federal Government is advancing policies and initiatives aimed at addressing significant challenges occasioned by climate change such as reviving the Lake Chad, increasing its forest cover, deploying smart renewable energy solutions, halting and reversing desertification and land degradation, flooding, ocean surge, gender mainstreaming as well as engaging the youths in climate governance.” Dr Abubakar disclosed that the Federal Government has developed a Sectorial Action Plan (SAP) for the implementation and fulfilment of Nigeria’s obligation under the Paris Agreement and the actualisation of goals of its National Determined Contribution (NDC). He then stressed the need for increased education and public awareness which, according to him, is central to increase enthusiasm and support to stimulate action. It will also mobilise local knowledge and resources towards mitigating and adapting to the severe effect of climate change in Nigeria. “Awareness creation requires strategies of effective communication to reach the desired outcome. The combination of these communication strategies for a targeted audience for a given period can be described as ’Awareness Raising Campaign’. As stakeholders, we must ensure that no one is left behind in climate change education,” Dr Abubakar stressed. Delivering the remarks of the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Environment, Mrs Ibukun Odusote, the Director Climate Change, Dr Yerima Tarfa, stated that the role of sub-national government in managing climate change cannot be overemphasized as the issue of climate change is global while noting that the solution is local. Odusote expressed optimism that the workshop will improve participants’ knowledge on impact and possible adaptive and mitigation measures to curb the severe effects of climate change in Nigeria. In his remarks, the Lagos State Commissioner of Environment and Water Resources, Tunji Bello, stated that delivering on the ambitions of the Paris Agreement and the Nationally Determined Contribution will be difficult without collaboration between National and Sub-National Governments and other relevant stakeholders, adding that any opportunity to work together to achieve this goal should be supported by all stakeholders. While affirming the commitment of the Lagos State Government to mitigating the effect of Climate Change in the State, the Commissioner stated that: “The Lagos State government is always committed to addressing climate change as demonstrated by the policy of the state government which details actions tailored towards sustainable development in all sectors.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.