The Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola has called on security agencies in the country not to give up the fight against terrorism, armed banditry and all forms of crimes and criminality, but to embrace the spirit of patriotism, commitment, and love for the fatherland in order to ensure a peaceful nation. Aregbesola made the call at a patriotism advocacy programme tagged, “Do the right thing: Fall in love with Nigeria” organised by the National Orientation Agency (NOA) in Abuja. Director, Press & Public Relations, Ministry of Interior, Mohammed Manga, in a statement quoted the Minister as saying love for one’s country is “undoubtedly a good trait that imbued people with a sense of loyalty and a desire to coexist peacefully with one another, regardless of religion, political affiliation and cultural background.” He said further that in view of the on-going battle against the spate of insecurity, crime, and criminality, as well as corruption in Nigeria, commitment of all the security agencies and Nigerians in particular towards government’s efforts at driving off all sorts of negative influences that could damage the collective national agenda of the country, is imperative. The Minister stressed that Nigeria is in dire need of positive values, peace, security, national integration and change of attitude at all levels, with a view to overcoming all threats to internal security so as to improve socio-economic development, in line with the policy thrust of the President Muhammadu Buhari Administration. NYSC, NOA, others join Nationwide march against corruption… NOA, Customs to boost public sensitisation on border… Google commends FG for introducing online safety in schools’… Ikoyi prison electrocution: Court to hear suit against FG… ALSO READ: FCTA arraigns 34 motorists over traffic violations He urged Nigerians and the security agencies to continue to demonstrate a high level of patriotism towards the country by ensuring that all enemies of the state stay away from the nation’s borders. Aregbesola who unveiled the “Fall in Love with Nigeria” campaign banner made by the National Orientation Agency, commended the security agencies in the country for their doggedness towards curtailing the activities of the insurgents, armed bandits, and other criminal elements, stressing that the damage would have been devastating without them. In his remarks, the Director-General, National Orientation Agency, Garba Abari noted that the promotion of peace and security is a task for every Nigerian, adding that all hands must be on deck in supporting the government’s effort at sustaining peace and security in the country. “As the nation waits with bated breath and great expectations for the celebration of our 60th independence anniversary, come October 1, 2020, it is indeed time to cast our minds back to our long journey to ultimate nationhood as a people from diverse cultural, social and political backgrounds and remain resolute in our March towards greatness,” Abari said. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE.