THE Nasrul-Lahi-L-Fatih Society (NASFAT) has donated the sum of N1 million to its members who were victims of the recent fire incident at Akesan market in Oyo town, in Oyo State. The chairman of NASFAT Relief Initiative (NRI), Alhaji Ma’aruf Arowosaye, presented cheques to the 23 beneficiaries who are members of the Oyo branch of the organization, last weekend, at an event held at NASFAT Village, Oyo. The immediate past president of the orgainsation, Alhaji Kamil Bolarinwa; a member of the Board of Trustees, Alhaji Ma’aruf Ajiroba and other top officials from Oyo zone and national headquarters of the organisation in Lagos also attended the event. Alhaji Arowosaye, who said the gesture was meant to show love and share in the pains of the affected members, urged the beneficiaries to take the fire incident in their stride and be steadfast in their trust in Allah. “We are trying to set a pace to show love and share in the pains and anguish of some of our members that were affected by the inferno that happened about a month ago. According to the sunnah, we must show love to all and sundry, irrespective of race or religion and that is what NRI stands for. “This initiative was designed to cover many things, one of which is to bail people out when they are in difficulties. The initiative is not limited to NASFAT or Muslims alone, but it is extended to all and sundry. “All Muslims, and indeed all people who believe in showing love to their fellow human beings, are welcome to join hands with us in this initiative. The advantages inherent in it are so numerous,” he said. The Oyo zonal chairman of NASFAT, Alhaji Abdul-Mumeen Azeez, described the donation as a testament to the status of the organisation as not only an asalatu group but also a charitable organisation which cares about its members and those of the larger society. “It gladdens my heart to witness the invigoration of the charitable side of NASFAT through the NRI. This is the first relief package to be delivered by the scheme. There is more to us than asalatu. It has always been part of our mission to give relief to those who are aggrieved,” Alhaji Azeez said. How Kwara govt plans to arrest decay  in public schools with… Day pensioners laud Oyo govt for stress-free verification Sinzu breaks silence, opens  up about life  on MTV Base… Nigerian film industry can be cash cow if regulated… The chairman of the Oyo branch of NASFAT, Alhaji Abdur-Rasak Adefabi, commended the national leadership of the organisation for the gesture. “What NASFAT has done for us at this branch is wonderful and we are really appreciative of it. It beats our imagination. It is only unfortunate that Oyo branch would be the first beneficiary of such an initiative under this circumstance. But notwithstanding, we are sincerely appreciative of the relief package that has been given to our members. We thank the NASFAT leadership at the headquarters for coming to the rescue of our members. “We will redouble our efforts for the support of NASFAT at the national level. This is what we have been doing. But with this encouragement, we want to assure them of our full support and cooperation from time to time,” Adefabi stated. The Oyo zonal missioner of the organisation, Alhaji Sa’adudeen Adekilekun, said NASFAT was established to showcase Islam and its ideals. “What we have done here today is to interpret one of the pillars of Islam, which is zakat and those that participated in actualising it, we pray Allah to reward them abundantly and we pray Allah to ward off further calamities for the beneficiaries and make them great in their businesses,” he said. The Women Affairs Secretary, NASFAT, Oyo Zone, Alhaja Aminat Ahmed, expressed delight with the donation, saying the gesture would encourage the beneficiaries to get back on their feet, forge ahead with their businesses and contribute their quotas to the development of NASFAT and the society at large. The event was also used to commemorate this year’s World Hijab Day through a presentation by female members of the organisation. Earlier, Azeez and Adekilekun inaugurated the NASFAT prayer group in Adeyidun village, along Ibadan-Oyo Road. Azeez said the inauguration was in furtherance of the organisation’s rural da’wah and urged officials of the group to embark on a massive membership drive. He expressed the conviction that the commencement of asalatu in the village would engender the spiritual uplift of the inhabitants. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. CLICK HERE NOW TO WORK FROM HOME ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN CONVINIENCE AND GET PAID WEEKLY, DIRECTLY INTO YOUR SPECIFIED BANK ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION IS ABSOLUTELY FREE. PREMATURE EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE FINALLY CURED NATURALLY IN 2 WEEKS FOR BIGGER, LONGER, HARDER SEXIER SEX WITH NEW MAN MACHINE