The Ekiti State organised labour has denied the allegation that it has compromised and sold out to Governor Kayode Fayemi on the resolution of payment of outstanding workers’ salaries, pensions and other benefits. The unions said issues surrounding the salary and promotion arrears, deductions, leave bonus and pension, conversion and gratuity arrears, were being zealously demanded, describing the allegation of compromise against them as spurious, unfounded and baseless. This was contained in a statement jointly signed by the Secretaries of Nigerian Labour Congress, Comrade Eunice Akinyemi, Trade Unions Congress, Comrade Lawrence Kuloogun and Joint Negotiating Council, Gbenga Olowoyo in Ado Ekiti, the state capital on Thursday. They were reacting to a statement credited to a group tagged: ‘Concerned Workers’, which alleged that the labour unions had been bought over by the government and their voices subjugated to be able to press for benefits due to workers. But reiterating that the ultimatum didn’t emanate from the joint labour unions, the labour said: “The Organised Labour found it expedient to keep the so-called concerned workers abreast of efforts of the leadership of the Organised Labour on issues affecting service matters and welfare of workers in the state. ALSO READ: How Are Betting Services in America Affected by COVID-19? “First and foremost, it is no more news that issues of outstanding implementation of promotion spanning 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 have been overwhelmingly discussed with the State Government and this was buttressed in the speech of Mr Governor during the May Day address that all the promotions arrears are being addressed. “In the same vein, we at different fora advised the State Government on the need to ensure continuous payment of gross salary in order not to starve Cooperative Societies, Banks Loan Repayment, Union Check off dues, which may cause debilitating economic depression to the Micro Economy of Ekiti State, which is primarily regarded as a civil service state.” On the issue of pension, the unions averred that “naturally, a worker today will definitely retire one day, hence, the Organised Labour is very much passionate about the welfare of Pensioners who are senior citizens. The Organised Labour takes their welfare with priority without doubt; the State Government has been engaged severally in this regards.” The organised labour clarified further that “the issue of conversion and advancement raised by the concerned workers are very important and the state government has been advised to act passionately about this in order to encourage career fulfilment of workers that had gone to acquire additional educational qualifications. “It is instructive to put on record that several letters have been written by the leadership of the Organised Labour in respect of the recurrent issues bothering on the workers’ welfare; as we have not at any time rested on our oars as being speculated in some quarters. “We have not at any time be at the defence of the State Government or compromise, more so that the labour leaders are equally affected in the circumstance we found ourselves.” The organised labour, however, encouraged the state government to take cognizance of the demands of workers and address the issues urgently. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.