FARMERS in the poultry and aquaculture value chain of the Nigerian agriculture sector are lamenting the continued closure of hospitality businesses across the country as a result of the COVID-Q9 pandemic. Recall that hotels the federal government had since March ordered that hotels must be under lock and key, while elaborate social gatherings were also put on hold. The farmers said that businesses of hoteliers, event centre owners, bar and clubbing joints operators and merry makers have been jeopardised, and suppliers of chickens, fish, vegetables, barbeques, eggs and other poultry products to these outlets have been battered as these social businesses remain closed. General Secretary, Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), Lagos state chapter, Stephen Olufemi, stated that the development has affected poultry farmers seriously, that most places where their produce are consumed are under lock and key as directed by the government in a bid to curtail the spread of the pandemic. “The continued lockdown of the hospitality sector is seriously affecting our businesses because most places where our chickens and other products are being consumed did not open for business; places like hotels, bars, restaurants among others. “So, it is very difficult to sell our products. where they normally consume almost 100 birds in a day, they do not even consume anything now, as a result of this our chicken and other processed meat are in the cold room, there is no way to dispose them. The cold rooms are filled up now and we cannot process the birds on the farm now. It is really affecting us seriously. “We are having egg glut now, we are begging people to buy eggs because eggs cannot stay for a very long time before it get rotten, a lot of farmers are burying their eggs now because people are not buying. Those buying in large quantities are currently not operating. National President, Catfish and Allied Fish Framers Association of Nigeria (CAFFAN), Rotimi Olibale, said that their products are mostly used for social events, thus the lockdown has very serious negative effects on their businesses. He said that it is essential for the government to work out a support for cat fish farmers in the country because most of them are out of jobs. “It is important for the government to work out a support for us because most of us are already out of jobs as our entire capital has been lost in the past three months as the few sales made were a total loss,” he said. In his own view, Chief Technology Officer, Thrive Agric, a crowd-funding platform for agro-allied investments, Ayo Arikawe, stated that chickens from their farms are mostly sold to processors, who, in turn, sell to restaurants and hotels, “And we know this affects their sales, making them keep more stocks in cold rooms unnecessarily, and there is an increased logistics cost for them. We essentially reduce the birds stocked this period to match off-takers’ demand,” he said. General Manager, Tuns Farms in Osogbo, Osun State, Taofeek Badmus, stated that apart from inability to sell products because most off-takers are off business, the cost of feeds for the poultry is too costly, making production and sustainability a difficulty. “The truth is that we are facing the brunt during this time. The cost of raw materials has seen a steady rise, while the cost of final product has been stagnant. “The closure of hotels, event centres and functions has also affected sales of farm products with many of us having large stocks of finished products. Our experience was particularly painful during the lockdown as we kept on feeding birds and there was no market to sell them. “The sale has reduced drastically. There is also a glut of products now and everybody is now forced to sell at lower prices,” he lamented. National Vice President Tilapia Aquaculture Developers Association of Nigeria (TADAN), Nurudeen Tiamiyu, said that the aquaculture industry is the most affected because the hospitality sector is their main customers that people buying to eat at home is low compare to the hospitality sector. “The aquaculture industry is the most affected from my own view because the hospitality sector is our main customers because people hardly eat these fishes at home. It is the joint, bar, restaurants and hotels that patronise us more than those who eat at home. It has been a major hit on our sector than any other sector,” he said. Tiamiyu also said that farmers are just feeding their fish on the farm for the fish to survive, adding that those who are producing fingerlings cannot produce because those doing growers are not getting market for their growers. “People just have fish on their farm they are just giving maintenance ration for the fish to just survive on their farms. The people producing fingerlings cannot produce because those doing growers are not getting market for their growers. They are just feeding them in their farms and those people that want to sell at loss are doing that,” he lamented. Managing Director, Agrecourse Limited, another crowd-funding platform for agriculture, Ayoola Oluga, said that agriculture had gained a lot of traction in the last one year, especially since the Federal Government closed the land borders that many smallholder farmers had reaped the benefits of increased production and increased income. “With the advent of the coronavirus, another set of problems have risen. Some farmers have continued to find it difficult to sell their products, especially fish farmers. This is mainly due to the shutdown of the hospitality sector, where you find the major off-takers. We are experiencing low patronage,” he said. Also, Chief Operating Officer, Agro Park, Ayodele Alabi, said as a result of the restrictions across the country, a good number of the off-take partners had either reduced or totally shut down operations. “We are diversifying into staple crops like maize, sweet corn, soya, rice, beans, and we have cultivated about 130 hectares of maize; 10 hectares of sweet corn; 40 hectares of rice; 85 hectares of land is ready for second ploughing for soya; 100 hectares of land is at 65 per cent completion for beans cultivation and for, livestock, we have signed contracts with off-taker partners with a strong ecommerce platform, which has taken about 20 per cent of our stock in four weeks. “The moves, were done because we understand that post- COVID-19, the demand for food will rise, and we are strategically positioning to take a huge market share.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday
Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus
I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi
As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity
A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19
As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund
RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria
ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success?
Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first airplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2)
Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth
Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business?
Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST! 
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER. 

SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK