Governors have kicked against the imposition of health workers hazard allowance on their states as being contemplated by the Federal Ministry of Health as part of the national response to COVID-19. Rising from a virtual meeting of the National Economic Council (NEC) presided over by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday at the presidential villa, Abuja, they recommended that the allowance should only be presented with general guidance to enable individual states to negotiate with its workers. This was contained in the briefing provided to NEC by Delta state Governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa, who heads the council’s interim committee set up to interface with the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 to ease the lockdown. According to a statement issued by Laolu Akande, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media & Publicity Office of the Vice President, after the meeting, Okowa noted that the major recommendation arising from the meeting was the proposed health workers allowance being planned by the Federal Ministry of Health. ALSO READ: Why Zamfara House of Assembly is sitting in primary school “The ‘Hazard’ allowance should not be imposed on states but presented with general guidance to enable each state to negotiate with its health workers based on its ability to pay,” the statement quoted Okowa as saying. According to the statement, Okowa said: “the committee recommended that the Honorable Minister of Health should ensure the continuous provision of all essential health services in order to ensure that people do not die from other diseases needlessly.” The statement said that according to the report presented by the governor to the council, “the Presidential Task Force (PTF) should provide the operating guidelines to the States to enable them to domesticate same given their peculiarities, norms and traditions, especially in the opening of markets, religious places and schools etc. He added that the Committee’s interim report presented to NEC today recommends “that there should be rapid testing, tracing, isolation and treatment, and the NCDC and PTF should provide each State with laboratory testing facilities and ensure effective sample collection.” The statement revealed that some state governors may soon join in the membership of the Economic Sustainability Committee as the implementation of the Sustainability Plan proceeds. It said the hint was dropped by Osinbajo while presiding over a virtual meeting of the NEC. ALSO READ: Our SS3 students still in school preparing for WAEC ― Oyo govt The statement disclosed that the governors had made a presentation at the NEC on how the states can collaborate effectively with the Federal Government on the implementation of the recently approved N2.3 trillion stimulus programme. The statement added: “The Governors welcomed the plan and committed to working with the Federal Government. According to the Vice President, possibly two State Governors could join the Committee for the implementation phase of the plan. He said such would be helpful and bring synergy. “Besides, state governments will also be actively involved in the process of executing projects in the plan, especially such projects based in the domains of respective States, in collaboration with other stakeholders and partners.” It recalled that while receiving the report of the Economic Sustainability Committee, President Muhammadu Buhari had described it as a National Plan which has gone through wide consultations. “The endorsement of the Governors at today’s NEC follows the President’s description of the Sustainability Plan,” the statement noted. Briefing journalists at the end of the meeting, Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai, who is also the Chairman of the NGF ad-hoc committee on the collaborative implementation of the NESP, commended the Osinbajo-led ESC for a job well-done and noted that State governors were committed to the successful implementation of the plan. Specifically, el-Rufai said: “In agriculture, each state is to make available 20 hectares of land for cultivation and with the contribution of lands from States, he added that governors will appreciate land clearance as an incentive. “In Mass housing, NEC welcomes the plan to build 300,000 housing units across the country with an average of ten thousand homes per State,” el-Rufai noted while also calling for a nationwide mortgage system to support the plan.” Other highlights of the meeting include the presentation of the 2021 to 2023 Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) by the Federal Ministry of Finance, State Budget and National Planning. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed also reported to council that the balance of Excess Crude Account (ECA) Balance as at 7th July 2020 to be $72,406,952.48; Stabilization Account Balance as at 7th July 2020, N40, 310,991,995.15 and Natural Resources Development Fund Account Balance as at 7th July 2020, N131, 598,414,041.89. The statement informed that there were other presentations at the NEC meeting including on Polio and the COVID-19 pandemic. The meeting was attended by several governors, ministers and heads of MDAs including the CBN Governor and the Group Managing Director of the NNPC.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Umar assumes duty as EFCC acting boss
THERE was confusion on Wednesday over who steps in as acting chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), as the Director of Operations in the commission, Mohammed Umar… Read Full Story VP Osinbajo Denies Receiving N4billion From Magu
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has described online reports claiming that embattled acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu, gave him N4billion as false and baseless fabrications… Read Full Story Hard Currencies Found In My House Are Gifts, Ex-NNPC GMD, Yakubu, Tells Court
The Former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Andrew Yakubu, on Wednesday, told the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja that the $9.7 million and £74, 000.00 the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) found in his Kaduna residence in 2017, were part of… Read Full Story Ondo 2020: APC Caretaker Committee Sticks To Indirect Primary
The All Progressives Congress (APC) caretaker committee led by Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni, has upheld the decision of the dissolved National Working Committee of the party which adopted indirect option as the mode of primary to produce its standard-bearer in Ondo State, ahead of October governorship… Read Full Story What Nigerians Must Know About Bubonic Plague —Experts
Bubonic plague, caused by bacteria and transmitted through flea bites and infected animals, is one of the deadliest bacterial infections in human history. In this report by SADE OGUNTOLA, experts review possibilities of bubonic plaque re-curring in Nigeria and how best an individual can get protected from it… Read Full Story Number Of Candidates Jostling With Okonjo-Iweala For WTO Top Job Increases To 7
Eight candidates are now jostling for the top job at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), seeking to convince its 164 members they can steer the body through intensifying global trade tensions and rising protectionism, Reuters reported on Wednesday evening… Read Full Story Fraud: Magu Must Face Prosecution, Says PDP
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) after reviewing the reported circumstances surrounding the investigation of the indicted acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, has demanded his prosecution… Read Full Story Police arrest herbalist, others linked to Ibadan killings
THE Special Adviser to the Oyo State governor on Security, CP Fatai Owoseni (retd), on Wednesday, declared that peace would now reign in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state as those responsible for the rape and killings in communities across the local government had all been arrested… Read Full Story Ivory Coast PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, Dies After Cabinet Meeting
Ivory Coast’s PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, has died after falling ill at a ministerial meeting, BBC reports. The 61-year-old had been chosen as the ruling party’s candidate for October’s presidential election after Alassane Ouattara said he would not seek a third term in office… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Must These Floods Continue To Wreak Havoc?
OVER the past couple of months, as the rainy season has set in, floods have caused deaths and extensive damage to property in different parts of the country. In Kwara State, at least three people were reported dead and others missing when a bridge embankment collapsed in Oko-Erin, Ilorin, the state capital… Read Full Story Club For Restructured Nigeria Welcomes Obasanjo: SNC Before 2023 Elections
THE call for restructuring Nigeria has been the subject of discourse by many stakeholders who, over the years, have lent their voices – heard and unheard – towards revisiting the institutional, socio-economic and political structure of Nigeria. Without a doubt, diverse reasons exist for the call for restructuring Nigeria… Read Full Story Child Sexual Abuse And Psychosocial Wellbeing In Adulthood
Child sexual abuse is a widespread problem that is, unfortunately, associated with stigma, shame and a tendency to secretly push under the carpet. Thus, in most instances, it often goes unreported. The family of the victim may also wish to avoid the societal stigma and public humiliation if it were to become common knowledge… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST! 
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER. 

SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK