Gombe State governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has sought for a stronger synergy and collaboration with the Universal Basic Education Commission, (UBEC) in improving access to safe quality education for all almajirai and children in the state. According to a statement by Ismaila Uba Misilli, the governor’s Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity, Inuwa Yahaya met with the Executive Secretary, Dr Hamid Bobboyi in continuation of his engagements in Abuja, where he was assured of the Commission’s readiness to continue to support the state’s policies and programmes aimed at improving basic education. The governor had told his host that his administration is introducing more effective and sustainable strategies to address the challenges of Almajirai and the out-of-school children in general through its flagship programme, Better Education Service Delivery for All, BESDA. He also said that Gombe has a homegrown policy initiative for the Almajiri which has proven successful, adding that the new concept it intends to implement will further improve the Tsangaya system and create a better atmosphere for the almajirai and their teachers. He explained that this will be achieved through the establishment of fully equipped learning centres, skills acquisition facilities and other infrastructure to give them the opportunity to be productive children with a promising future. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.