The Lagos State Agro-Processing, Productivity Enhancement and Livelihood Support (APPEALS) has trained about 790 women and youths in the state on modern poultry farming. This is just as the Kaduna State APPEALS said it has trained 300 persons on ginger production, while a value chain investment plan has been developed for 1000 ginger farmers in the state. APPEALS Project is an initiative of the Nigerian Government with support from the World Bank. The Lagos State Coordinator of APPEALS project, Oluranti Oviebo, said the farmers were also being exposed to modern poultry technologies to enhance production. “In poultry right now, we have trained 790 women and youths across the poultry value chains but we have more in the poultry value chains.” On the technologies being deployed, she said “poultry is doing great things in Lagos. Presently, the project is supporting quite a number of farmers in new technologies. We have nipple fitted drinkers and palletized feeds for poultry farmers for those raising broilers. “You are all aware that the federal government has banned importation of poultry into the country and so the government is also looking into how to empower farmers to ensure that they can maximize their production. “In time past, most farmers were achieving 1.9kg in eight weeks with their matched feed but with the technology that the project has brought to the fore which is nipple fitted drinkers and the palletized feed, today, our farmers are achieving 2.2kg in six weeks, and the project is not just educating farmers, it is also supporting them with inputs and this improved technology. In Kaduna, the State Coordinator, Dr Yahaya Aminu, said the project was empowering ginger farmers in order to maximise production. He said despite training 300 ginger farmers, the project was also targeting another 1000 ginger processors in terms of interventions. “So far we have trained 300 ginger farmers, in terms of post-harvest handling, we have developed a value chain investment plan for about 1000 ginger farmers that are getting interventions. At the moment, we are targeting another 1000 processors who are likely going to get their interventions before the end of the year, before the current ginger harvest period. “When you look at the background of the ginger situation in the country and in the world today, ginger is the fastest moving beverage in the world today. The international market for ginger is valued at about $5 billion and it is expected to reach $6 billion in the six-seven years but the market share of Nigeria ginger is very low in terms of value but in terms of the quantity is very significant.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE