IN support of women and children health, the United Nations Fund for Population Activities (UNFPA) with the support of Global Affairs Canada has donated pedal-operated hand wash and sanitising systems to primary health care centres in five local governments in Oyo State. Director, Centre for Population and Reproductive Health, University of Ibadan, Professor Dosu Ojengbede, while making the donation on behalf of UNFPA at the Oyo State Primary Health Care Board, said the advent of COVID-19 had necessitated the donation to ensure that treatment of women, including complications from female genital mutilation (FGM), is not hindered. Professor Ojengbede stated that the donation of pedal-operated hand wash and the sanitising system was to give confidence to the healthcare workers and women that access treatment at these centres of their safety and to protect them from contracting the virus. He declared that women’s health is affected by FGM, leaving physical, social and health consequences and as such ensuring COVID-19 does not deprive them appropriate treatment is important even as UNFPA continues on its goal of eliminating FGM. “Oyo State is one of the top five states with the highest number of FGM in Nigeria, and because they come to these facilities, they have to be attended to. “If you really want to encourage healthcare providers to provide the service that is required, we need to have facilities that are COVID-19 prevention- compliant. That is what led us into making available continual hand-washing mechanisms at these facilities in the LGAs where we are working in Oyo State,” he said. Executive Secretary, Oyo State Primary Healthcare Board, Dr Muideen Olatunji, said the donation would improve on hand-washing hygiene practice, which is very helpful and crucial to service delivery. “This pedal-operated hand-washing set is very handy and a local technology which is helpful because it prevents you from touching either the water or the soap. So many people can use it without contaminating it. It will go a long way in preventing infection, not only COVID-19 but other hospital-acquired infections that spread due to poor hygiene,” he added. Dr  Monday Famakin, medical officer of health, Ibadan North Local Government Area who spoke on behalf of the other benefiting LGAs said the donation would offer them the opportunity of hand hygiene both by healthcare workers, patients and their relatives on a visit to the hospital. According to him, the five LGAs to benefit from the donation are Ibadan North, Ibarapa North, Oyo West, Ogbomoso-South and Kajola, being local government areas where female genital mutilation  is very common. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.