The Joint Technical Task Team on Emergency Response on COVID-19 on Challenges of Movement of Food and Agricultural Inputs in Kaduna State has called for more sensitisation on Covid-19 as drivers and the public are not observing the protocol. This was even as they said COVID-19 is real and they should adopt the necessary steps to curb further spread of the disease. The State Chairman of the team and Commissioner of Police Kaduna State, Umar Musa Muri stated this when he led members of the team to the state border in Tafa, Abuja/Kaduna expressway to monitor the movement of farm inputs, foodstuffs, livestock and agric produce into, within and out of the state. Muri expressed satisfaction on the movement of goods, explaining that there were no infractions during the team’s monitoring. “We are here at Tafa to monitor the directives of the Federal Government through the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on the easy passage of foodstuffs, livestock and agric produce.” However, observed that ‘We need to sensitize the drivers to adhere strictly with the NCDC protocols. ‘The public too should ensure that the right thing is done at all times because Covid-19 is real, they should adhere to the protocol. The team’s job is to ensure adherence to the Federal Government directives.” “From what we observed so far, we are on the right track as police officers and other security agencies are complying with the directive. ‘The vehicles too are complying by not carrying humans among livestock and goods. We should ensure that that the Covid-19 directive is adhered to in line with the NCDC protocol,” CP Umar said. Also speaking, Secretary of the team and Kaduna state Coordinator, Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr Timkat Vontau said the main challenge is non-implementation of the directive, that is why we are here advocating with the media to inform and educate the public that Covid-19 was real.” Speaking in the same vein, the Chairman All Farmers Association, Alhaji Muhammed Kabir Salihu, remarked that the farmers are complying with the protocol. “Since the establishment of the task team, things are going very well. We don’t have many challenges, fertiliser and inputs are reaching our farmers easily.” The Joint Technical Task Team on Emergency Response on Covid-19 in Kaduna state is chaired by the Kaduna state Commissioner of Police, with members drawn from Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, farmers, Nigeria Union of Journalists, National Union of Road Transport Workers, National Union of Road Transport Owners and the agric ministry.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints Pam As Christian Pilgrims Commission Executive Secretary President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC)… Read Full Story Appeal Court Upholds Yahaya Bello’s Election As Kogi Governor The Court of Appeal, Abuja Division on Saturday affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the duly elected governor of Kogi State… Read Full Story MFM To Begin Another 30 Days Prayer Retreat The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has directed that members to extend the ongoing 30 Days Prayer Retreat which marks third session… Read Full Story 109,823 N-Power Beneficiaries Now Business Owners ― Minister The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, says no fewer than 109,823 beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme are now business owners… Read Full Story Who Flies APC Flag In Ondo? EXCEPT the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) handles the primary election or selection of its candidate for the Ondo State governorship election carefully, the party in the state may be heading towards another round of crisis similar to the one that engulfed it in Edo State recently which may cause it to… Read Full Story No Difference Between PDP, APC —Olateru-Olagbegi Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party… Read Full Story VOICE OF COURAGE:  E No Finish? The controlling leadership of ACN got a casual job in 2015 and took it like a mega contract. They did more than a month’s job for a day’s pay. They pawned everything in exchange for nothing. All core values were thrown away. The ancient landmarks of the fathers were set aside. Many of the icons in the land were… Read Full Story GIBBERS: Buhari Isn’t Judiciary’s Messiah (1) In the last 12 years, salaries of Nigerian judges have not been reviewed. In a review of the development of inflation rates in Nigeria between 1979 and 2019, by Worlddata,the average inflation rate was calculated at 19.2 per cent. Now, hold your breath. The report added “overall, the price increase was 80,304.39 per cent… Read Full Story Threatened Cooperation! Cooperative Societies In The Cloud Of COVID-19 ALL over the world, especially in Third World economies, one of the platforms through which peoples’ common business dreams and financial needs are crytalised is the cooperative society. A cooperative society is simply a voluntary association of individuals who have come together to pursue their economic goals… Read Full Story COVID-19: The Church And The New Order The Church is just one of the institutions that have been caught in the heat of the coronavirus pandemic following the ban on public gatherings for about three months as a way of controlling the spread of the virus by the federal and state governments… Read Full Story 40 Years After, Ayinla Omowura Remembered With Album As part of the activities to mark the 40th year anniversary of the exit of Apala icon, Waheed Ayinla popular as Ayinla Omowura, an album entitled ‘Anigilaje has been released in his honour… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.