As the flooding period across Bayelsa State draws closer, women drawn from crude oil spill-impacted communities have undergone a two-day training aimed at building a network of informed women that can enforce environmental changes. The training held in Yenagoa was organised by the Center for Environment, Human Right and Development (CEHRD) in partnership with Netherland Embassy in Nigeria. According to the organisers, the training is aimed at ensuring that women are involved in the decision making process when it comes to advocacy for environmental justice by communities. Speaking shortly after the training, the Head of Environment and Conservation Unit of CEHRD, Dr Sam Kabari, said the training was pertinent because as the flooding season approaches, a time women who own most of the farmlands that would be flooded would need to start to play role in terms of cleaning their environment. He said: “We intend to organise them into a network called Women for Environmental Justice Network (WEJN). The first training was done in 2014 and this is the second one. So what we will do after now is to hand them over to NOSDRA, so that they can help blow the whistle when there is a spill in hard-to-reach communities for speedy response and remediation.” Taking the women through a lecture titled “understanding environmental discrimination,” Dr Kabari explained that disproportionate sharing of wealth and challenges that comes from crude exploration is the major reason why there is a prolonged crisis in the Niger Delta region. He charged the women to engage their community folks, especially those engaged in artisanal refining, just as they engage multinationals about the dangers of unhealthy crude oil extraction and refining practices, adding that women and children are usually the most affected when there is any form of environmental pollution. “The major problem is that crude oil is drilled in the Niger Delta region and the money that comes out of it is shared across all the states in the country but we don’t share the soot that comes from it with others, we don’t share the acid rain that comes with crude oil exploration and we don’t share the pollution of our environment with others that share our money with us. So that is what we call environmental discrimination which is the major problem of Niger Delta,” Dr Kabari said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE