South African President Cyril Ramaphosa has announced a new round of COVID-19 restrictions on Sunday in response to the country’s rising rate of infections. “From Monday onwards, a night-time curfew will be enforced between 9 pm and 4 am, while face masks will be compulsory in public places and a ban on the sale of alcohol will be reintroduced. “The national “state of disaster” is also to be extended until Aug. 12. “We are now recording well over 12,000 cases every day,” Ramaphosa said in a televised Sunday evening address to the nation. ALSO READ: Army rescues kidnapped victims, recovers weapons in 3 states He noted that too many South Africans were now relaxing their behaviour after restrictions were eased. South Africa has confirmed 276,242 COVID-19 cases to date, the president said. The government imposed a nationwide lockdown at the end of March to stem the spread of the virus and give the country time to build up its health infrastructure. However, the measures were then gradually eased again in May and June, although the sale of tobacco products has remained banned ever since. The restrictions have had a devastating effect on the country’s economy, with millions struggling to survive, and levels of poverty and food insecurity dramatically worsening in just a few weeks. Even before the pandemic, Africa’s second-largest economy was already in a difficult situation. With high unemployment rates and brutal social inequality, the country has been struggling for years with structural economic problems and unreliable electricity supply. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE How ‘One Milion Boys’ gang leader, Ebila was killed Details have emerged of how the leader of Ibadan notorious gang, One Million Boys, Abiola Ebila, was killed on Sunday afternoon.  Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source who craved anonymity, that Ebila and his team kidnapped a middle-aged man whose name as of the time of this report could not be ascertained… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.