A 38-year-old man, Wale Ademiluyi, on Tuesday appeared before an Ile-Ife Magistrates’ Court in Osun for allegedly obtaining N1.55 million under false pretence. Ademiluyi of no fixed address is facing a two-count charge of stealing and fraud. The Prosecutor, Insp Abdullahi Emmanuel, told the court that the defendant committed the offences on Feb. 15, 2019, about 2:00 pm at Ita-Osa, Ondo Road, Ile-Ife. Emmanuel said that the defendant collected the sum of N1,550,000 from the complainant, Fatai Ayobami, under the pretence of selling an uncompleted bungalow building to him. The prosecutor said that the defendant did not sell the building to the complainant, but converted the money to his personal use. ALSO READ: Minister hints on crashing prices of data, telecoms services He said the offences contravened Sections 383, 390(9) and 419 of the Criminal Code, Laws of Osun, 2002. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The defence counsel, Mr Sunday Olagbaju, applied for the bail of the defendant in most liberal terms. He pledged that the defendant would not jump bail, but would provide reliable sureties. Magistrate A.A. Ayeni granted the defendant bail in the sum of N500,000 with two sureties in like sum. Ayeni added that the sureties must swear to an affidavit of means, resides within the court jurisdiction and the address must be verified by the prosecutor. He stated that the sureties must present two years tax clearance certificate and three recent passport photographs each. The case was adjourned until Aug. 18, for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE All Nigerians Should Get Tested For COVID-19  – PTF The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has recommended testing of all Nigerians as a way to track the prevalence of coronavirus infection and understand how to tackle it… Read Full Story Staff Retrenchment: NDDC IMC Snubs Senate Panel The cold war between the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and the Senate Committee on Niger Delta Affairs took a new twist on Monday as the management of the Federal government intervention agency declined appearance before the latter… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.