Last time we began looking at the need to use the opportunity of the slow pace of things during the COVID-19 pandemic to acquire knowledge. Post COVID-19 life will be completely different from what we have been used to and wisdom demands that we seize the opportunity of the forced slow pace of things to re-strategize and  prepare for post COVID-19 life. COVID-19 has caused much disruption and many things have had to slow down.  Many people seem to have more time in their hands than they used to and care must be taken to avoid squandering time away in meaningless pursuits. The acquisition of knowledge is a great way to spend the free time seemingly available at this time. Knowledge can be acquired in different ways. Knowledge, which is the accumulation of information,ideas, facts etc can be acquired by education. Due to the pandemic there are so many free online courses offering knowledge in many areas of life. All we need do is to check which courses are relevant to us, apply and get trained. Many of the courses that are not free are offering handsome discounts. We must take advantage of these opportunities as they might not be available for too long. We can acquire knowledge by reading. This is a great time to read as much as we can. Life has been made easy now for those who really want to acquire knowledge by reading. There are a lot of articles and free books you can access on the internet on virtually any subject. Just goggle the topic and voila you are given many options to work on. We must invest in reading if our lives will count post COVID-19. “Buy truth – don›t sell it for love or money; buy wisdom, buy education, buy insight.” Proverbs 23.23 Knowledge can also be acquired by networking and this is also where the internet and responsible use of the social media is apt. The internet puts the world at our finger tips and this is a great advantage we must seize at this time. “Become a network. Share your thinking, content, and research. You’ll supersize your mind. By getting feedback from every corner of the globe, you’ll accelerate your progress.” David Perell We cannot overemphasize the importance of knowledge. “If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.” Sydney Madwed “Through skillful and godly Wisdom is a house (a life, a home, a family) built, and by understanding it is established [on a sound and good foundation],And by knowledge shall its chambers [of every area] be filled with all precious and pleasant riches. A wise man is strong and is better than a strong man, and a man of knowledge increases and strengthens his power; “ Proverbs 24.3-5 CONCLUDED  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE