Delta Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Monday directed transporters operating in the state to sanitise their vehicles and loading terminals to reduce the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. Mr Alphonsus Godwin, Delta Sector Commander, gave the directive at a stakeholders’ meeting with the major transport companies operating in the state in Asaba. Godwin said the directive was part of the resolutions reached at a meeting between the FRSC Corps Marshal, Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, and stakeholders in the nation’s transportation industry. “Following the government’s phased easing of the lockdown, it became imperative for FRSC to convoke a stakeholders’ meeting. “The meeting became necessary to educate transporters on the modalities for operation, based on the guidelines of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. ALSO READ: FG to initiate service delivery scheme in seven states “At the end of the meeting, which was held in Abuja, the following resolutions were reached to help in checking the spread of the COVID-19 in the transport sector. “They resolved that all public transport operators should sanitise their vehicles and loading parks/terminals before and after each trip. “Also, you are required to reduce the loading capacity of your vehicles; 13-seater buses should not exceed nine persons on a trip. “In the case of the seven-seater vehicles, transporters should not carry more than five persons on a trip,” Godwin said. The sector commander said that the resolutions requested transporters to adhere strictly to all the laid down COVID-19 protocols. According to him, transporters are to ensure that all their passengers wear face masks and observe the social distancing order, in their sitting arrangement. Godwin said that the transport operators should place conspicuous notices at their loading parks, to guide the passengers on the safety protocols. “The FRSC is committed to helping the government to curtail the spread of the disease because the virus is real. “So, here in Delta, we have been mandated to ensure that all transporters comply with the resolutions at the Abuja meeting. “We appeal to passengers and the media to help monitor transport operators and report motorists that failed to abide by the protocols. “We will also continue to monitor the parks and loading terminals to enforce compliance. “Any transporter that fails to comply with the directives will be sanctioned and vehicle impounded,” Godwin said. Responding on behalf of the transporters, Mr Ebenezer Makinde, a Manager with the Peace Motors Ltd., lauded the efforts of FRSC in the fight to check the spread of the virus in Delta. “On behalf of transporters here today, I want to appreciate the efforts of the FRSC in this fight to curtail the spread of COVID-19. “This task you are carrying out is for the good of everyone, and we, as transporters, will do our best to complement the efforts of the government. “I want to assure you that we will abide by the directives contained in the resolutions so that we can all be safe from this pandemic,” Makinde said. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.