The proposed Nigeria Eastern Europe Business Summit Expo 2020 (NEEBSE) will strengthen trade and investment ties between Nigeria and the Balkan countries, the Nigeria Representative at the 3rd General Assembly of the African Union, Economic, Social and Cultural Council (AU ECOSOCC), Mr Oba Olasunkanmi, said on Monday. This was even as he called on the governments at all levels and private sectors to key into the initiative. Olasunkanmi in a statement personally signed by him, in Abuja, said there was a need for Nigeria to see the expo as an opportunity to develop the agricultural sector by looking into exporting its products to countries involved. The AU representative who commended the move by Ooni of Ife, Adeyeye Ogunwusi said the business summit will open up trade and investment opportunities for Nigerian businessmen and their counterparts from the Balkan countries. “It is heartwarming that his Imperial Majesty has shown such passion not only reviving our culture but passionate about the country’s economy as well. “With the impact of COVID-19 on the economy, all hands must be on deck to ensure that Nigeria’s economy is sustained. The efforts of Ooni must not only be emulated by all leaders but he must be encouraged by all means possible. “With the effects of COVID-19 on World Economy, trades among countries will be one of the major ways of resuscitating the economy and Africa is a major focus, hence Nigeria must take advantage of this as investors from these countries will be looking at the opportunities presented by the Nigerian population and are looking forward to closing deals with Nigerian businessmen in the areas of productive partnerships; strategic business collaborations; and endorsement deals.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE How ‘One Milion Boys’ gang leader, Ebila was killed Details have emerged of how the leader of Ibadan notorious gang, One Million Boys, Abiola Ebila, was killed on Sunday afternoon.  Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source who craved anonymity, that Ebila and his team kidnapped a middle-aged man whose name as of the time of this report could not be ascertained… Read Full Story 1,773 NDDC contractors allegedly abscond with mobilisation fees A total of 1,773 contractors were allegedly paid N70.495 billion by the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC)  as mobilisation fees without resorting to the site between 2008 and 2012. This was revealed as the House of Representatives at the weekend kicked-off its investigation into the N70.495 billion allegedly… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: The Magu/Malami Marabout War There was an executioner in Old Oyo who specialised in cutting off his victims’ heads. He later sinned and was sentenced to death. At the point of execution, he demanded to know which part of his body would be cut: “the head or the feet?” The town yelled: How did you kill your victims? Ex-EFCC boss, Ibrahim Magu… Read Full Story Vessels auction: My approval legal — Malami THE Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, on Sunday, clarified that due process of law was followed in the approval granted to a firm, Omoh Jay Nig Ltd, to dispose of vessels. He said the approval followed the final forfeiture order obtained by his office and the presidential… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.