Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned the attack on Federal Medical Centre, Lokoja Kogi state and called on the security agencies to investigate and ensure that the sponsors of that violent attack are brought to justice. PDP said the gunmen, who invaded the facility, destroyed and carted away documents and equipment used for data collection and management of COVID-19 in the state stressing that the action was unjustifiable. The Peoples Democratic Party said it was shocked over the violent attack, especially allegations in the public space that the gunmen were sponsored by the Kogi State government which was earlier alleged to have ordered Kogi people not to visit the medical centre for their medications, following its reported disagreement with the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) on the state’s COVID-19 status. The PDP in a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, insisted that such an attack on a medical facility cannot be justified under any guise, whatsoever. ALSO READ: COVID-19: PDP commends health workers The statement reads: “It is, however, revealing that the gunmen shot their way into the Medical Centre at the time the staffers were getting ready for a press conference on issues related to the state’s COVID -19 status; invaded the record and admin department where they destroyed sensitive documents and carted away computers, in addition to ransacking the office of the Chief Medical Director. “It is instructive to state that the target and mode of the attack strongly expose a desperate mission to destroy gathered information, suppress statistics and completely disrupt COVID-19 management effort in state. “Nigerians are invited to note that the attack came just a day after Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, declared COVID-19 an artificial creation, orchestrated to shorten the lifespan of the people. “The PDP recalled that it had on Monday raised alarm over the hostile attitude of the Kogi state government towards the COVID-19 intervention in the state, which is resulting in fear of unreported cases and alleged “silent deaths” in the state. “The party lamented the situation in Kogi state and urged President Muhammadu Buhari to call Governor Yahaya Bello to order, particularly over his needless confrontation with the managers of COVID-19 issues in the state.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.