A trader, Oriyomi Aluko on Wednesday told a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan to dissolve her 20-year-old marriage to Idowu, on grounds that he steals her money. Testifying before the court, the mother of three, said: “I have completely lost hope that my husband will turn a new leaf. ”I want to call it quits with him. In the past 20 years, I have devoted my entire life to Idowu. I have uplifted his livelihood. “My lord, aside from the fact that Idowu constantly subjects me to beatings, he also doesn’t care about how I manage to raise money for his business. “On two separate occasions, I bought cars for him to enable him to continue as a professional driver. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bayelsa sends average of 50 samples daily for testing ― Health Director “However, there is nothing to show for it because he keeps coming home empty-handed and I became indebted at my co-operative society where I borrowed the money. “Worst still, Idowu steals from me,” she said. Idowu however, rejected the divorce suit but did not deny any of the allegations levelled against him. He prayed the court to dismiss his wife’s suit because it might be difficult for both of them to start searching for new partners now. “It is true that I took her money from the safe. I only used it to balance my debt. Chief Ademola Odunade, the President of the court, after careful observation of the whole matter, dissolved the union in the interest of peace. He granted custody of the three children to Oriyomi and ordered the respondent to pay N15,000 as the children’s monthly upkeep in addition to being responsible for their education and other welfare. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Reps to investigate mass resignation of 365 soldiers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.