One of the leading environmental cum rights activists in the country, Comrade Sunny Ofehe, in this interview by OSARETIN OSADEBAMWEN, says members of the National Assembly should see the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) as a national project as against the view that it is a regional one.  THE Petroleum Industry bills (PIB) has undergone various stages of a bill repeatedly since the fourth National Assembly, with the current Assembly promising to break the jinx. Do you foresee it scaling through this time? What is happening around the PIB in Nigeria is not totally different from what is obtainable within European Parliaments. When you are seeking the passage of a piece of legislation, there are always contending interests; each would be engaged in lobbying the legislators for or against that contentious bill as the PIB so that their interests will be preserved. At the European parliament, you have offices within the complex for lobbyist, I do not think we have that here at the National Assembly. You have a group of lobbyists dedicated to various interests of industries, products and ideas. The lobby groups are funded heavily by the respective companies that they represent to defend and push their policies on the floor during plenary.I am aware that that the multinational companies are lobbying to see that this piece of legislation does not successfully get passed by the National Assembly. I was once called to canvass for 20 per cent for the host community, when Allison Madueke was the Minister of Petroleum and David Mark then President of the Senate. It was a joint committee of the PIB, then chaired by Senator, Emmanuel Paulker. I came in from the Netherlands and made my contributions alongside other civil society. We were divided into three groups to make representation for the government, multinational organisations fighting the bill and the civil society groups which was standing for the host communities in the PIB, I paired with them. It was also instructive for me to see that ambassadors of the countries of these multinational companies were present at the public hearing. It goes beyond just the companies in a country, they are backed by the government from where they come. Now, when you have this kind of situation where the executive arm is determined to pass such a bill and they are facing resistance from the oil companies and pressure now falls on the legislative arm not to pass it because some people have been lobbied to defend the interest of the multi-nationals, then you need the civil society to carry out massive grassroots campaign and express their willingness that the bill be passed. This can be done with presentation of the facts and the figures needed to enlighten the people so that they can put pressure on their representatives.  Traditional rulers are heads of their respective domains, where some of the oil wells are explored. Can they really be part of the campaign without being misunderstood? In any society the traditional rulers play very significant role whether it is with the PIB or any other issue. Because they represent the interest of their people However, we have seen the activities of the multinational companies, where they deliberately create a divide and rule tactics over the people. I know some oil rich communities where the words of the traditional ruler are not taken to heart by the people. This is because the multinational companies working in these part of  the country have decided to work side by side with ordinary persons, where they observe that the individual has political clout to influence a large number of youths who can foment trouble against their activities. The traditional rulers have been rendered voiceless. Even when they call for meetings, their voices are not harkened to. It will amaze you to know that some of these traditional rulers are having very tough times. Let alone reach out to others.For anyone to lobby other traditional rulers you have to have money to prosecute this. If you have to lobby someone from the North you have to travel there, you have to pay for your accommodation befitting your status, how do you do that without money?  Is this bill for the Niger-Delta alone or a Nigerian bill? Shouldn’t it be the responsibility of lawmakers to ensure it is passed in the overall interest of the country? It is not a Nigerian Delta bill. It is a Nigerian Bill because the revenue to be generated from the oil and gas sector accrues to the national coffers from much portions are shared to the states and regional intervention funds. At least 90 percent of our revenue and the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) as well are sourced from oil revenue. It is a Nigerian Bill and not a regional bill, when you study all the details of the bill, I mean that is the way forward for Nigeria, which is the way Nigeria should go. That is the way forward for the economy and it is the way forward for the host community and the oil companies operating in that area. It is also the way forward for the environmental challenges in that area; that are associated with oil and gas operations in the area. The bill tends to cover everywhere, even now that they have split the bill into various component doesn’t still solve the problem we would still come down to the level where we would all work collectively for the whole bill as put together. I am happy that the executive arm is pushing that the hill is passed. The public hearing that I also attended, the federal government delegation was led by the minister herself who led a delegation we shouldn’t see it as a regional bill for the Niger Delta people and would only benefit the Niger Delta people. No! Infact, it will even benefit the country much more than it will benefit the region because in order for the host community to benefit from the hill is why you have the host community derivation of about 20 percent going to the host community. Of course, when you have about 20 percent going to your host community, the host community will become your security because they know that 20 per cent of the proceeds from oil production will come to them, therefore, they will secure the assets; they would secure the operations and the manpower. Everybody would be happy at the end of the day do not also forget that it will also generate revenue for local and state government because all of those revenue taxes will be paid on them; royalty would be paid to them, I do not see the reason people would work against this bill. It is a national project.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Journalists Barred As Panel Grills Magu In Aso Rock
The acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, is currently being grilled by a panel set up to investigate alleged infractions against him… Read Full Story Hushpuppi Hires Michael Jackson’s Former Lawyer To Represent Him In Court
Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, a suspected internet fraudster and Instagram celebrity, who was arrested recently has reportedly hired a former lawyer to Michael Jackson, Mark Geragos, to represent him in court… Read Full Story COVID-19: Trump Govt Threatens Foreign Students With Expulsion
International students who are pursuing degrees in the United States will have to leave the country or risk deportation if their universities switch to online-only courses, Immigration and Customs Enforcement… Read Full Story PHOTOS: After Four Months, Oyo Schools Reopen Monday
After about four months, students in primary six, JSS3 and SSS3 in Oyo State resume at their various schools on Monday. As a way to curtail the spread of COVID-19 Governor Seyi Makinde had on March 21, ordered the closure of all schools in the state… Read Full Story Military Air Strikes Destroy Dwelling Place Of Boko Haram Leaders In Borno ― DHQ
The Defence Headquarters (DHQ), on Monday, said that in renewed efforts to end insurgents activities in the country, the Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole has destroyed the dwellings of Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) leaders and neutralised some of their fighters in separate airstrikes conducted at Parisu and Bula Bello in… Read Full Story Regional Banks To Operate From Additional Geo-Political Zone
THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has announced that Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) with regional authorization shall henceforth be required to operate from one additional geo-political zone in the… Read Full Story CBN’s Adjustment Of Naira Rate’ll Cause Inflation — NECA
THE Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has said the Central Bank of Nigeria’s adjustment of naira exchange rate from N360/dollar to N380/dollar at the Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS) will result in inflation… Read Full Story FG To Close Third Mainland Bridge On July 24
The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Monday said consultations were on for another phase of repairs to begin on the Third Mainland Bridge… Read Full Story Youths Need Digital Skills For 21st Century Economy —Minister
The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, has said that African youths need digital skills development for the 21st-century economy… Read Full Story Wadume: Produce Indicted Soldiers For Trial, Falana Tells AGF
MILITARY’S special court, court-martial, is not constitutionally-empowered to try offences of terrorism with which indicted soldiers in the trial of kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu (alias Wadume) were charged, leading lawyer, Femi Falana, said on Sunday… Read Full Story Reps Committee Approves N6.06trn Revenue Target For FIRS In 2020
The House of Representatives’ Committee on Finance on Monday approved the 2020 budget proposal for Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) with the projected revenue accruing to the Federation… Read Full Story ‘Industrialisation Of Lekki Free Trade Zone Costing Us Our Livelihoods’
When Mrs Helen Folarin was posted to Itamarun (a fishing community in Lagos) to head the only public health centre there as a consultant, little did anyone envisage that the journey to getting the plight of residents of this beachside community known, had begun… Read Full Story In Defence Of Senior Advocates
On July 4, 2019, the Legal Practitioners Privileges Committee, LPPC, rolled out the names of thirty-eight legal practitioners deserving to be conferred with the prestigious Rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN. How some despise the Rank! Some don’t want it ever mentioned near them at al… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST! 
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER. 

SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK