Following an increasing incidence of pregnancy-induced or gestational diabetes in Nigeria and other developing countries, experts, in a study, have urged health professionals to help ensure pregnant women’s poor knowledge of diabetes and preventive measures are corrected. In a new study, researchers found that the majority of pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in Ibadan, Nigeria, have poor knowledge of diabetes in pregnancy and low perception of the risk of diabetes in pregnancy, which may be the result of their low knowledge of diabetes. The cross-sectional study had involved 182 purposively selected pregnant women attending three antenatal clinics in Ibadan: the University College Hospital, Adeoyo Maternity Teaching Hospital, and primary health centre, Idi-ogungun. A self-administered questionnaire was used to collect data on participants’ knowledge of diabetes and their perception of the risk of developing diabetes. The study on the perception of risk and prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant women in Ibadan was published in the 2020 African Journal of Midwifery and Women’s Health. From the study, 56 per cent of the pregnant women had poor knowledge of pregnancy-induced diabetes, because of their low knowledge about diabetes and another 55.5 per cent thought they had a low risk of developing this type of diabetes. In addition, 59.9 per cent of these pregnant women had poor knowledge of preventive measures against pregnancy-induced diabetes although there is a significant association between knowledge of gestational diabetes and the perception of increased risk. The level of education of participants was identified as the most significant predictor of knowledge regarding risk factors, complications and the prevention of diabetes. They declared that the knowledge of the risks and timely screening of mothers could be beneficial in reducing the complications seen in diabetes in pregnancy as well as encourage a healthier lifestyle, including a healthy diet and adequate physical activity. The researchers stated: “Inadequate knowledge of gestational diabetes among pregnant women has an effect on maternal health as well as neonatal health. Hence, health professionals should improve efforts to educate the public on predisposing factors, risk and health preventive measure against diabetes in pregnancy. “Also, diabetes care standards and guidelines that are used to guide patient healthcare teams in recommending management strategies for gestational diabetes should be made available and affordable to pregnant women. This will help to improve women’s knowledge about preventive measures against diabetes.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Journalists Barred As Panel Grills Magu In Aso Rock The acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, is currently being grilled by a panel set up to investigate alleged infractions against him… Read Full Story Hushpuppi Hires Michael Jackson’s Former Lawyer To Represent Him In Court Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, a suspected internet fraudster and Instagram celebrity, who was arrested recently has reportedly hired a former lawyer to Michael Jackson, Mark Geragos, to represent him in court… Read Full Story COVID-19: Trump Govt Threatens Foreign Students With Expulsion International students who are pursuing degrees in the United States will have to leave the country or risk deportation if their universities switch to online-only courses, Immigration and Customs Enforcement… Read Full Story PHOTOS: After Four Months, Oyo Schools Reopen Monday After about four months, students in primary six, JSS3 and SSS3 in Oyo State resume at their various schools on Monday. As a way to curtail the spread of COVID-19 Governor Seyi Makinde had on March 21, ordered the closure of all schools in the state… Read Full Story Military Air Strikes Destroy Dwelling Place Of Boko Haram Leaders In Borno ― DHQ The Defence Headquarters (DHQ), on Monday, said that in renewed efforts to end insurgents activities in the country, the Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole has destroyed the dwellings of Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) leaders and neutralised some of their fighters in separate airstrikes conducted at Parisu and Bula Bello in… Read Full Story Regional Banks To Operate From Additional Geo-Political Zone THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has announced that Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) with regional authorization shall henceforth be required to operate from one additional geo-political zone in the… Read Full Story CBN’s Adjustment Of Naira Rate’ll Cause Inflation — NECA THE Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has said the Central Bank of Nigeria’s adjustment of naira exchange rate from N360/dollar to N380/dollar at the Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS) will result in inflation… Read Full Story FG To Close Third Mainland Bridge On July 24 The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Monday said consultations were on for another phase of repairs to begin on the Third Mainland Bridge… Read Full Story Youths Need Digital Skills For 21st Century Economy —Minister The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, has said that African youths need digital skills development for the 21st-century economy… Read Full Story Wadume: Produce Indicted Soldiers For Trial, Falana Tells AGF MILITARY’S special court, court-martial, is not constitutionally-empowered to try offences of terrorism with which indicted soldiers in the trial of kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu (alias Wadume) were charged, leading lawyer, Femi Falana, said on Sunday… Read Full Story Reps Committee Approves N6.06trn Revenue Target For FIRS In 2020 The House of Representatives’ Committee on Finance on Monday approved the 2020 budget proposal for Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) with the projected revenue accruing to the Federation… Read Full Story ‘Industrialisation Of Lekki Free Trade Zone Costing Us Our Livelihoods’ When Mrs Helen Folarin was posted to Itamarun (a fishing community in Lagos) to head the only public health centre there as a consultant, little did anyone envisage that the journey to getting the plight of residents of this beachside community known, had begun… Read Full Story In Defence Of Senior Advocates On July 4, 2019, the Legal Practitioners Privileges Committee, LPPC, rolled out the names of thirty-eight legal practitioners deserving to be conferred with the prestigious Rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN. How some despise the Rank! Some don’t want it ever mentioned near them at al… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK