The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) in Bauchi, has cautioned retailers against the circulation of substandard Base Oil (Lubricant) products. Mr Abdullahi Iliyasu, the Controller Operations of the Department, gave the charge in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Friday in Bauchi. Illiyasu said the Department had organised a two-day sensitisation workshop to create awareness on the dangers of using unprocessed lubricant (engine oil) in vehicles and other machines. He said that the workshop targeted marketers of Base oil products to educate them on dangers associated with using such substandard products. “Unprocessed and substandard Lubricant (engine oil) cause damage to the engines of movable and unmovable machines such as cars, lorries and power generators as it does not contain the necessary ingredients of processed oil. “The usage of unprocessed engine oil constitutes a serious health hazard and contaminate the environment,” he said. Iliyasu called on retailers and dealers of such products to obtain business licences and adhere to set standards. ALSO READ: Popular actor, Adeniyi Johnson and wife becomes KAB ambassadors He advised marketers to source the products from the certified lubricating plants such as Oando, Total, and Amasco Companies, stressing that their products were of good quality. According to him, the Department has registered seven companies to establish Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) plants in the state. He said the plants would be sited in seven Local Government Areas, adding that: “We will soon issue stipulated guidelines governing their operations.” The controller added that prospectus businesses could obtain licences and permit online. He explained that the procedure of obtaining the licence and permit would be completed within 24 and 48-hours, adding that the agency was committed to ensuring compliance to extant rules and regulations governing its operations. NAN reports that DPR had sealed a number of fuel servicing stations in the state for violations of the rules and operational guidelines. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE