Analysis has shown that in 2019, nearly 14 million children did not receive any of the life-saving vaccines such as measles, diphtheria, tetanus or pertussis. The analysis further revealed that two-thirds of these children are concentrated in ten countries: Nigeria, India, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Pakistan, Philippines, Ethiopia, Brazil, Indonesia, Angola and Mexico. The disclosure was made by UNICEF Nigeria on Wednesday stating that Nigeria is facing a critical moment of choice, wherein children can either be protected from a host of preventable diseases or face an uncertain future and possibly dire health prospects. ALSO READ: Nothing shows Edo is an oil producing state — NRM candidate The UNICEF and the World Health Organisation (WHO), therefore warned of an alarming decline in global vaccine coverage due to a COVID-19 pandemic that is disrupting the delivery and uptake of immunization services around the world as contained in a statement by Oluwatosin Akingbulu Communication, Advocacy and Partnership, United Nations Children’s Fund. According to Peter Hawkins, UNICEF’s Representative in Nigeria, “This is a critical moment for Nigeria’s children. We can either seize it – or condemn millions of children to preventable illness or even death,”. In his own remarks, Dr Faisal Shuaib, Executive Director of National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA), “We are in a strong position here in Nigeria – we have a full stock of routine immunization vaccines and can use the strong community outreach programmes across the country, not only to prevent the spread of COVID-19 but to also ensure children receive vaccinations for diseases we can easily prevent. We must seize this moment to be creative and act wisely”. It is observed that Global disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic are threatening to reverse hard-won progress in immunization rates worldwide, according to new data by WHO and UNICEF. At stake is critical progress made over the last decades in reaching more children and adolescents with a wider range of vaccines, including in Nigeria. However, despite this progress, Nigeria still contributes 30 per cent of the global number of unimmunized children between the ages of 0 and 5. The UNICEF boss said that “We have a long way to go to ensure greater protection for children against disease – and vaccination rates, including against the highly contagious and deadly measles virus, are in danger of lapsing,” said Peter Hawkins. “Let’s seize this moment to reimagine how we bring vaccinations to children, leveraging on existing community structures for COVID-19 prevention, to improve vaccination rates too – and ensure a brighter and healthier future for Nigeria’s children.” The global vaccination coverage rate with the third dose of the vaccine against diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis (DTP3) has plateaued at 85 per cent since 2010. In Nigeria, numbers show that routine immunizations in the first 6 months of 2020 have dropped compared to the same period in 2019 – indicating a deterioration in important routine vaccination coverage, due to COVID-19. “No Nigerian child should die from a preventable disease that can be easily prevented with an affordable vaccine that is readily available within our borders. Let us not let COVID-19 distract us from the work we still need to do to ensure that every Nigerian child receives their full routine immunizations,” said Peter Hawkins. It is said that Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, at least 30 measles vaccination campaigns around the world were or are at risk of being cancelled, which could result in further outbreaks in 2020 and beyond. “We already knew the challenge of vaccinating every child was daunting, and now we know that COVID-19 has made a challenging situation even worse,” said UNICEF Executive Director Henrietta Fore. She added that “We must halt a further deterioration in vaccine coverage and reinforce vaccination services before children’s lives are threatened by other outbreaks. We cannot trade one health crisis for another.” Also, Given stagnating global coverage levels, the likelihood that a child born today will be fully vaccinated with all the globally recommended vaccines by the time she will be 5 years is less than 20 per cent. Countries that had recorded significant progress, such as Ethiopia and Pakistan, are now at risk of backsliding if immunization services are not restored as soon as feasible. “We must reimagine immunization in Nigeria and build back better, despite the pandemic,” said Peter Hawkins. He concluded that “We can do this by building the confidence of caregivers in accessing immunization services, reaching out to people where they are to ensure they understand the importance of these vaccinations for their children’s lives and protecting healthcare workers so that they can deliver these services safely and effectively.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.