The Enugu State Government on Thursday announced 16 new cases of COVID-19 infection, bringing the total number in the state to 531. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Prof. Ikechukwu Obi, announced this in a statement. Obi said that the ministry confirmed the 16 new cases from the update by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). He gave the number of confirmed patients undergoing COVID-19 treatment as 193 while 322 had been discharged after two post-treatment tests that returned negative. ALSO READ: Northern governors mourn first Nigerian female helicopter pilot The number of confirmed COVID-19 related deaths is 16. The commissioner advised the public to adhere to all NCDC precautionary measures to stay safe. He urged the residents to call 08182555550, 09022333833 or the NCDC number on 80097000010 if they develop symptoms or know anyone who may have developed symptoms. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Reps to investigate mass resignation of 365 soldiers THE House of Representatives has resolved to investigate the purported voluntary resignation of 365 soldiers from the Nigerian Army. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), this resolution followed a unanimous adoption of a motion of Matters of Urgent Public Importance by the Chief Whip of the House… Read Full Story COVID-19: Nigeria Confirms 463 New Cases, Total Now 33,616 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Tuesday, announced that the country has recorded 463 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to… Read Full Story Magu: Panel Grills Four EFCC Sectional Heads The Justice Ayo Salami-led presidential investigation panel probing corrupt allegations levelled against the suspended Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, on Tuesday grilled four-unit heads of the commission… Read Full Story Senate recognises male as rape victim, proposes life sentence for kidnappers THE Senate on Tuesday amended the Criminal Code Act which recommended a life sentence for kidnapping as against the existing 10 years sentence stipulated in the act, in the event of the conviction of a suspect. The bill tagged, A Bill for an Act to Amend the Criminal Code Act Cap C. 38, also removed gender restrictions… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.