The Osun government has approved easing of lockdown imposed on four local government areas in the state to contain the spread of coronavirus. A statement by Mr Wole Oyebamiji, the Secretary to the State Government in Osogbo, on Monday, said the ease would take effect from Monday midnight. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the state government had on July 7 announced a total lockdown in four local governments in the state to contain the spread of the virus. The affected local governments were Ilesha East, Ilesha West, Atakumosa East and Atakumosa West. Oyebamiji said assurance received from traditional and religious leaders as well as civil society in the affected local government areas necessitated the ease of the lockdown. He said though the lockdown had been eased, physical meetings and mass gatherings in any form remain banned in that axis and indeed throughout the state till further notice. “Notwithstanding the ease of the lockdown, enforcement of safety protocols, especially the use of nose mask in public places must be continued in the axis, and non-adherents will be sanctioned. “The state government wishes to reiterate that any form of breakdown in adherence to the safety protocols against COVID-19 in the four local government areas shall force the government to impose the lockdown again,” he said. Oyebamiji said the government would continue to do everything necessary to protect the lives and properties of citizens. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE How ‘One Milion Boys’ gang leader, Ebila was killed Details have emerged of how the leader of Ibadan notorious gang, One Million Boys, Abiola Ebila, was killed on Sunday afternoon.  Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source who craved anonymity, that Ebila and his team kidnapped a middle-aged man whose name as of the time of this report could not be ascertained… Read Full Story 1,773 NDDC contractors allegedly abscond with mobilisation fees A total of 1,773 contractors were allegedly paid N70.495 billion by the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC)  as mobilisation fees without resorting to the site between 2008 and 2012. This was revealed as the House of Representatives at the weekend kicked-off its investigation into the N70.495 billion allegedly… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.