Four persons, on Saturday, narrowly escaped death in a lone accident along Ihiala-Onitsha highway, in Anambra state. Tribune Online learnt the accident, which occurred around 10:27 am, near the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Command, Ihiala, involved a Toyota Sienna, belonging to Imo State Transport Company (ITC). The victims, three men and a woman were said to have come out of the vehicle unhurt. The State Public Education Officer, Federal Road Safety Corps, Mr Pascal Anigbo, who confirmed the incident in a statement in Awka, attributed it to loss of control, as a result of excessive speed. According to him: “At about 10:27 am on Saturday 4 July, 2020, a minor Road Traffic Crash (RTC) caused by loss of control, as a result of excessive speed, was recorded near the FRSC Command at Ihiala, along Ihiala-Onitsha expressway. “The vehicle involved was a Toyota Sienna with enlistment number HKW235XZ, belonging to Imo State Transport Company. A total of Four victims (3 male adults and 1 female adult) were involved in the crash. No injury and no death recorded. “FRSC rescue team from Ihiala Unit Command are on ground ensuring free flow of traffic, while also making efforts to tow the crashed vehicle to safety. “The Sector Commander Federal Road Safety Corps Anambra State, Mr Andrew Kumapayi, warns drivers against driving above recommended speed limits. “Drivers should always apply common sense speed limits and drive with maximum concentration to prevent such occurrences. Road Traffic Crashes are avoidable.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.