The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Lagos Zonal office, on Thursday, arraigned Stephen Osinowo, former Executive Secretary, Lagos State Scholarship Board, over alleged N127 million fraud before Justice Oluwatoyin Taiwo of the Special Offences Court sitting in Ikeja, Lagos State. He was arraigned on amended eight-count charges bordering on criminal conversion to the tune of N127,000,000. One of the amended eight-count charge read: “That you, Stephen Osinowo, sometime in 2018, in Lagos and within the jurisdiction of this court, being a civil servant, converted to the use of Osinowo Adenike the total sum of N30 million belonging to the Lagos State Scholarship Board.” Another count read: “That you, Stephen Oshinowo, between 8th day of February, 2016 and 30th day of December 2016 in Lagos and within the jurisdiction of this court, being the Secretary of Lagos State Scholarship Board, converted to your own use, through Julikam International Limited, the sum of N39, 934,919 property of Lagos State Scholarship Board.” The EFCC said investigation conducted revealed that Osinowo, at various times, allegedly diverted to his personal use the sum of N127,164,066 meant for the Board. He pleaded not guilty to the charges when they were read to him. In view of his plea, prosecution counsel, Usman Buhari, asked the court for a trial date and also prayed for the remand of the defendant. However, defence counsel, Lawal Pedro, prayed the court for a short adjournment to hear the bail application of his client. Consequently, Justice Taiwo adjourned till Friday, July 3, hearing of the bail application and also ordered that the defendant be remanded in EFCC custody. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.