Ahead of Ebonyi State local government election slated to hold on August 29, 2020, the chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state, Onyekachi Nwebonyi has warned his members to desist from sabotaging the party’s interests and position. Nwebonyi, stated this during the 46th State Executive Committee (SEC) meeting of the party, held at the secretariat on Enugu/Abakaliki Expressway. Nwebonyi further noted that the party shall commence the sale of forms having decided to go for a fresh primary following the court order. He said, “Just yesterday a party rumoured that the elections would not hold as scheduled and today EBSIEC brought a letter to us confirming the rumour. “The party is not happy with what we are seeing, and we believe strongly that some of our party men and women are behind it. “It is worrisome that after having primaries done, we are asked to redo it. How are we going to start after doing our primaries, do we go back to the drawing board?” Meanwhile, Ebonyi State Independent Electoral Commission (EBSIEC) had on Wednesday announced that the local government election earlier scheduled to hold on August 15 has been shifted to August 29 2020. The chairman EBSIEC chairman, Josy Eze, in a meeting with political parties said that the reason for shifting the election was as a result of a court order which restrained the commission from holding the election on the earlier scheduled date. He said, “We have fixed a new date for our local government election and other activities. “It is the position of the commission to carry all political parties along. Today, we have deemed it necessary to invite you once more and announce to you certain decisions that have to do with the 2020 local government election in Ebonyi State. “Some people asked us whether we are going to give room for fresh primaries and other activities? “The commission was served a court order from the state high court restraining the commission in the interim from going on to conduct the local government election without and until the commission has issued a revised timetable that will give another opportunity to the claimant in that suit or the party to partake and opportune to have their party primaries conducted. “As a powerful commission, we took an oath to abide by the law of the land. We have to obey the court order from a competent court. “One of the parties has gone to court to ask for a window of opportunity to participate and conduct their own party primaries. “We are revising the timetable of the election to hold on a new date. Therefore, by the power conferred to the commission, announced that the new date for the 2020 LG election, to hold on Saturday 29th August 2020. “The claimant will on this new date be allowed to conduct their party primaries from today 22nd July to 6th August 2020,” he stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE