A 22-year-old suspected cult member, who confessed to have killed no fewer than five members of a rival cult group, has been arrested by the police in Lagos State. The suspect, Segun Olohunwa, a resident of Jakande Estate area the state, however, claimed that he has become ‘born again.’ Segun was on Wednesday paraded by the state Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, alongside nine members of a cult group that killed and filmed a supposed rival group member in the Ikorodu area of the state. The suspect said that he participated in some of the violent clashes between rival cult groups in different Ikorodu communities, where they had gone to assist their colleagues. The suspect, who claimed to have joined the Eiye cult group since, when he was 15 years old in secondary school, also claimed to have risen to the third person on the hierarchy of his group as a result of his ruthlessness. The suspect told newsmen that “I became a member of Eiye at the age of 15 years when I was in secondary school. Since then I have been participating actively in their activities.” He also added that “I was taught how to handle gun three months after I became a member of Eiye. It is our tradition to always help our colleagues who are in distress, which was why whenever they called us we always assisted them. “If my parents had known then and had stopped me, maybe I would not have gone this far but I am born again now. The police should give me a second chance.” In a similar incident, nine members of a gang that abducted and killed a suspected member of a rival cult group in a video that went viral on the internet have also been arrested. Members of the group, who confessed to having killed their rival, blamed him for ‘spying’ on their activities after his gang had killed a member of their own group. The arrested cult members are Olaitan Apanpa aka Emir, Chidi Michael alias Jaaru, Eno Sunday alias Covenant, Saheed Gbadebo, Adepeju Azeez alias Aboki, Samuel Ilesanmi alias Baba Obo, Omotosho Quadri, and Moses Ogungbe. One of the leaders of the gang, Apanpa told newsmen that it was his group that actually killed the deceased rival cult group member. The cult leader said “if he had escaped that fateful day, more of our members would have been killed. That was why we pinned him down from running away and we took him to a jungle in Bayeiku where we killed him after interrogating him about his mission.” “After we had got more information from him, I pulled the trigger that killed the victim,” the cult leader also confessed. Apanpa, according to the police, is a serial killer that confessed to have killed many rival group members including a student of the University of Ibadan. The state police boss, while speaking on the arrest of the cult members, warned other cultists in the state that the police would leave no stone unturned to end cultism in Lagos.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.