An Ibadan-based internet fraudster, Babatunde Akintomiwa, was on Wednesday sentenced to 14 months in prison by Justice Patricia Ajoku of the Federal High Court, Ibadan, over impersonation and N400,000 fraud. Ajoku convicted and sentenced Akintomiwa based on the evidence before her and the plea bargain agreement between him and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). She said that the judgment was in line with the provisions of Section 270 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA) 2015 that spelt out how somebody who pleads guilty to an offence should be sentenced. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Bayelsa governor warns against intimidation of citizens over facemask “I hope that Akintomiwa is remorseful of his actions and willing to contribute positively to society now. “However, to serve as a warning to others interested in the crime, Akintomiwa is sentenced to 14 months in prison. The sentence starts from the date he was first arrested. “All the exhibits found in his possession are forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria,” Ajoku said. Counsel to the Ibadan Zonal Office of EFCC, Mrs Iyabo Daramola, had told the court that the convict was arraigned on a one-count amended charge bordering on impersonation. Daramola added that the convict committed the crime on April 19, 2019, in Ibadan. According to her, Akintomiwa operated a fictitious email address to deceive unsuspecting foreigners. She further said that deceitful information was retrieved from the said email address. The EFCC prosecutor said that the proceeds of the crime restituted from Akintomiwa included cash of N400, 000, and Alt 8 Infinix phone and many accessories. She said that the offence was contrary to and punishable under Section 22A (2B) of the Cyber Crime Prohibition Act, 2015. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Reps to investigate mass resignation of 365 soldiers THE House of Representatives has resolved to investigate the purported voluntary resignation of 365 soldiers from the Nigerian Army. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), this resolution followed a unanimous adoption of a motion of Matters of Urgent Public Importance by the Chief Whip of the House… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.