The Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) has lamented what it described as brazen extortion of its members by security agents, including the Army, Police, and the Civil Defense Corps. NUPENG said the issue of extortion by security agents had also been compounded by bad roads and insecurity, which had all combined to create serious hindrance to their job and effective delivery of their services. In an address delivered by the National President of NUPENG, Comrade Williams Akporeha, at the end of virtual National Executive Council (NEC) of NUPENG, the union said its members might be forced to embark on a serious industrial action to drive home their case if the issues were not properly addressed by the Federal Government. NUPENG has, therefore, given the Federal Government a two-week ultimatum and directed its members (all tanker drivers) nationwide to start putting green leaves in front of their trucks from Monday, July 6 (yesterday), and commence a two-hour prayer session every morning at every loading location and stop over spots from Monday July 13. The NUPENG President said: “The issue of bad roads is further compounded by the various security agencies who now set up multiple check points on these deplorable roads to further exploit and extort money from motorists. Petroleum tanker drivers are the worst hit by the exploitative tendencies of these unscrupulous security agencies. “The brazen extortion of our members, especially during this COVID-19 pandemic was really disconcerting and unfortunate. As a Union, we cannot continue to fold our hands and watch our members, who toil day and night, in the rain, cold and sunshine to make our economy grow to keep suffering like this. “In the light of the above, we are giving the Federal Government a two-week ultimatum to commence total rehabilitation of these roads to save lives and properties as we can no longer tolerate the current situation of things. “Immediately address the issue of multiple roadblocks and extortions from all its security agents mainly, the Army, Police, Civil Defense Corps. If not addressed, we may be forced to embark on a serious industrial action to drive home our case. Enough is enough of these molestation, harassment, exploitation and extortion by these uniformed men. “From Monday July 6, all our Tanker Drivers are to commence putting green leaves in front of their trucks and from Monday July 13, we shall commence two hours morning prayers at every loading location and stop over spots for petroleum tanker drivers.” Akporeha also added: “The union is again very worried about rampant cases of banditry, kidnapping, killings of innocent Nigerians especially in the northern parts of the country. We are also perturbed about the spate of attacks by unknown herdsmen on farmers in the southern part of the country. It is so sad to see gory stories of deaths, kidnapping, robbery, rape and destruction on our daily media headlines. “We call on the Federal Government to restructure the security architecture to make it more proactive in tackling these security issues that are gradually becoming endemic. “We cannot afford to allow evil men to take over the land and subject our people to gruesome deaths and perpetual fear.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19 As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success? Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first airplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2) Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business? Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK