The new Commissioner of Police, Edward Awolowo Ajogun, on Thursday, said policing activities under his watch would be widespread, non-discriminatory and unrestricted. He said this while addressing officers and men of the state command at the Command Headquarters, Eleweran, Abeokuta, that every resident would enjoy the services of the Police. Ajogun warned criminals to steer clear of the state, saying crime-fighting template under him would be comprehensive, cohesive and proactive. “We would at all times endeavour to be ahead of criminals through visibility policing. Also. both uniformed and plain-clothes policemen will cover the length and breadth of the state conducting routine and purpose patrols, stop and search or frisk, monitoring and surveillance, and attending to distress calls in the neighbourhoods streets, highways and the waterways. “Both the low and high individuals, big and small communities in the state will enjoy our services. The Command will take the battle to the den of kidnappers, cultists, drug dealers, sea pirates, traffickers, indeed criminals of all hues and their sponsors, procurers, counsellors and accessories in and outside the state,” he added. The CP assured that any act of misconduct would not be tolerated from any police, therefore warned against any misuse of guns or extrajudicial killings. He said: “Let me quickly remind all policemen that they are public servants, and that every member of the public deserves their respect, and that any act of misconduct will be viewed seriously. “I, therefore, appeal to the general public to reciprocate by giving back to policemen deserving respect and cooperation.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Italian prosecutors have asked that two oil companies, Eni and Shell, be fined while some of their executives, both present and former including Eni’s Chief Executive Officer, Claudio Descalzi, be sentenced to prison in a long-running trial bordering on alleged corruption in oil field purchase in Nigeria… Read Full Story The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2016 governorship election in Ondo State and a former Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General of the state,  Eyitayo Jegede,  on Wednesday emerged as the candidate of the PDP in the party’s primary election… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE