The promotion of Senior Officers has hit the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), as the Police Service Commission has approved the promotion of 6,618 senior Police Officers with immediate effect. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Friday by the Head of Information Unit of the Commission, Mr Ikechukwu Ani The statement explained that the promotions were one of the highpoints of the 8th Plenary Meeting of the Commission which spanned a period of three weeks, and presided over by its Chairman, Alhaji Musiliu Smith, retired Inspector General of Police. The breakdown of the exercise showed that the Assistant Inspector General of Police, Olushola Oyebade currently at the National Institute of Policy and Strategic Studies, NIPSS, Jos, Plateau State was promoted to the next rank of Deputy Inspector General of Police to represent the South-West geopolitical zone. According to it, ” Four Commissioners of Police including one specialist, were promoted to the rank of Assistant Inspector-General of Police “They are Cp. Aisha L. Abubakar, CP. Veterinary Department; Cp. Asuquo A. A. Amba, former Cp, Bayelsa State Command; Counter-Terrorism and currently CP. Ekiti state Command; CP. Nekereuwem A. Akpan, former CP. Cross Rivers State Command and Olafihan Adeniran Adeeoye, currently CP. Anti Terrorism. The Commission also approved the promotion of three Deputy Commissioners of Police to the next rank of substantive Commissioners of Police. They are DCP Jonathan Towuru, Deputy Force Secretary; DCP Abiodun Alabi, National Defence College and DCP. Akande Kayode of the State House (Presidential Villa) while Three Assistant Commissioners of Police; ACP. Adenola J. Oluwole, ACP. Valentine Olumese and ACP. Isa Jibril Grema were promoted to the next of Deputy Commissioners of Police. The rest are Eight Superintendents of Police including Omoruyi Godwin, Clifford Okwor presently of Anambra State Command and Uchendu Fransica Ngozi, Staff Officer Senior, SOS, also of Anambra State Command promoted to the rank of Chief Superintendent of Police. In the same vein, 607 Deputy Superintendents of Police were also elevated to the rank of Superintendents of Police. They include; DSP. Markus Goyom, Ifeoma Chukwu Ozuruigbo, Elizabeth Olajimoke Olatunbosun, Mina Mosese Anderson, Delta State Command and Mohammed Yakubu Ibrahim, Divisional Police Officer (DPO) 9th Mile, Enugu State Command. Others are Frank Omokhoje Longe, Delta State Command, Chukwudi Nwanze Simon, Ukadike Oyekachukwu Martins, Jemimah Okafor; Emeka Iheanacho, PPRO Zone 5 and Ede John Chukwuemeka. According to the statement, the Commission also promoted 206 Assistant Superintendents of Police to Deputy Superintendents among which were; Ignatius Ogoejbunam Atta, Mustapha Ali and Awe Vincent It also promoted five thousand, 5,786 Inspectors to Assistant Superintendents of Police (ASP11.) Some of the new ASPs are Egbo Rosemary Obianujunwa, Operations, Delta State Command; Abdulahi Mohammed; Elvina Chukwu, Oyo State Command; Balogun Olushegun; Amaka Onwude, CPS, Abakaliki, Ebonyi State Command; Samuel Agu, Delta Command; Joseph Seyinko and Chinyere Mabeokwu of Enugu Area Command. The Chairman of the Commission congratulated the promoted officers and urged them to reciprocate the Commission’s gesture by rededicating themselves to the service of their fatherland.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story Buni Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Akande In Osun The national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Ma Mala Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with the former interim national chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints More Ambassadors To Correct Imbalance President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors in a move to address complaints about the recent appointments of 41 non-career ambassadors… Read Full Story FG Converts All Govt Hospitals In FCT To COVID-19 Sample Collection Centre The Federal Government has converted all the government hospitals in FCT, Abuja, to COVID-19 sample collection sites, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Thursday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read Full Story AFDB, WTO, Others Seek Measures To Support Trade Finance In Developing Nations The African Development Bank (AFDB), the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and other financial institutions (MDBs) are collaborating to support trade finance in developing nations in a bid to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 on their economy… Read Full Story $1bn Cloned Account: We Welcome House Of Reps Investigations ― NPA Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority reiterated the non-existence of… Read Full Story Petrol Price Hike, Imposition Of Hardship On Nigerians ― PDP Opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the new petrol price hike from N123 to N143.80 as the imposition of hardship on Nigerians by the ruling All Progressives Congress… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Collapse Of Public Waterworks IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.