Chairman, Badagry Local Government Area of Lagos State, Mr Segun Onilude, has called on the relevant authorities to come to their aid with regards to fixing bad roads and security agents’ check points, as it is hindering the development of tourism in the area. Onilude, who made this call recently, said no businessman would want to do business in an area that has these conditions.” Badagry, which he said has the potential to be great, but lacks the infrastructure to support what is on the ground, needs urgent facilities upgrade to make the tourism enclave easy access caused by bad roads and clog of unprecedented roadblocks/checkpoints. “These are serious hindrances to tourism traffic and other allied business activities.” Onilude wondered why Badagry; an ancient town and often referred to as the cradle of civilisation with western education and Christianity first in Nigeria, has a lot of natural endowments such as islands, beaches, first storey building in the country, ‘Point of No Return/slave root, these unique features have not reflected structurally in terms of advancements in the community. “Historically and talking about tourism, especially in Lagos State, Badagry is the home of tourism. “And that is why, even good as we have all these things, we should be the Jerusalem of Nigeria. If we are not Jerusalem of Nigeria, we should be Mecca of Lagos State.” Onilude said when you tell people to come to Badagry, the first thing that comes to their mind is the roads. “That’s why we always call on the state because fixing roads costs a lot of money. And when you talk about roads that would be about five, six to 10 kilometers that means it involves a lot of money. And maybe when the state would come to our rescue in that, it would hasten the development of that area. “A lot of people want to come and site industries, hotels here, but these roads give a lot of setbacks. This is an international road linking up most West African countries and I’ve had people saying that from Ghana to Togo, to Benin Republic, there’s no pothole”, he complained. Another issue Onilude regretted was that of security agents (police, customs, immigration, and border patrol) taking advantage of the deplorable state of the roads to mount checkpoints, turning them into toll gates. “Within a kilometer, you see about three checkpoints. No matter the size of your vehicle, you must part with either 200 to 500 naira. “When you are on the road, you will see from Agbara to Seme, you will see about 70 roadblocks, checkpoints, Oh God!  You will be discouraged. “From grapevine that I heard, they’ve seen that from Agbara to Seme and Owode, we have about 92 checkpoints. “It’s 92 in a distance that is not up to thirty kilometers.what I’m saying is that it’s not even one, but in one kilometer you will meet 92 checkpoints. What were they looking for?” he asked. He however advised that stakeholders should make themselves available whenever invited to proffer solutions to the numerous challenges confronting them. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.