Speaker of the House of Representatives on Monday directed the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio to publish the names of members who allegedly collected the contracts from Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) within 48-hours or face the wrath of the Parliament. The Speaker who expressed grave concern over the magnitude of the allegations levelled against members by the Minister in response to the ‘Point of Order’ under ‘Matters of Breach of his Privileges’ sponsored by the Minority Leader, Ndudi Elumelu, who demanded justice amidst public outcry. The Speaker said: “What I said was that he has submitted his written report Pondei, he doesn’t have to come back since he has his written report. However the committee reserves the right completely, absolutely now that we know that he is out of the hospital from all reports, and we thank God for his life and we thank God that he’s okay. “Now that he’s walking about, the committee has the absolute right to re-invite him for further questioning if the committee so chooses they need him and that is my ruling on that. “On the second issue, raised by the Minister of Niger Delta, it is indeed disturbing. I had a good laugh but I realized that it was not even funny it is the oldest trick in the book for those who do not know that is the oldest trick in the book. To throw something out there a wild allegation without any basis without any foundation, without any shred of evidence he distracted us from the main issue, that is the old trick in the book. “And I must say at this point that unfortunately, the media, the journalists helped him in amplifying what we all know is untrue, that 60 per cent of contracts from NDDC is awarded to members of the National Assembly, that became the news, distracting from the main issue. “I have been in this House, this is my 5th term here, I have never collected anything from NDDC and I’m speaking for a great majority of members of this House…and because of that. I take this matter, allegation and accusation very seriously and I will give the Minister 24 to 48 hours and Clerk I want you to back it up with a letter from this House. “Give the Minister 24 to 48 hours to publish the names, the contracts so were given, the dates because those issues are documented, unveil the companies of the 60% projects that were given to members of the National Assembly, of members of this 9th Assembly; and the amounts, every particular and detail of those members of this 9th Assembly that he gave contracts to, failing which this House will bring the full weight of the law. There are laws in our books for defamation. It is important that we set the record straight, Clerk makes sure this letter goes out today. ALSO READ: Must-Know Windows and Doors Renovation Tips for Homeowners “The honourable Minister owes it to himself, he owes it to the Committee, he owes it to the people of Niger Delta, he owes it to Nigerian to publish those names and the companies and the details of those he has given these contracts to. “Yesterday to me was, I will reserve my judgement, I believe the Minister came here to play games; we are not playing games here and we will get to the bottom of everything that is happening in the Niger Delta, not for anybody’s sake but for the people of Niger Delta,” Hon. Gbajabiamila said. Recall that Senator Akpabio had on Monday during the continuation of the investigative hearing held to probe the allegations of corruption in the NDDC alleged that contracts of the NDDC are given out to members of the National Assembly. The revelation unsettled the hall briefly as the acting chairman of the committee, Hon. Thomas Ereyitomi calmed some members who charged at the minister. Senator Akpabio while responding to questions from members accused National Assembly members of executing the majority of the contracts awarded by the Commission. The Minister who accused the NDDC management of splitting contracts below the threshold of the Minister’s approval of N1 billion, said: “We have records to show that most of the NDDC contracts were given to members of the National Assembly.” While responding to the allegations bothering on the N10.9 billion allegedly awarded to Hon. Olubunmi Tunji-Ojo, the Minister said: “Contracts are split below the threshold of the Minister’s approval. “For instance, if a contract was given to a chairman’s place for road construction and it came under 950, 950, 950 but the total is 10.9 billion. The contract is not for the Chairman, but the contract is for the Chairman’s State.” Senator Akpabio who earlier accused National Assembly members of collecting “a majority of the contracts awarded by NDDC,” maintained that: “We have records to show that most of the NDDC contracts were given to members of the National Assembly.” While reacting to the Minister’s allegation levelled against the members of the National Assembly who allegedly collect the majority of the contracts awarded by NDDC, Hon. Boma Goodhead said: “You were a member of the NDDC in the 8th Assembly, if you were not awarded a contract why are you saying that you were aware that NDDC awarded a lot of contracts to members. How dare you?” However, in his response, Senator Akpabio who strive to clarify his submission said: “My honourable Sister, that is why we have to change, we must not allow the two chairmen to determine the budget of the NDDC. I was a member like you. I did not know what was going on. To this end, the Minister called for a paradigm shift in the operations of the Commission, saying: “that is why we have to change the modus operands. You must not allow the two chairmen of the committee to hijack the NDDC budget.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE