As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders. This came as the Ekiti APC Stakeholders passed a vote of confidence on the governor and party executives from the ward to the state level on account of their impressive performances and strict adherence to the party’s vision. Former Minister of Works, Senator Dayo Adeyeye, Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, Senator Babafemi Ojudu, former Speaker, Ekiti State House of Assembly, Adewale Omirin and 12 others, had last week accused Fayemi of dictatorship and vindictiveness. But speaking at an APC stakeholders’ meeting held on Saturday in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital, Fayemi was quoted to have said that his crisis with Adeyeye, Ojudu and others is a family affair. ALSO READ: COREN urges FG to ensure implementation of Executive Order No. 5 A communique conveying what transpired at the meeting by the APC State Publicity Secretary, Mr Ade Ajayi, on Sunday, Fayemi had said: “whatever disagreement we have in Ekiti APC is a family affair. I’m not an enemy to anyone and neither is anyone an enemy to me.” Ajayi said at the meeting where issues affecting the party were deliberated upon, a vote of confidence was passed on Governor Fayemi after a review of the many life-impacting projects carried out by his administration. Ajayi added: “A vote of confidence was also passed on the party executives from the state to ward level for winning all elections conducted so far, including the presidential, national and state assemblies, as well as local government elections. “The National and state Assembly members equally expressed their support for the Governor and the party executives from state to the ward level.” Ajayi added that part of the resolutions was the directive given to party members to withdraw all cases instituted against the party in line with President Buhari’s directive. He added further: “Stakeholders resolved that all matters in court against the party at all levels should be withdrawn with immediate effect. “That the code of conduct for all political appointees and elected officials should be strictly adhered to. “That forthwith, no negative story should be sponsored against the party in the media. Such action by any member shall be viewed as anti-party.” Ajayi said the stakeholders also agreed that an ad-hoc committee should be composed to address all the members’ grievances and make recommendations on how to resolve them to the party. The meeting according to Ajayi was attended by Governor Kayode Fayemi, his Deputy, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi, comprises the Governor, former governors, national and state assembly members, cabinet members, elected party chairmen, party elders forum and 10 representatives from each local government. However, Ojudu, Adeyeye and other aggrieved leaders of the party were absent. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints Pam As Christian Pilgrims Commission Executive Secretary President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC)… Read Full Story Appeal Court Upholds Yahaya Bello’s Election As Kogi Governor The Court of Appeal, Abuja Division on Saturday affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the duly elected governor of Kogi State… Read Full Story MFM To Begin Another 30 Days Prayer Retreat The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has directed that members extend the ongoing 30 Days Prayer Retreat which marks the third session… Read Full Story 109,823 N-Power Beneficiaries Now Business Owners ― Minister The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, says no fewer than 109,823 beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme are now business owners… Read Full Story Who Flies APC Flag In Ondo? EXCEPT for the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) handles the primary election or selection of its candidate for the Ondo State governorship election carefully, the party in the state may be heading towards another round of crisis similar to the one that engulfed it in Edo State recently which may cause it to… Read Full Story No Difference Between PDP, APC —Olateru-Olagbegi Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party… Read Full Story VOICE OF COURAGE:  E No Finish? The controlling leadership of ACN got a casual job in 2015 and took it like a mega-contract. They did more than a month’s job for a day’s pay. They pawned everything in exchange for nothing. All core values were thrown away. The ancient landmarks of the fathers were set aside. Many of the icons in the land were… Read Full Story GIBBERS: Buhari Isn’t Judiciary’s Messiah (1) In the last 12 years, salaries of Nigerian judges have not been reviewed. In a review of the development of inflation rates in Nigeria between 1979 and 2019, by World data,the average inflation rate was calculated at 19.2 per cent. Now, hold your breath. The report added “overall, the price increase was 80,304.39 per cent… Read Full Story Threatened Cooperation! Cooperative Societies In The Cloud Of COVID-19 ALL over the world, especially in Third World economies, one of the platforms through which peoples’ common business dreams and financial needs are crystallised is the cooperative society. A cooperative society is simply a voluntary association of individuals who have come together to pursue their economic goals… Read Full Story COVID-19: The Church And The New Order The Church is just one of the institutions that have been caught in the heat of the coronavirus pandemic following the ban on public gatherings for about three months as a way of controlling the spread of the virus by the federal and state governments… Read Full Story 40 Years After, Ayinla Omowura Remembered With Album As part of the activities to mark the 40th year anniversary of the exit of Apala icon, Waheed Ayinla popular as Ayinla Omowura, an album entitled ‘Anigilaje has been released in his honour… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.