In memory of late Chief Joseph Adolo, Okotie-Eboh, a businessman and politician, a webinar is scheduled to hold July 7, to formally launch a foundation, The Joseph Adolo Okotie-Eboh Peace and Conflict Resolution Foundation (JAOPCRF). The webinar which will address ‘Peace and Conflict Resolution- The Political and Governance Perspectives’, holds at the first anniversary of the Late Okotie-Eboh who died July 6, 2019. Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan will be the keynote speaker, while former External Affairs Minister Prof. Bolaji Akinyemi, renowned scholar, Prof. Anya. O. Anya is among dignitaries to speak at a webinar. According to a statement released by the family and signed by Dr.(Mrs) Dere Awosika, the launch of the Foundation is in furtherance of the ideals of a peaceful and better society which the late Okotie-Eboh stood for in his lifetime. “Peace is the hope of every nation, the promise of every politician and the desire of every living person. The effects of conflict and violence are far-reaching and it is impossible to truly separate oneself. Peace is the only solution that provides security and promises sustainable development towards a better future. “It is for these reasons that The Joseph Adolo Okotie-Eboh Peace and Conflict Resolution Foundation was established.” Dr Awosika further noted that more than 600 million young people all over the world live in volatile and conflict-prone areas and are impacted in several ways economically and socially. “It is the hope of The Foundation, through well structured and consolidated efforts, to deliver lasting and enduring peace to those who need it most: the youth.” Programme of activities for the launch will kick start with a memorial service at First Baptist Church Ikoyi, Lagos on; a talk show on ‘Millennials in Politics’ both on Monday, July 6. The talk show will be powered by DigiConverge, a tech platform for live streaming and web conferences. Born on February 22, 1955, to the famous family of Chief Festus Okotie-Eboh, Nigeria’s first post-independence Finance Minister in Ugbori Community, Warri in the present-day Delta State. Okotie-Eboh trained as a pilot in the prestigious Burnside-ott Aviation Training Centre, Opa-locka Airport, United States of America, but went into private business on returning to Nigeria. He was also involved in the politics of the fourth republic as a foundation member of the People’s Democratic Party(PDP) in Delta state and was one of the key figures in the evolution of the All Progressive Congress(APC).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints Pam As Christian Pilgrims Commission Executive Secretary President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC)… Read Full Story Appeal Court Upholds Yahaya Bello’s Election As Kogi Governor The Court of Appeal, Abuja Division on Saturday affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the duly elected governor of Kogi State… Read Full Story MFM To Begin Another 30 Days Prayer Retreat The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has directed that members to extend the ongoing 30 Days Prayer Retreat which marks third session… Read Full Story 109,823 N-Power Beneficiaries Now Business Owners ― Minister The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, says no fewer than 109,823 beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme are now business owners… Read Full Story Who Flies APC Flag In Ondo? EXCEPT the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) handles the primary election or selection of its candidate for the Ondo State governorship election carefully, the party in the state may be heading towards another round of crisis similar to the one that engulfed it in Edo State recently which may cause it to… Read Full Story No Difference Between PDP, APC —Olateru-Olagbegi Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party… Read Full Story VOICE OF COURAGE:  E No Finish? The controlling leadership of ACN got a casual job in 2015 and took it like a mega contract. They did more than a month’s job for a day’s pay. They pawned everything in exchange for nothing. All core values were thrown away. The ancient landmarks of the fathers were set aside. Many of the icons in the land were… Read Full Story GIBBERS: Buhari Isn’t Judiciary’s Messiah (1) In the last 12 years, salaries of Nigerian judges have not been reviewed. In a review of the development of inflation rates in Nigeria between 1979 and 2019, by Worlddata,the average inflation rate was calculated at 19.2 per cent. Now, hold your breath. The report added “overall, the price increase was 80,304.39 per cent… Read Full Story Threatened Cooperation! Cooperative Societies In The Cloud Of COVID-19 ALL over the world, especially in Third World economies, one of the platforms through which peoples’ common business dreams and financial needs are crytalised is the cooperative society. A cooperative society is simply a voluntary association of individuals who have come together to pursue their economic goals… Read Full Story COVID-19: The Church And The New Order The Church is just one of the institutions that have been caught in the heat of the coronavirus pandemic following the ban on public gatherings for about three months as a way of controlling the spread of the virus by the federal and state governments… Read Full Story 40 Years After, Ayinla Omowura Remembered With Album As part of the activities to mark the 40th year anniversary of the exit of Apala icon, Waheed Ayinla popular as Ayinla Omowura, an album entitled ‘Anigilaje has been released in his honour… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.