The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Oyo State has condemned the viral video of a female ex-corps member arrested by security operatives at the resident of a suspected armed robber/kidnapper in Ibadan. The State Coordinator, NYSC Oyo State, Mrs Grace Ogbuogebe, in a statement issued by Assistant Director, Press and Public Relations Unit, Olatoye Christy, condemned the actions inflicted on the ex-corps member named Towobola by the security operatives as shown in the viral video. The video which has attracted strong indignation from the general public admits the fact that the action of the law enforcement agents was unacceptable and should be condemned in its entirety. Mrs Grace Ogbuogebe in her statement decried the way and manner in which the men of the force dehumanised the ex-corps member in question. “I condemn this act of brutality against an innocent youth who was going about her legitimate business of peddling her wares, shoes, to be precise. “It was quite unfortunate for her to have been turned to a victim of circumstances and an object of ridicule despite the fact that she was not found in any crime scene, neither was anything incriminating discovered on her,” she added. The state coordinator further condemns the uncivil and unprofessional manner in which the operatives were interrogating Towobola about her private life in the glare of the whole world which suggested a sinister motive behind the whole act. ALSO READ: Another Nigerian professor makes history, leads UK Ivy League varsity Meanwhile, Oyo State commissioner for youth and sports, Honourable Seun Fakorede, who doubles as the chairman, NYSC governing board in the state also lent his voice to the condemnation of the barbaric act by the enforcement agents and called for a thorough investigation by the police in order to bring the culprits to justice. According to him, “It could be concluded that these officers deliberately demoralized, harassed and humiliated this lady for a reason best known to them. This action is unprofessional and capable of bringing the police into disrepute.” Conclusively, the state coordinator, calls on the Police Authority to ensure that appropriate disciplinary action is taken against these officers to serve as a deterrent to others who are in the habit or may want to exhibit such an ignoble tendency in future. Recall, that a video went viral on Wednesday showing Towobola who recently passed out of national service, being asked sexually demeaning questions while she was also physically manhandled and recorded by alleged security operatives. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE