The political supremacy war within the ranks and files of the All Progressive Congress (APC) took a new turn on Tuesday, as the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige and chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Finance, Hon. Abiodun Faleke threw caution to the wind during the investigative hearing into the allegation bothering on arbitrary breach of the Presidential directive on the suspension of top management and executive committee members of Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) and other government agencies by the Minister’, as they threw tantrum at each other. Trouble started after Hon. Faleke queried the rationale behind the Minister’s decision to castigate the NSITF management whom he described as politicians without following the laid down procedure by the office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (oSGF). Hon. Faleke said: As a politician, we all labour for this party – APC, apologies to those who are not APC members. And you alluded to it that some of the management staff are also politicians. Will you say it is right to have also castigated them in the media, damaging their reputation rather than following the process laid down by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation for you to have taken this action? “I also want to make this statement finally that, you are a former Governor by the grace of God, you are also a former Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. I also want to ask that you served as the first tenure as a Minister, Mr. Minister this is your second tenure, will you say that your appointment by Mr. President was based on your being a member of the party or because of your personality, or because of your performance for the President at the last election? Because if you look at the result, you will discover that in your Local Government you scored 2,202 for the President while the PDP scored 17,000.” In a swift response to Hon. Faleke’s poser, the Minister who described him as his younger brother, said: Excerpts: Ngige: Like my junior brother, they said you are up to 60, I don’t know. Faleke: I’m 60-plus Ngige: So you are near my age but I’m 7 years older than you. I’m sure I’m the same age with your mentor in Lagos – Asiwaju and I was a Governor with him at the centre, he was a Senator, I was a Senator, I’m two time Senator, he is not a tow time Senator. Faleke: But he won all his elections very well. Ngige: No problem with that. Just like you won your own in Kogi State very well and you are now the Deputy Governor and Governor of Kogi State. Faleke: Mr Minister please respond. Ngige: I’ve responded, you yab me, I yab you 10 times. I’m a Lagos boy, you are just a small boy in Lagos. Look at this boy, Mushin boy talking to a VI boy, I live in Victoria Island. Look at this bush boy from Kogi o. You are not serious, just go, I no get time for you. Kilo nse e (what’s wrong with you)?  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE