The Federal Government in partnership with OCP Africa Fertiliser Limited, flagged-off the distribution of subsidized fertilisers to selected vulnerable farmers in Nigeria as part of COVID-19 palliative to mitigate the effect of the pandemic on food security. This ceremony was performed by the Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Mustapha Baba Shehuri. The Minister while performing the ceremony today at Karshi Market, Karshi, Abuja stated that the Federal Government’s partnership with OCP Africa is part of Mr President’s determination to improve the local production of fertiliser in the country in order to enhance productivity and household incomes of the targeted farmers as well as contribute largely to the food security attainment of the nation in general. Baba Shehuri stated that similar gesture will be extended to other selected farmers across eleven (11) States in the country and will cover 50,000 farmers with 2 bags of subsidised NPK fertilisers at N4, 500.00 per 50kg bag. The Minister reiterated President Muhammadu Buhari’s focus on the agricultural sector stating that “you are quite aware that agricultural sector of the economy is one of the key sectors that Mr President has accorded a lot of priority attention and enormous responsibilities to pull the country out of poverty through repositioning the sector with all the required supports.” He pointed out that “the Ministry has embarked on the expansion of the various sub-sector value chain activities in crops, livestock, fisheries and key priority sectors such as the provision of quality agricultural inputs particularly fertilizers, seeds, tractors, equipment and implements, agrochemicals etc.” Baba Shehuri stressed that “the Ministry is also paying attention to areas of land and climatic change management, rural infrastructures such as rural roads, water supply, some upstream and downstream activities in processing and value additions.” The Minister further stated that “as you may be aware, as part of Mr President’s determined effort to improve the local production of fertilizer in the country, the Federal Government entered into a bilateral agreement with the King of Morocco for the supply of Di-ammonia Phosphate (DAP). As a follow up to the Agreement, the Presidential Fertiliser Initiative (PFI) was set up based on the Public-Private sector Partnership (PPP) arrangement.” ALSO READ: “Everything she said is true,” says CAC pastor accused of impregnating his daughter three times He also said that ‘’ the PFI arrangement has increased significantly the local production of fertilizers particularly NPKs in the country and has generated a lot of employment along the fertiliser value chain, conserved scarce foreign exchange and removed dependence on foreign supply of fertilisers, a revival of over 31 moribund fertilizer blending plants.” The Minister acknowledged that “OCP Africa Fertiliser Limited is a world leader in the production and exportation of phosphate-based fertilizer and phosphoric acid and also a key global player in the fertiliser industry, producing 7.4 million metric tons in its production plant in Morocco. The group as I learnt has established a subsidiary, OCP Africa, as a new company dedicated to transforming farming in Africa through the provisions of products and services to African farmers and making our continent and ocean of prosperity.” He emphasized that the Act has prescribed roles and responsibilities for the stakeholders in the public and private sectors in order to ensure compliance/popular participation for the smooth and effective implementation of the Act to achieve sanity in the fertiliser industry. The Minister expressed optimism that the supply of fertilizers and other farm inputs in the right quantity and quality at the right time and place at an affordable price(s) backed with proper management practices would go a long way in increasing farmers’ productivity, enhance household incomes and by extension guarantee food security at national levels.” In his welcome remarks, the Deputy Managing Director/ Country Manager OCP Africa Fertiliser Limited, Mr Caleb Usoh said that ” through the 31 outlets spread across several states in the country, OCP Africa would by way of palliatives provide support to 50,000 smallholder farmers by ensuring distribution and access to buy the Presidential Fertiliser Initiatives’ NPK 20:10:10 at a subsidized retail price of N4,500/bag.” Usoh stated that OCP Africa would undertake to bear the cost of transport logistics, warehousing and distribution of these inputs to targeted farmers, adding that a total of 50 million naira worth of subsidies will be given as palliatives during the COVID-19 pandemic season. He informed that “the organization is undertaking to train 50,000 smallholder farmers on Good Agricultural Practices specific to crops and value chains localized to specific regions. To implement this, OCP Africa has engaged qualified Training facilitators as well as recruited, equipped and engaged over 90 Extension Service Agents (Agripromoters) to support training and extension. OCP Nigeria has also purchased over 60 Motorcycles to aid mobility, 25 Cargo Tricycles to aid redistribution and 100 Electronic Tablets to aid data gathering and learning for the recruited extension agents.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Journalists Barred As Panel Grills Magu In Aso Rock The acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, is currently being grilled by a panel set up to investigate alleged infractions against him… Read Full Story Hushpuppi Hires Michael Jackson’s Former Lawyer To Represent Him In Court Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, a suspected internet fraudster and Instagram celebrity, who was arrested recently has reportedly hired a former lawyer to Michael Jackson, Mark Geragos, to represent him in court… Read Full Story COVID-19: Trump Govt Threatens Foreign Students With Expulsion International students who are pursuing degrees in the United States will have to leave the country or risk deportation if their universities switch to online-only courses, Immigration and Customs Enforcement… Read Full Story PHOTOS: After Four Months, Oyo Schools Reopen Monday After about four months, students in primary six, JSS3 and SSS3 in Oyo State resume at their various schools on Monday. As a way to curtail the spread of COVID-19 Governor Seyi Makinde had on March 21, ordered the closure of all schools in the state… Read Full Story Military Air Strikes Destroy Dwelling Place Of Boko Haram Leaders In Borno ― DHQ The Defence Headquarters (DHQ), on Monday, said that in renewed efforts to end insurgents activities in the country, the Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole has destroyed the dwellings of Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) leaders and neutralised some of their fighters in separate airstrikes conducted at Parisu and Bula Bello in… Read Full Story Regional Banks To Operate From Additional Geo-Political Zone THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has announced that Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) with regional authorization shall henceforth be required to operate from one additional geo-political zone in the… Read Full Story CBN’s Adjustment Of Naira Rate’ll Cause Inflation — NECA THE Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has said the Central Bank of Nigeria’s adjustment of naira exchange rate from N360/dollar to N380/dollar at the Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS) will result in inflation… Read Full Story FG To Close Third Mainland Bridge On July 24 The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Monday said consultations were on for another phase of repairs to begin on the Third Mainland Bridge… Read Full Story Youths Need Digital Skills For 21st Century Economy —Minister The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, has said that African youths need digital skills development for the 21st-century economy… Read Full Story Wadume: Produce Indicted Soldiers For Trial, Falana Tells AGF MILITARY’S special court, court-martial, is not constitutionally-empowered to try offences of terrorism with which indicted soldiers in the trial of kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu (alias Wadume) were charged, leading lawyer, Femi Falana, said on Sunday… Read Full Story Reps Committee Approves N6.06trn Revenue Target For FIRS In 2020 The House of Representatives’ Committee on Finance on Monday approved the 2020 budget proposal for Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) with the projected revenue accruing to the Federation… Read Full Story ‘Industrialisation Of Lekki Free Trade Zone Costing Us Our Livelihoods’ When Mrs Helen Folarin was posted to Itamarun (a fishing community in Lagos) to head the only public health centre there as a consultant, little did anyone envisage that the journey to getting the plight of residents of this beachside community known, had begun… Read Full Story In Defence Of Senior Advocates On July 4, 2019, the Legal Practitioners Privileges Committee, LPPC, rolled out the names of thirty-eight legal practitioners deserving to be conferred with the prestigious Rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN. How some despise the Rank! Some don’t want it ever mentioned near them at al… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK