Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has said that the state is recording successes in the COVID-19 response aimed at stemming further, the spread of the pandemic. The Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Abba Anwar, quoted Ganduje as saying this in a statement on Saturday in Kano. The statement said that the governor made the declaration at a news conference of the state’s Task Force on COVID-19. Ganduje said that the feat was achieved due to his unrelenting commitment and political will in leading the response against COVID-19 pandemic. He noted that the COVID-19 samples collected in the state surpassed the benchmark set out by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). The governor said: “While NCDC sets 100 benchmarks of sample collection per state, Kano State’s sample collection goes up to hundreds. “Strengthening and stabilising the position which also led to drastic drop of the pandemic in the state. “With the trend of samples collected, tested and the results that came out of them, we are really winning the war against COVID-19 in Kano State.” The statement also quoted the state’s Technical Coordinator Task Force on COVID-19, Dr Tijjani Hussaini, as saying that the state had five molecular testing centres to enhance detection and effective response to the pandemic. “Because of the fact that the size of samples collected in the state outstripped what NCDC recommended, that is 100 per state, while we collect in thousands. “And with the five testing centres in the state, we still take some of our samples to Abuja for testing.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the state Ministry of Health announced that the state had so far conducted 13,727 COVID-19 sample tests, since the outbreak of the pandemic. The ministry announced via its verified Twitter handle @KNSMOH, that the samples were tested as at Friday, July 3. It said that five new cases of the virus were confirmed of the 809 samples tested on Friday, while 26 more COVID-19 patients discharged. The ministry disclosed that the state recorded a total of 1,262 confirmed cases of the disease; of which 207 were active cases, 1,003 discharged and 52 deaths. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.