The House of Representatives on Thursday urged Federal Government to facilitate the establishment of stand-alone standard comprehensive cancer centres in each of the six geopolitical zones of the country. The motion was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion on the ‘Need to address the incidence of mortality from cancer in Nigeria,’ sponsored by Hon. Samuel Adejare who stressed the need for government at all levels to support the training institutions such as the postgraduate medical colleges, post-basic schools of nursing and medical research institutions to produce more specialists for cancer diagnosis and treatment. To this end, he urged the Federal Ministry of Health to partner with the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and other relevant stakeholders and development partners to harness a multi-sectoral effort to improve cancer care in Nigeria. ALSO READ: Ekiti labour denies alleged compromise over outstanding workers’ salaries “The House notes that the World Cancer Day is marked on 4 February every year to remind the world of the scourge of Cancer around the globe and to stimulate Stakeholders to create awareness and step up activities towards stemming the burden and mortality of cancer; “The House also notes that there are over 800,000 new cases in Africa, 1/3 of which are Nigerians and 86% of them may die within the first year of diagnosis of the disease 35% of which is caused by preventable infectious diseases and conditions. “The House is also acknowledging that by the World Health Organization (WHO) standards, Nigeria needs 180 radiotherapy machines for the over 180 million people, yet there are only eight functional machines available in Nigeria for both treatment and palliation. “The House is cognizant that Nigeria has only 5% of the required specialized personnel for cancer care which includes pathologists, radiotherapists, oncologists, gynaecologists and oncology nurses, which is inadequate to care for the nation. “The House is concerned that going by the current trend, cancer is fast becoming a national epidemic and a serious health emergency with dire consequences if no urgent and effective intervention is instituted,” Hon. Adejare noted. In the bid to address the challenge, the House urged Federal Ministry of Health to commission a national survey to generate reliable data on the prevalence of the several cancers plaguing the Nigerian people, availability of laboratory diagnostic facilities such as immunohistochemistry and molecular pathology technique, radio-diagnostics including nuclear medicine facilities to enable more exact and reliable diagnosis and treatment of cancer, available personnel and gaps. To this end, the House mandated the joint the Committees on Healthcare Services and Health Institution to ensure implementation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.