THE Oyo State Agriculture Credit Corporation has embarked on a sensitisation drive to intimate farmers across the state with the policy of the Governor Seyi Makinde-led state government to enhance food security and sustainability. The drive, which was led by the corporation’s management comprising its chairman, Honourable Jimoh Afees (Ona-Ara) and the General Manager, Mr. Bode Raji, has seen the corporation visit the Deep Launch Factory, Ogbomoso and the Rural Community Development Centre, Awe. A statement signed by the corporation’s chairman, Hon. Afees, indicated that the aim of the sensitisation visit was to boost agri-preneurship and to proffer solutions to some lingering challenges pertaining to the accessibility of the various Loan Schemes of the corporation. Hon. Afees, who reiterated the commitment of the Governor Makinde-led administration towards boosting agricultural production in the state as its vision to expand the economy of the state is hinged on agriculture and agriculture value chain, advised farmers’ groups to come up with realistic business plans and budgets, which should be vigorously pursued. At the Deep Launch Factory, a privately-owned agricultural processing outfit with the mandate of adding value to various agricultural produce such as cassava produce,  the corporation said it was looking into the possibility of collaborating with the off-taker by helping individual farmers grouped in the various Cooperative Societies to assess micro-credit from the corporation, which could be subsequently used in the cultivation to be off-taken by the off-taker. The management team of the corporation interacted with the consultant of the project as well as representatives of farmers’ group, which informed the corporation that the farmers’ group was working presently on about 500 hectares, which they intend to cultivate this year. Similarly, the corporation’s management was at the Rural Development Centre, Awe, where the state governor recently launched the Youths in Agribusiness Initiative. According to the statement, the corporation discussed possible ways of collaborating with participants under the scheme coordinated by IITA, which is into various types of agricultural production ranging from crop production, fishery and agricultural processing. The chairman advised participants to aggregate themselves into the various agricultural groups and come up with a realistic business plan, which he said could enable them access the micro-credit available with the corporation in line with the commitment of the present administration to fully empower the youths in the area of agriculture so that food can be in abundance in the state. The chairman also assured the participants of the full support of the corporation in the realisation of the goals of Youth Employment in Agriculture and particularly promised a good exit porgramme for the youths that are currently on the premises of the centre in respect of financing.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19 As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success? Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first airplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2) Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business? Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK