The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has called on members of the public to discountenance reports of a possible fire outbreak from a vandalised point on its pipeline at Aboru Canal in Alimosho Local Government Area of Lagos State, saying that the there is no such hazard as the line in question has since been shut down for repairs and presently contains only water. The corporation, in a release by its Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr Kennie Obateru, explained that the Atlas Cove – Mosimi stretch of the System 2B Pipeline was shut down on June 25, 2020, to enable comprehensive maintenance of some segments of the pipeline. The NNPC said the repair work was on the last stage of completion which involves hydro-testing – a process of pumping of water through the entire pipeline for integrity test and leak detection – to ascertain availability of the pipeline for pumping products. The corporation noted that following a report from the dedicated patrol team about leakage at a point in the Aboru Canal this morning, water pumping was suspended immediately at 09:27hrs to enable the maintenance team effect necessary repairs. The NNPC urged residents of the affected community to remain calm as there is no possibility of a fire erupting from the leakage point. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.