Domestic flights resumed operations on Thursday at the Ibadan Airport after three months of suspended operations at the local airports across the country due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that operations at the Ibadan Airport resumed with strict adherence to COVID-19 protocols. The Airport security and health officers were seen enforcing compliance with COVID-19 guidelines by disinfecting passengers’ baggage as well as taking the temperature of all the people entering the departure hall. NAN correspondent at the airport also observed that foot-sign distancings had been marked at the ticketing, boarding and arrival hall of the airport to ensure that passengers maintain social distancing from each other. The flight operation into Ibadan Airport resumed with the landing of Overland Airways’ aircraft marked 5N – BRQ from Lagos at exactly 8:05 a.m. It departed to Abuja at exactly 8:45 am., after nine passengers had boarded from the Ibadan Airport. ALSO READ: Eid-el-Kabir: IGP orders intensive patrols, assures adequate security nationwide Two of the passengers; Iliya Ibrahim and Mohammed Yarima,  expressed satisfaction with the level of compliance with COVID-19 protocols at the airport. Iliya said: “The preparation by FAAN and other authorities at the airport is adequate, physical distancing is strictly observed. “And I can see a lot of other facilities put in place to ensure that the COVID-19 protocols are observed, so thumb up  to FAAN and other authorities.” Also, Yarima said, “So far with the protocols of engagement at this airport, I think it is excellent and is in conformity with the NCDC guidelines, with this, I think Nigerians are saving if we keep to the protocol  that FAAN has put in place.” In her remarks,  the Ibadan Airport Manager, Mrs Tega Ayenuro,  confirmed that nine passengers left Ibadan for Abuja with the first flight operated on Thursday. Ayenuro said that the  Ibadan Airport had introduced a new way to flight operations,  stressing that all COVID-19 protocols would be strictly followed. “When coming in, you have to get your hands sanitised or you wash them and you also observe the social distancing while standing, walking or sitting. ” Today being the first flight, it is like an inaugural flight  and we had nine passengers.” Ayenuro said. She also said that Overland Airways and Arik were the only two commercial airlines that ply the Ibadan Airport at the moment, saying they were expecting more airlines to come in. NAN also reports that the highlight of the occasion was water-showering/welcome shower ceremony performed by the Airport Fire Service. Some of the staffers of Ibadan Airport expressed joy over the resumption of flights at the airport and pledged to abide by  COVID-19 guidelines while carrying out their duties. (NAN) NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE