President of the Senate Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday tasked the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) to widen the tax net rather than overburden the people and business concerns. Ola Awoniyi, his Special Adviser on Media in a statement in Abuja noted that Lawan was the guest speaker at the inauguration of the Inter-Ministerial Committee on the Audit and Recovery of back years Stamp Duties. The event was also the Federal Inland Revenue Services (FIRS)’s formal launching of adhesive stamp for Stamp Duties collection in Nigeria. “We should rather expand the tax net. Let’s not overburden our businesses or our citizens,” Lawan said at the event which took place in Abuja. The President of the Senate said that there were many people who were supposed to pay taxes but were not captured in the tax net. “Let’s expand the tax net and ensure that we have in the net many more Nigerians who are supposed to pay taxes, and you have our support at all times,” Lawan said. He said the Senate was aware of the various challenges against the efforts of the FIRS to rejig tax administration in the country especially the global challenge posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. He said the recent posting by FIRS of an impressive first-quarter result was an indication that the current leadership of FIRS was working. “Indeed, this is an indication that agencies of government, if given the necessary all-round support and collaboration, will be able to deliver excellent results. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Niger cuts salaries, allowances of governot, deputy, others by 30% “We will continue to acknowledge, encourage and support the initiatives and efforts of revenue-generating agencies of government to improve their revenue collection, especially in these trying times. “The Senate and the National Assembly will continue to provide the necessary legislative backings and oversight functions that will help maximise the revenue of the government and ensure that government is better positioned to deliver on its mandate,” Lawan said. (NAN) SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.