Commissioner for Special Duties in Kwara state, Hajia Aisha Ahman-Pategi, has debunked reports accusing the state Ministry of Finance of alleged withdrawal of N300 million local government funds. Speaking with journalists in Ilorin on Monday, Ahman-Pategi debunked claims about N300 million misappropriation of LGA funds, saying that, “I never made a pronouncement like that nor did I ask anyone to write or say anything like that on my behalf. These are rumours which were formed by figment of bloggers’ imagination. It is recalled that the accusation had reportedly led to an altercation between the Finance Commissioner, Mrs Florence Olasumbo Oyeyemi and Hajia Ahman-Pategi, who until recently was the Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs in the state. As a result, Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq invited the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to probe funds so far received and disbursed to the 16 local government areas of the state between May 2019 till date. “I urge the general public to disregard the rumours of financial misappropriation of N300 million local government funds. The LGA funds are intact. All write-ups circulating online or in conventional media attributing such claims to me are lies orchestrated by naysayers that I call propagandists. Those peddling the fake stories should desist or be ready to face the full wrath of the law. “I also want to clear the air on the saga between myself and Mrs Oyeyemi engaging in fisticuffs. Again, these are frivolous claims by bloggers. It is false and unfounded and needs to be disregarded in their entirety. We never exchanged blows. ALSO READ: Oniru crisis: Ensure peaceful transition, Erelu Kuti tells royal family “We can agree to disagree or disagree to agree but anything short of this becomes unhealthy and unwarranted. “Likewise, my other colleagues; we are a team working towards our mandate. The governor has created an enabling and friendly atmosphere for all the cabinet members to work peacefully and harmoniously. “Governor AbdulRazaq is a God-fearing and financially disciplined person who has zero-tolerance for corruption; his focus is to deliver his dividends of democracy to Kwarans and my focus along with my fellow colleagues is to assist him in the actualization of his mission and vision for our dear state. “There is a time for partisan politics, now is the time for bipartisan politics, a time to come together and join hands as  people irrespective of party, to build a new Kwara for our generations yet unborn”. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE