Shell Nigeria Gas (SNG) has completed the final phase of its 20km domestic gas pipeline expansion project in Abia State, connecting Agbor Hill, Osisioma and Araria industrial zones. The project has also enabled the supply of pipeline gas to Ariaria Market Energy Solutions Limited, the Independent Power Project (IPP) consortium that provides electricity to the popular Ariaria market in Abia State. Ariaria International Market is one of the largest leather shoe-making and open stall markets in West Africa, with over 37,000 shops and an estimated one million traders. Managing Director, SNG, Ed Ubong, said, “We are proud of this domestic gas infrastructure investment which allows the industries in Abia to have more reliable and cleaner sources of energy. SNG is committed to supporting Nigeria’s industrialisation provided there is a stable regulatory environment in the domestic gas sector that allows investors to recover their investment.” Managing Director, NICEN Industries Limited, a paint and plastics manufacturer connected to the pipeline gas, Christopher Eze, said, “SNG has put life back into our industries in Aba through the provision of this natural gas line. This milestone will open up the state for an influx of investors thereby creating an enabling environment that will generate job opportunities for the youth of the State. I am sure that many industries in Aba will quickly take advantage of this great opportunity. Our company sincerely appreciates SNG for this great feat”. Also speaking on the completion of the expansion project, President of the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN), Mansur Ahmed, said, “MAN is proud of the role that Shell is playing in driving industrialisation in Nigeria through domestic gas supply. Industries and manufacturing plants play a key role in transforming the Nigerian economy and this project will connect many manufacturers in Abia State, one of the nation’s major industrial hubs, to pipeline gas, which is a cheaper, cleaner and more reliable source of energy. According to Ahmed, the gas supply to the Ariaria Market IPP would strengthen micro, small and medium enterprises in the Abia State and enhance the operating environment for manufacturing to thrive. SNG together with its partners and local stakeholders has agreements to build infrastructure and deliver natural gas to over 150 industrial and commercial customers, mostly in Ogun, Abia, Rivers, Bayelsa and Lagos States. This will drive industrialisation, provide employment for skilled and unskilled local population in addition to directly improving internally generated revenues in these states. With a reputation for safety, credibility and reliability, SNG has maintained a 16-year streak of successful ISO 14001 certification and has operated for over 10 years without any lost time injuries.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.