The House of Representatives on Thursday resolved to set up an Ad-hoc Committee that will investigate the multi-billion naira provided annually for the skills acquisition programmes of the Federal Government across the country. The resolution was passed sequel to the motion sponsored by Hon. Emmanuel Oghene, who stressed the need to ascertain the utilization of the financial budgetary provisions, approvals and multilateral donations accrued to the government’s coffer over the years. Leading the debate, Hon. Oghene observed that Social Investment Programme and Skills Acquisition Programme are parts of the sustainable tools for the eradication of unemployment amongst the youths and for the enhancement of human capital development and productivity in Nigeria. He noted that unemployment and its principal attendant effect which is poverty have caused terrible damage on all facets of the nation and cannot be disconnected from the insecurity, violence and other social vices being perpetrated by some Nigerians in their desperation to survive and be self-sufficient. The lawmaker said the Federal Government and multilateral donors in its efforts to get Nigerians engaged in meaningful economic ventures had committed so many funds for the approval and implementation of skill acquisition programmes, seIf-reliance programmes and social investment safety nets in all the states of the federation through many of its agencies. ALSO READ: EFCC tells court how ex-Lagos State Scholarship Board Secretary allegedly diverted N127m He, however, noted that: “adequate provisions have not been put in place to ensure the effective monitoring and implementation of these programmes as a greater proportion of our youths remain unemployed or unemployable and hence the increasing rate of the poverty level, insecurity, domestic violence and other criminal acts perpetrated daily in the country and lack of financial transparency and prudence have hampered the continuous support from multilateral donors. “There have been several claims in the past by majority of the beneficiaries of these lofty programmes, that aside from the crested vests and face caps given, there have been unjustifiably denied facilities expected to be freely given to them after their training which is contrary to the terms and conditions for the approval of these programmes under the various agencies of the federal government. “The rationale for the approval and implementation of these skills acquisition and related programmes by the Federal Government would remain a far cry or less achievable without a collaborative effort to query into the financial budgetary provisions and value additions by these affected agencies. “The affected beneficiaries of these skills acquisition programmes (formal and informal) would not be able to effectively contribute to the growth of our economy or be self-sufficient and seIf-reliant where basic facilities are not procured or distributed by these Federal Government agencies and parastatals. “The prevalent insecurity and unemployment in the country, apart from occasioning unnecessary loss of lives and properties, have also created a worrisome situation for our nation to tap maximally its full potentials from all the sectors of her economy and that the trend has negatively impacted significantly on our Gross Domestic Product. “The obvious skill gap in many of the sectors of our economy has further led to the influx of foreigners with special skills into the corridor of our economy with attendant capital flight and indiscriminate observance of our immigration protocol.” To this end, the House Consequently, the House resolved to mandated the Ad-hoc Committee to investigate the concerned agencies and parastatals in the implementation of these skills acquisition and related programmes and report back in 16 weeks. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.