Following the Senate’s recent decision against the purchase of Innoson vehicles for the use of its members, Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, representing Anambra South, has denied claims that he discouraged the upper legislative chambers from patronising the South East-based indigenous motor manufacturing company. This comes on the heel of the allegation made on the floor of the Senate by Senator Chukwuka Utazi through a point of order saying that an unnamed Senator from the geo-political zone allegedly scuttled the Senate’s move to patronise the company. In a letter by Senator Ubah to Senator Utazi, who represents Senator Enugu North, in which he demanded an unreserved apology, he also charged Utazi to name the Senator in question as he maintained that he could not have gone against Igbo business interests as a Senator representing the zone. Ubah rejected two previous letters of apology from Utazi, on the grounds that they were not categorical enough, demanding instead, that the Enugu Senator name the individual who de-marketed the motor company. Ubah in the letter to Utazi dated July 17th and made available to the media, in Abuja on Saturday, alleged that his names had been dragged into “petty/gutter” politics through the allegation. He stated in the letter: ”I write in response to your letters dated 14th of July 2020 and 16th July 2020 wherein you tried to clarify the unfortunate and clueless comments you made during the plenary session of the 9th Senate on Tuesday, July 14, 2020, over an unverified and fake social media story. “In your letters, you maintained that the Point of Order you raised on the Senate Floor was never directed at me but was made to protect the interests of Igbo businesses. “While I commend your acknowledgement of the importance of promoting the Igbo economy which is my core mantra and one of my utmost priorities in the National Assembly, it is unfortunate that you failed to mention the Senator who committed such an unpardonable act by opposing the procurement of vehicles made by Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing (IVM) Company Limited (a company situated in my constituency, Anambra South) during a Senate transport Committee Meeting which I am neither a member of nor have I ever attended the said committee meeting.” ALSO READ: Don’t collect less than N30,000, minister charges Conditional Cash Transfer beneficiaries Ubah further noted: ”I find it most unfortunate and sad that till now, you are still unable to produce any evidence to prove that the alleged incident to demarket IVM occurred, or at least, apologise and inform Nigerians that you erred by bringing an unverified social media rumor to the floor of the Senate. “As a distinguished Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, you should have contacted or consulted the leadership of the Senate Committee on Transport or any member of the committee which our highly respected brother and leader from Enugu; Senator (Dr) Chimaroke Nnamani is a member, to find out if such happened; rather you chose to discuss it on the floor of the Senate plenary based on hearsay. This is very appalling and disgraceful! “My dear colleague, how will you feel if I come before the Senate and allege that an Igbo Senator plotted to betray your constituent without being bold enough to name the said Senator? How will you feel if I come to the floor of the Senate and discuss an unverified fake social media story that has your name attached to it without seeking clarification before raising it at the Senate plenary? It is true you did not mention my name while raising the Point of Order.” He maintained: “I had to respond to you because an obviously sponsored hatchet writer had in the previous days prior to the Tuesday plenary session used a fictitious-pseudo name to trend a fallacious story that I allegedly kicked against the purchase of Innoson vehicles in a transport Senate Committee meeting. “You can imagine the embarrassment that I felt on witnessing your presentation on the floor of the Senate, hence my demand that you mention the name of the perpetrator if indeed such a thing truly occurred before the intervention of our highly respected colleagues who intervened on your behalf and had to abandon plenary and escort me back to my office where they all expressed surprise at your action. “I do not believe that a Distinguished Colleague like you should be used to play petty/gutter politics. I find your action very distasteful and demand that you tender a clear, proper and unreserved-apology to my constituents, Ndi Anambra, your home State, the Senate, Ndi Igbo whom I hold so dearly and Nigerians in general for bringing an unverified and fictitious fake social media report to the floor of the Nigerian Senate which by extension, has defamed my reputation and also reduced your office to a tool for petty/gutter politics and fake social media propaganda.” He pointed out: “It is also disheartening to think that a renowned anti-fake social media advocate of your calibre and person can condescend to purveying the same fake media news you have always kicked against. “However, I am highly consoled by the intervention of our respected colleagues Senator Chimaroke Nnamani, Senator T.A Orji and Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe to forgive you if you tender an unreserved apology which you have failed to adhere to in your past two letters, hence my reply. “Conclusively, it is imperative to note that Ifeanyi Ubah has a name and brand that took a lot of hard work and doggedness to establish over the years and should not be dragged into fake media propaganda. “On this premise, I wish to advise you not to dabble and engage yourself in dirty politics, senseless propaganda and fake media reports while I urge you to do the needful and apologise properly.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE