THE Chairman of Harvest Feeds Agro Processing GokeAdeyemi has said that the effect of the lockdown had depleted the working capital of agro processors, hence the need for palliatives becomes necessary. Adeyemi while speaking with Nigerian Tribune said since the government had lifted the ban on inter-state movement, there is also need to assist processors on working so they could get all workers back to the factory. He also urged the government to consider lifting the curfew so that trucks conveying raw materials for processing could easily move at night. His words: “We need palliatives, for instance in my own company, we have up to 300 persons employed shortly before the COVID-19 pandemic, and about 1000 indirect employment, but as soon as the lockdown started, everybody ran away, and when essential services were told to resume, we could not harbour everybody because there are no raw materials to use, all farmers left their farms. “As I speak now, I have about 100 persons working in the factory now, the remaining 200 are still at home, but I carried the burden of paying salaries for 2 months even for those who were not working. “The loss to my company in the past 3 months will be about N70 million, am not talking about the profit. So we need palliatives evidently. “We need grants as processors, my working capital has crashed now, I need close to N120 million for my working capital, what I have now is less than N40 million, our working capital has crashed because I have to continue to spend money while the lockdown is still on. “So, i need working capital injection into the business, the factories are there and they are 100 per cent ready, we need to mobilise working capital for us to do so. “So, palliatives can come as replacing our working capitals so that we can get more people to come back to work. Government is saying they will pull 100 million people out of poverty, this is by getting them employed, they are not going to give them money for free, but through the private sector, you can generate employment for them and they will be out of poverty”. He said palliatives could also come in form of providing constant power for the factories to ease the burden of using thousands of litres of diesel everyday in running the factories. “There are other things they can also do, we still run our factories on generator, you can imagine the cost of running a whole factory on generator, we use close to 1300 kilowatt of energy per hour and that has to be provided for by running on generator where we consume over 3500 litres of diesel every 24 hours, so we need that kind of palliative to provide electricity for us,and working capital to replace our business that have suffered during the lockdown”, he said. On movement of trucks conveying raw materials, Adeyemi said the midnight curfew is a serious challenge for logistics. He said cassava for instance needs to be processed less that 36 hours after harvest, but with the current curfew, and the law of not allowing trucks move during the day, it will be difficult to beat the deadline for processing. “In terms of business, logistic businesses in Nigeria normally move more in the night and there is curfew that starts by 10pm to 4am, so it seems like 6 hours has been removed from the time trucks move, and that is the time high volume of goods, agro products move properly. “We have reduced the effectiveness of our logistics if the curfew is still there. It is still impacting heavily on business. “Those of us in the agro processing sector, we have to deploy trucks to go and move cassava from various locations, and they move more in the night. “In agro processing, we are not the type that store raw materials, our raw material is cassava and we have to process fresh, between the time of harvest and the time of processing should be less than 36 hours. “So, there are hindrances for us, however, we know that in the course of time, maybe in one month the curfew will be relaxed and then we can have full movement”, he noted.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19 As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success? Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first airplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2) Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business? Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK