The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono has called for the adoption of modern biotechnology in achieving food security amid COVID-19 pandemic. Agric Minister said the adoption of technologies in plant and animal breeding has become imperative following the enormous advantages attached to it. Speaking during a webinar session on technological interventions in mitigating impacts of COVID-19 organised by the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NABDA), Alhaji Nanono said with biotechnology, the shelf life of agricultural produce could be extended. “Technology is critical in today’s world, and its relevance in agriculture is all the more crucial in preventing farmers’ crop losses to disease; enhancing market access; and the achievement of appropriate pricing for farm inputs, services and produce. “This is particularly important for smallholder farmers at this time as the vagaries brought on by the unavoidable movement restrictions imposed by government at the onset of the pandemic have served to disrupt agricultural supply chains across the world. “However, biotechnology, in particular, looks set to play an even more intense role in the food security situation in Nigeria. “It is important to state as a preliminary point, that for thousands of years, farmers have been using breeding techniques to modify the genetic state of crops and animals in order to improve quality and yield. “Modern biotechnology is, therefore, a crucial tool in the drive to produce plants and animals that possess traits capable of enhancing humanity’s capacity to secure its food systems. “Similarly, with the aid of biotechnology, we can extend the shelf life of agricultural produce. Indeed, without the galvanizing power of biotechnology, processing and value addition, which are critical for agro-industrialization would be retarded,” he said. Agric Minister further said with the COVID-19 pandemic, biotechnology has proven to be an integral part of the medical response.
The Minister, however, said the Ministry will continue to support and engender investments in science and technology. On his part, the Acting Director-General of NABDA, Professor Alex Akpa, said scientists must strive to find solutions facing mankind through the deployment of technologies, despite the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. He said biotechnology has been proven to be a powerful tool which can help to address lot issues including disease outbreak, hunger and pest infestation. “The Covid-19 pandemic has placed on us a lot of restrictions and as scientists, we must strive to find solutions to the challenges facing mankind through the deployment of science and technology. “The webinar, therefore, is our attempt to fashion out strategies on how we can take advantage of modern biotechnology to address this monster – COVID 19 pandemic. “Biotechnology is a very powerful tool that has the potential of helping us address a lot of situations including disease outbreaks, hunger, malnutrition, insects/pest’s infestation and drought,” he said. Professor Akpa said with technology in agriculture, Nigeria can leapfrog its production, have better quality products and high yields, reduce drudgery, improve resistance to pests and diseases. “We have been able to unfold a programme capable of producing about 5 million yam seedlings using the aeroponics technology for farmers across Nigeria in this Covid-19 lockdown era. Last year, 1 Million seedlings were produced, which was distributed to farmers for cultivation,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE