It may be shocking to many seeing a decorated female Nigerian police sergeant mount a party stage as a DJ, but this is what Odiase Selimot Adejoke is generally known for. Now known as DJ Sexy J around entertainment circles, she recently relocated to the United States of America to join her husband. In a recent chat, she told ROTIMI IGE about her love for entertaining, DJing in America, among other topics. Excerpts:  About myself I am a Yoruba woman by tribe but I am married to the love of my life from Edo State. We both live here in the United States of America (USA). I will say I am the first female policewoman to be a DJ. How I became a police officer Well, I will say it was a career choice chosen for me by my father. I would have hurt him if I had said I did not like the job because the holy books instruct that we should respect and obey our parents. So, in a nutshell, my father is the reason I became a police officer. About my selection for a number of peacekeeping missions across Africa I was just true to myself and my calling all through my days with the Nigeria Police. I carried out my duties and responsibilities when due and diligently as expected of me.  I believe it was my proficiency and dedication to duties that influenced my choice of selection for peacekeeping missions. I was in Sudan from 2010 to 2011, then Mali from 2018 to 2019. How I became a disc jockey I had always been a lover of music and entertainment, so it came naturally to me. Professionally, I will say I started mixing on a professional level in 2015. I learnt from the best hands in the business coupled with sheer desire to be an alpha female DJ in the world. It took sheer consistency and focus. I started from DJ Faze then moved to DJ Mase who taught me the nitty gritty of the art. DJ Tee helped me work and master my timing on the turntables. Why I relocated to the United States of America I moved to America for the betterment of my life. As a married woman, it is also not wise to be living separately from your husband, so I relocated to join my husband and have no regrets so far. I am not saying one can’t excel living in Nigeria. However, the international exposure my relocation has given me as a DJ is indescribable and on a personal note, it has really helped me to expand my horizon about life and living. Differences and similarities being a DJ in Nigeria and in the United States There is no difference really, it’s all about wooing the crowd in the first place. The major differences are the audience; we listen to more of contemporary homegrown music here and a bit of foreign sounds but Americans are beginning to love Afrobeat, especially 80s to 90s Afrobeat music. Reggae is still their first choice when it comes to music. What makes me unique I will say my creativity and consistency. Above all, nothing beats seeing a hot lady mixing good music with finesse and proficiency. I am good at what I do so I am different from the rest. I also use my platforms to showcase upcoming acts. I appreciate raw talents and good music. I find joy helping others, that’s how you can get the best out of struggling people when you motivate them by amplifying their little efforts. My upcoming projects I am dropping a new single featuring South Africa-based singer, Kosere, very soon. I have songs in the pipeline with Pepenazi, Slimcase and a host of others too but I am just taking my time. I will update my beloved fans in due course. Role models? No other person than DJ Jimmy Jatt. I adore and love him beyond what words can express. Advice to upcoming DJs First of all, you have to be sure the art is your calling. You must love it more than life itself. Keep on trying, do not lose focus. Believe in yourself and above all, be prayerful.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Umar assumes duty as EFCC acting boss THERE was confusion on Wednesday over who steps in as acting chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), as the Director of Operations in the commission, Mohammed Umar… Read Full Story VP Osinbajo Denies Receiving N4billion From Magu Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has described online reports claiming that embattled acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu, gave him N4billion as false and baseless fabrications… Read Full Story Hard Currencies Found In My House Are Gifts, Ex-NNPC GMD, Yakubu, Tells Court The Former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Andrew Yakubu, on Wednesday, told the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja that the $9.7 million and £74, 000.00 the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) found in his Kaduna residence in 2017, were part of… Read Full Story Ondo 2020: APC Caretaker Committee Sticks To Indirect Primary The All Progressives Congress (APC) caretaker committee led by Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni, has upheld the decision of the dissolved National Working Committee of the party which adopted indirect option as the mode of primary to produce its standard-bearer in Ondo State, ahead of October governorship… Read Full Story What Nigerians Must Know About Bubonic Plague —Experts Bubonic plague, caused by bacteria and transmitted through flea bites and infected animals, is one of the deadliest bacterial infections in human history. In this report by SADE OGUNTOLA, experts review possibilities of bubonic plaque re-curring in Nigeria and how best an individual can get protected from it… Read Full Story Number Of Candidates Jostling With Okonjo-Iweala For WTO Top Job Increases To 7 Eight candidates are now jostling for the top job at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), seeking to convince its 164 members they can steer the body through intensifying global trade tensions and rising protectionism, Reuters reported on Wednesday evening… Read Full Story Fraud: Magu Must Face Prosecution, Says PDP The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) after reviewing the reported circumstances surrounding the investigation of the indicted acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, has demanded his prosecution… Read Full Story Police arrest herbalist, others linked to Ibadan killings THE Special Adviser to the Oyo State governor on Security, CP Fatai Owoseni (retd), on Wednesday, declared that peace would now reign in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state as those responsible for the rape and killings in communities across the local government had all been arrested… Read Full Story Ivory Coast PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, Dies After Cabinet Meeting Ivory Coast’s PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, has died after falling ill at a ministerial meeting, BBC reports. The 61-year-old had been chosen as the ruling party’s candidate for October’s presidential election after Alassane Ouattara said he would not seek a third term in office… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Must These Floods Continue To Wreak Havoc? OVER the past couple of months, as the rainy season has set in, floods have caused deaths and extensive damage to property in different parts of the country. In Kwara State, at least three people were reported dead and others missing when a bridge embankment collapsed in Oko-Erin, Ilorin, the state capital… Read Full Story Club For Restructured Nigeria Welcomes Obasanjo: SNC Before 2023 Elections THE call for restructuring Nigeria has been the subject of discourse by many stakeholders who, over the years, have lent their voices – heard and unheard – towards revisiting the institutional, socio-economic and political structure of Nigeria. Without a doubt, diverse reasons exist for the call for restructuring Nigeria… Read Full Story Child Sexual Abuse And Psychosocial Wellbeing In Adulthood Child sexual abuse is a widespread problem that is, unfortunately, associated with stigma, shame and a tendency to secretly push under the carpet. Thus, in most instances, it often goes unreported. The family of the victim may also wish to avoid the societal stigma and public humiliation if it were to become common knowledge… Read Full Story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!