The Northern Governors’ Forum has expressed shock over the sudden death of Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot, Flying Officer, Tolulope Arotile who died following an accident in Kaduna. Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau and Chairman of the forum said this in a condolence message by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham on Thursday in Jos. He described the late pilot as a promising officer, who demonstrated a high sense of loyalty, patriotism and diligence in her service to Nigeria particularly in maintaining peace and security. ALSO READ: Tech-U DVC to chair Oke Ogun Poly governing board Lalong said the testimony of the officer’s bravery in the field of combat, especially towards stopping the activities of bandits and terrorists in Nigerians would remain indelible in the history of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) and also in the hearts of Nigerians. He condoled with Arotile’s family, NAF, the Government and people of Kogi and the entire Northern states over the sad incident, while praying that God would receive her soul and grant her eternal rest. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the deceased was commissioned into NAF in September 2017 after being a member of Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) Regular Course 64. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Reps to investigate mass resignation of 365 soldiers THE House of Representatives has resolved to investigate the purported voluntary resignation of 365 soldiers from the Nigerian Army. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), this resolution followed a unanimous adoption of a motion of Matters of Urgent Public Importance by the Chief Whip of the House… Read Full Story COVID-19: Nigeria Confirms 463 New Cases, Total Now 33,616 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Tuesday, announced that the country has recorded 463 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.