Ayodele Aguda, popularly known as Mc Shem, is a comedian, compere and content creator who rose to prominence through his comical character, Mama Shem. In this interview with SEGUN ADEBAYO, he speaks about how social media has become the new gold mine, the inspiration behind his skits and how he is pushing through the pandemic, among other issues.  On popular app, Tiktok, you have amassed close to four million followers in less than a year. How did you manage to become the most followed in Nigeria? As in every business, one should do a business analysis by observing trends and what makes ventures successful. This was exactly what I did with my Tiktok account. I checked pages of those who were already big on the platform and I applied everything the creators were doing on their respective pages to mine. This wasn’t in terms copy and paste or stealing their ideas, it was about technicalities.  What have been your ups and downs so far in the comedy industry? The downturns in the comedy industry aren’t personal to me. It’s what many comedians experience. Sometimes, you are so good at what you do, but people won’t pay you your worth or appreciate your talent accordingly because your face isn’t out there, because you are not in the big movies or because you didn’t perform at a particular show. Another one which is quite funny and which many people talk about is the issue of people saying they pay back with exposure. They could ask you to anchor a big event for free because an uncle who is a politician would be there and would get to see you. I will say one should put in the work, your work will expose you.  You were already a standup comedian being featured on notable shows. Why did you embrace social media? I am still a standup comedian. However, social media gives me the platform to own my own world to amass my own following and create my own wealth. I can remember having to go to several auditions only to get a ‘waka pass’ role. However, social media gave me the opportunity to create content and attract thousands and millions of viewers. For instance, I have over 51 million views on YouTube as of June 2020. I also have close to a billion views on Tiktok. Imagine if I were to be waiting for an audition or a big acting gig on TV when I could actually grow my own viewers.  Can you give us an insight into your background? I wasn’t born with a silver spoon. However, I read about people who had it rougher than I had growing up but made something out of their lives through dint of hard work. For a family of six – mother, father and four children – we grew up in a one-bedroom apartment popularly called ‘face-me-I face-you’. At a point, a cousin joined us to make seven. Now that I am older, I realise these experiences helped shape me and still motivate me to put in my best every single day and to make the best out of my life. At some point, I shot my video, edited, subtitled it and did everything myself because of my determination. This is what I tell people, you might not be able to afford to pay for certain services when you start out, learn to do those things yourself.  How has the COVID-19 pandemic affected you as a creator? That’s the good thing about social media. I have actually made more money this (lockdown) period because you have more people at home to consume your content. Nonetheless, I have some projects that are on hold due to the pandemic because of the safety of my staff and our team members. I hope this pandemic end soon so I can explore new ventures and put out better content.  What is your big dream? That will be to ultimately have my own studio where we can have several productions ranging from comedy to serious drama. I hope to be able to have productions and contents that meet up with international standards. Most importantly, I hope to be able to inspire youths to follow their dreams and help as many children as possible through school through my foundation, Shem Foundation.  Can you tell us more about this foundation? Shem Foundation is an initiative that helps children by providing educational materials for them. Through the foundation, we have been able to give back to three schools in the Makoko area of Lagos State. We had to travel on water to access two of the schools. The water was black and dirty, the environment wasn’t conducive and above all, the students didn’t have adequate learning materials. Visiting that community opened my eyes. I have to do more, God helping me. I am passionate about education and I am passionate about children, even now that I am a father.  What is that thing most people don’t know about you? Unlike how I seem to be all out there online, I actually like my personal space. I can be indoors for weeks or longer. You might not know my next move.  How much do you make from social media? I won’t put a figure to it publicly, but it is enough to cater for our needs as a family and have something to also help those in need around us. Honestly, there is so much money in social media, I personally make money across all the platforms through which I engage my audience. If I haven’t earned from social media, I would have been one of the doubting Thomases who didn’t believe a blogger could buy a house in Banana Island. Let me tell you social media is the new gold mine!  Like many comedians admit, did poverty bring out your potential? Poverty will bring out the creativity in any individual either good or bad because it’s about survival. I personally wanted to go into drama but when I got to the university, I knew I had to find a way to make money since I got very little from home. I told myself if I would go into drama, I would have to join a fellowship on campus to showcase my talent. With comedy, people would not only see my talent but also would get to pay me. I was able to join the train of the erstwhile Ondo State governor, Olusegun Mimiko, during his electioneering where I got to entertain people even while I was a student.  What advice do you have for young people out there? Do not let anybody tell you that you are not enough. Do not wait for the weather to be perfect before you sail and have it in mind that nobody owes you anything, not even your parents. Stand up and create the life you dream of.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too
SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu
National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt
ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo
An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story ‘My Wife Slapped Me, Poured Hot Water On Me ‘Cos I Told Our Daughter To Stop Bleaching, Wearing Trousers’
“She refused that I have a say in the home. She fights me for correcting our eldest daughter who is bleaching her skin and wearing trousers. She once slapped me for beating our fourth child and at another time poured hot water on me during a scuffle… Read Full Story Organ Harvesting Industry Booms In Lagos As Probe Deepens
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives doubled down on its probe of alleged human organ harvesting business in Nigeria and the movement of the harvested organs abroad. Officials of government were quizzed, with a promise to invite another top official, the Comptroller General of Customs, for further questioning… Read Full Story What Afonja’s Rebellion Did To Yoruba Unity —Alaafin
The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi, in this interview by TUNDE BUSARI speaks on the unity of Yoruba people, why they are always in songs, and also on the subject of death in Yoruba world view… Read Full Story Ambassador Campbell’s Curious Defence Of Buhari’s Corrupt Aso Rock Cabal
Dr. John Campbell, America’s former ambassador to Nigeria from May 2004 to July 2007, wrote a June 24 opinion article titled “Nigerian Media’s Unsubstantiated Claims that U.S. Agencies Investigating Corruption by Buhari’s Inner Circle” for the Council on Foreign Relations (where he works as a Senior Fellow for… Read Full Story I Faked My Own Kidnap To Avoid Being Raped Again By My Uncle —21-Yr-Old Undergraduate
A few days ago, 20-year-old Patience Emmanuel Kushi, an undergraduate of the Bauchi State University, Gadau, was reported kidnapped by unknown persons. The young woman, who was living with her uncle, was said to be on her way to her father’s house when she was reportedly abducted at a location between Kafin… Read Full Story My 89-Yr-Old Husband Throws Condoms He Used On His Girlfriends In My Face, 60-Yr-Old Wife Tells Court
A 60-year-old Zambian woman, Astridah Bwale alleged that her husband, Rodrick Mwale, 89 years old had no respect for her and that he threw used condoms in her face when he came back from having sex with… Read Full Story I Don’t Enjoy Sxx
I do feel a very sharp pain below my abdomen any time I have sxx and I do cry a lot. Sometimes, I won’t be able to continue the s3x because of the pain. I have never enjoyed having s3x for once… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.