The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has distributed palliatives to the Persons Living With Disabilities in Kwali Area Council Abuja, during the weekend. Speaking at the event, the Honourable Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq, through her Special Assistant on Persons with Special Needs, Hon. Danjuma Attah, stated that the distribution of the palliatives is a continuation of the Federal Government effort of Covid-19 outreach to the Persons living with disabilities which was flagged off on May 9, 2020, at Karmajiji disabled community. She added that the distribution of the items is in line with the directives of President Muhammadu Buhari to ease the effect of Covid-19 lockdown order on the vulnerable especially the Persons Living with Disabilities. 540 bags of palliatives each containing; 5kg vegetable oil, 10kg of rice, 5kg of semovita, 10pcs of spaghetti, 1 carton of Indomie, and 1 wrapper, were distributed to 540 beneficiaries. The Minister also encouraged the beneficiaries to fully participate in the ongoing N-power registration, noting that President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the inclusion and special consideration for the People Living with Disabilities in the National Social Investment Programme (NSIP), this is first of its kind in the history of Nigeria, he said. In his remarks, the chairman Kwali Area Council, Hon. Danladi Chiya who was represented by the Kwali Area Council Secretary, Mallam Bako Pai expressed their gratitude to the Federal Government for the kind gesture. He stated that President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration has been doing well in supporting the vulnerable Nigerians and persons living with disabilities, especially during this Covid-19 lockdown. He expressed optimism that these items will go a long way in supporting the livelihood of the beneficiaries during this period. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.