A student of the Caleb British International School, Lekki, Lagos State, Toluwalase Oseni, has been declared as the winner of the 2020 World Scavenger Hunt Award at the recently concluded competition. The event, an annual global entrepreneurial competition, which took place virtually on Zoom platform this year, had 55 teams from the United States and other countries as participants, with Master Toluwalase Oseni winning the Scavenger Hunt Award out of the eight awards available at the event. The award was established in 2012 by the University of Delaware, USA, to identify entrepreneurially talented high school students and teams with project ideas on issues that affect their generation. According to the programme coordinator, Diamond Challenge, Mrs Rachel Strauss, for the winner to emerge in the challenge, each of the finalists were assessed on their level of critical thinking, creativity and leadership qualities. Mrs Strauss further explained that prior to the emergence of the winners in the eight award categories, all the finalists had undergone a four-week special e-training by some upwardly mobile entrepreneurs from around the world in order to be exposed to different skills to succeed as entrepreneurs before the submission of their pitch deck and video presentation of their ideas to the judges. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: Voting commences in PDP primary She stressed that with the award, Master Oseni has been appointed into the carefully selected 22-member (Students Advisory Board) of the Horn Entrepreneur Department of the University of Delaware, USA, which has 22 high school students (one from Africa, Master Toluwalase Oseni; one from Asia and 20 from other parts of the globe) as members. The award comes as the Caleb British International School, Lekki is still relishing the 2020 David Shepherd first prize award at the Global Canvass Children’s Art competition held at the National History Museum in the United Kingdom, and as Nigeria’s representatives at the 2020 edition of the Global Diamond Challenge competition for JETS Clubs in Delaware, USA, having won the Nigerian edition of the competition. In his remarks on the honours brought to the school, the director, Caleb Group of Schools, Dr. Ola Adebogun, commended the students for making him proud with their consistency of excellent performance in all competitions, as well as in the West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) and Cambridge-conducted examinations. He attributed the achievements and enviable record of the school to God, the quality of staff and infrastructural facilities in the school. Dr Adebogun assured Nigerians that the school’s management and staff would continue to ensure they constantly strive to sustain the schools’ success story, as well as uphold a culture of encouraging the students to aspire to greater heights and be the agents of change in the society. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE