Kano State executive council has approved the sum ofN2.3 billion for the provision of critical infrastructure at the proposed site for the development of Inland Dry Port at Zawachiki in Kumbotso local government area of the state. The state commissioner of information, Comrade Muhammad Garba, while briefing pressmen on Saturday on the outcome of the weekly council meeting which held at Africa House, Government House, Kano, said the council also revisited the issue of the light rail project and revalidated the N 1 billion aspects of design works earlier approved in 2017. According to him, the council equally approved the amended external loan of N684.1 million Euros for the project. Malam Garba announces the council’s approval for the establishment of Kano state Anti – Corruption Institute as part of the administration”s effort to strengthen its fight against corruption. The commissioner further revealed that the sum of N429.24 million has been okayed for the 2020 Routine Immunization Work Plan. Approval has also been given for the release of the sum of N11.34 million for the conduct of Batch ‘C’ N-Power enrolment exercise to be coordinated by the Office of the Secretary to the State Government (SSG). During the council meeting, which is the 12th into the second tenure of the administration of Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, also deliberated on the Report of the COVID-19 outbreak response. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.