Malaysian Health Ministry on Wednesday said the country had not recorded any new case of COVID-19 local transmissions. Health Ministry Director-General Noor Hisham Abdullah said in a statement that one new imported case had been detected, a Malaysian national returning from Turkey. “It has been four months since the first case of second wave of COVID-19 cases in Malaysia reported on Feb. 27. “For the first time, today, Malaysia recorded the lowest daily COVID-19 cases during the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. “More importantly, there are no cases of COVID-19 reported to be infected from inside the country, local transmission, among Malaysians and foreign nationals.’’ The ministry said the total number of cases in the country was 8,640 of which 144 were active cases. It added that among the active cases, four were being held in intensive care units and two of those were in need of assisted breathing. ALSO READ: Facebook frustrates advertisers as boycott over hate speech kicks off According to the ministry, another 21 cases have been released, bringing the total cured and discharged to 8,375 or 96.9 per cent of all cases. No new deaths had been reported, leaving the total deaths at 121 the ministry added. However, Education Minister Mohd Jidin said primary school students in fifth and sixth grade and secondary school students would open on July 15, while remaining primary school students would return on July 22. This is after schools for middle schools senior grade students proceeded to operate on June 24. Government offices and private preschools and kindergartens have also reopened. Jidin added that tuition centres would be allowed to open as well, starting July 15. More sectors are opened, including spas and massage centres, cinemas, theatres, indoor live events and swimming pool activities. The Malaysian government has also allowed social events like wedding receptions, engagement ceremonies, religious events, birthday and anniversary celebrations to be held, beginning in July. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.