A former chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo State, Chief Dan Orbih, speaks with KOLA MOHAMMED on the chances of the party in the forthcoming governorship election in the state.  YOU already have your candidate and looking at what is happening in the whole of Edo, he seems to have public support. How well is your party preparing for the governorship election? There is no doubt that we have been able to put in place all our structures that will deliver the candidate at the election. And don’t forget that the grassroots have always embraced the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo State. We currently have two senators and members of the House of Representatives. It shows that we are very much ready and poised to deliver the candidate and that will actually crown our efforts to ensure that all the states in the South-South region of the federation are under the umbrella of the PDP. It will be a springboard for the party to win the next presidential election.  You campaigned vigorously for the current All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate in 2016. How are you going to face him now that he is your opponent in the coming election? That is history. My business at the next election is to canvass support for the PDP candidate, Godwin Obaseki, at the next election. The APC candidate is the candidate of APC. I don’t have any business talking about how he is going to campaign. My primary concern is with the candidate of the PDP. And we are going to rally support for him to ensure that he wins the election. One critical issue that has been the subject of not just the forthcoming Edo State is godfatherism which also brought about the current scenario in Edo State.  As a veteran politician and grassroots support person, how do you view the issue of godfatherism in our politics and do you think it augurs well for our political development? All I can tell you is that what is at stake today is quite interesting, especially as it affects Edo State. However, the issues before us are about good governance and what our candidate will bring to bear in the lives of the people. I won’t waste my time discussing imaginary godfathers which I don’t think have any place in the hearts of our people. What we need now is the governor delivering on his promises to Edo people so that they can continue to enjoy good things of life. Godfather or no godfather has no role to play right now in the lives of our people. We need development and that is what the people on the streets are seeing. They don’t need godfathers.  Do you think Governor Obaseki will deliver on the promises during this second term more than the previous term? The governor is in a party that is well-grounded and concerned about delivery of promises. And I can tell you that party will support him to ensure that his efforts to deliver on his promises to Edo State are fruitful.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story ‘My Wife Slapped Me, Poured Hot Water On Me ‘Cos I Told Our Daughter To Stop Bleaching, Wearing Trousers’ “She refused that I have a say in the home. She fights me for correcting our eldest daughter who is bleaching her skin and wearing trousers. She once slapped me for beating our fourth child and at another time poured hot water on me during a scuffle… Read Full Story Organ Harvesting Industry Booms In Lagos As Probe Deepens On Wednesday, the House of Representatives doubled down on its probe of alleged human organ harvesting business in Nigeria and the movement of the harvested organs abroad. Officials of government were quizzed, with a promise to invite another top official, the Comptroller General of Customs, for further questioning… Read Full Story What Afonja’s Rebellion Did To Yoruba Unity —Alaafin The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi, in this interview by TUNDE BUSARI speaks on the unity of Yoruba people, why they are always in songs, and also on the subject of death in Yoruba world view… Read Full Story Ambassador Campbell’s Curious Defence Of Buhari’s Corrupt Aso Rock Cabal Dr. John Campbell, America’s former ambassador to Nigeria from May 2004 to July 2007, wrote a June 24 opinion article titled “Nigerian Media’s Unsubstantiated Claims that U.S. Agencies Investigating Corruption by Buhari’s Inner Circle” for the Council on Foreign Relations (where he works as a Senior Fellow for… Read Full Story I Faked My Own Kidnap To Avoid Being Raped Again By My Uncle —21-Yr-Old Undergraduate A few days ago, 20-year-old Patience Emmanuel Kushi, an undergraduate of the Bauchi State University, Gadau, was reported kidnapped by unknown persons. The young woman, who was living with her uncle, was said to be on her way to her father’s house when she was reportedly abducted at a location between Kafin… Read Full Story My 89-Yr-Old Husband Throws Condoms He Used On His Girlfriends In My Face, 60-Yr-Old Wife Tells Court A 60-year-old Zambian woman, Astridah Bwale alleged that her husband, Rodrick Mwale, 89 years old had no respect for her and that he threw used condoms in her face when he came back from having sex with… Read Full Story I Don’t Enjoy Sxx I do feel a very sharp pain below my abdomen any time I have sxx and I do cry a lot. Sometimes, I won’t be able to continue the s3x because of the pain. I have never enjoyed having s3x for once… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.