GOVERNOR Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State on Wednesday broke the jinx when he inaugurated the construction of the abandoned 14-Bay Bailey Bridge across Nyama river linking Umuogo and Umuagba Amechi Uno/Obeagu communities in Enugu South Local Government Area of the state, amidst jubilation. The former governor of old Anambra State, Senator Jim Ifeanyichukwu Nwobodo, who spoke during the inauguration of the bridge, expressed his greatest gratitude to Governor Ugwuanyi for constructing the bridge for his community on his own initiative and without being any prompted, saying it has wiped his tears. Nwobodo said that he was delighted that Governor Ugwuanyi has actualized the long-held dream of his community, a feat that past governors could not accomplish. Senator Nwobodo who was accompanied to the event by his wife, Patricia, also commended Governor Ugwuanyi, for entrenching peace and good governance in the State. He pointed out that the existing peace in the state has brought security and rapid development, especially in the rural areas, saying: “Thank you (Ugwuanyi) for this great honour you have done to me. I thank you for wiping away my tears”. “Since 1999, I have never been to Enugu and stayed for more than two weeks. But since this governor came, I have been in Enugu for the past six months because of the peace he has entrenched”, he noted. Inaugurating the bridge in the company of the General Officer Commanding 82 Division of the Nigerian Army, Major General Lasisi Adegboye, Senator Nwobodo, his wife and other dignitaries, Governor Ugwuanyi stated that his administration was compelled to construct the bridge because of the need to unlock the tremendous opportunities for the benefitting communities in line with the state government’s rural development agenda. The governor disclosed that his administration “made a deliberate choice of awarding this project to 82 Division Army Engineers owing to their rich history of competency in the delivery of resilient Bailey Bridges”, adding that “the event of today evidently justifies this procurement decision.” According to him, “this project dovetails into the integrated rural development agenda of our administration; enhancing connectivity and access to homes/businesses/communities as well as stimulating commerce/economic growth in the benefiting communities.” Ugwuanyi who recalled that his administration had in its first tenure completed 11.5km of the asphalted road network in Enugu South LGA that is already in use, stated that “our administration further commits to improving the approach roads to this Bailey bridge after the rainy season.” He, therefore, implored the residents and all users of the bridge and other roads to avoid unnecessary physical damage to them to ensure their durability. Earlier in his speech, the Supervising Engineer of the bridge construction, Brig. Gen. Samuel Bitrus, expressed special gratitude to Gov. Ugwuanyi for giving the Nigerian Army the opportunity “to be partners in your developmental strides for the benefit of the people of Enugu State, particularly the Amechi community and the entire humanity in general”. Brig. Gen. Bitrus explained that the “Bailey Bridge is a 14-Bay steel deck bridge of Single Truss Single Storey (SS) configuration and a class 16 Military Load Capacity (MLC/Tons) bridge”. He further explained that “the entire bridge is supported by the substructure made up of the home/far bank abutments and an intermediate pier built to specification with 6-8m deep piling work to guarantee stability capable of withstanding any volume of a downpour.” He, therefore, on behalf of the Chief of Army Staff, Lt General TY Buratai, congratulated and appreciated Gov. Ugwuanyi for “attaching importance to linking up communities in dire need of infrastructure through projects such as this one, so much so that he is here to commission this project himself.” The contract for the construction of the bridge abandoned since 1999 was awarded to the 82 Division of the Nigerian Army Engineers by the Enugu State Government.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Umar assumes duty as EFCC acting boss THERE was confusion on Wednesday over who steps in as acting chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), as the Director of Operations in the commission, Mohammed Umar… Read Full Story VP Osinbajo Denies Receiving N4billion From Magu Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has described online reports claiming that embattled acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu, gave him N4billion as false and baseless fabrications… Read Full Story Hard Currencies Found In My House Are Gifts, Ex-NNPC GMD, Yakubu, Tells Court The Former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Andrew Yakubu, on Wednesday, told the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja that the $9.7 million and £74, 000.00 the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) found in his Kaduna residence in 2017, were part of… Read Full Story Ondo 2020: APC Caretaker Committee Sticks To Indirect Primary The All Progressives Congress (APC) caretaker committee led by Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni, has upheld the decision of the dissolved National Working Committee of the party which adopted indirect option as the mode of primary to produce its standard-bearer in Ondo State, ahead of October governorship… Read Full Story What Nigerians Must Know About Bubonic Plague —Experts Bubonic plague, caused by bacteria and transmitted through flea bites and infected animals, is one of the deadliest bacterial infections in human history. In this report by SADE OGUNTOLA, experts review possibilities of bubonic plaque re-curring in Nigeria and how best an individual can get protected from it… Read Full Story Number Of Candidates Jostling With Okonjo-Iweala For WTO Top Job Increases To 7 Eight candidates are now jostling for the top job at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), seeking to convince its 164 members they can steer the body through intensifying global trade tensions and rising protectionism, Reuters reported on Wednesday evening… Read Full Story Fraud: Magu Must Face Prosecution, Says PDP The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) after reviewing the reported circumstances surrounding the investigation of the indicted acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, has demanded his prosecution… Read Full Story Police arrest herbalist, others linked to Ibadan killings THE Special Adviser to the Oyo State governor on Security, CP Fatai Owoseni (retd), on Wednesday, declared that peace would now reign in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state as those responsible for the rape and killings in communities across the local government had all been arrested… Read Full Story Ivory Coast PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, Dies After Cabinet Meeting Ivory Coast’s PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, has died after falling ill at a ministerial meeting, BBC reports. The 61-year-old had been chosen as the ruling party’s candidate for October’s presidential election after Alassane Ouattara said he would not seek a third term in office… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Must These Floods Continue To Wreak Havoc? OVER the past couple of months, as the rainy season has set in, floods have caused deaths and extensive damage to property in different parts of the country. In Kwara State, at least three people were reported dead and others missing when a bridge embankment collapsed in Oko-Erin, Ilorin, the state capital… Read Full Story Club For Restructured Nigeria Welcomes Obasanjo: SNC Before 2023 Elections THE call for restructuring Nigeria has been the subject of discourse by many stakeholders who, over the years, have lent their voices – heard and unheard – towards revisiting the institutional, socio-economic and political structure of Nigeria. Without a doubt, diverse reasons exist for the call for restructuring Nigeria… Read Full Story Child Sexual Abuse And Psychosocial Wellbeing In Adulthood Child sexual abuse is a widespread problem that is, unfortunately, associated with stigma, shame and a tendency to secretly push under the carpet. Thus, in most instances, it often goes unreported. The family of the victim may also wish to avoid the societal stigma and public humiliation if it were to become common knowledge… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK