The Taraba State Command of the Department of State Security Service (DSS) on Friday paraded a 45-year-old Ishaya Adamu Jonathan for parading and defrauding people in Gombe, Adamawa and Taraba states that he is a very senior officer of the service. The Taraba State Director of the Department of State Security Service,​ Alhaji Bashir Abubakar while briefing newsmen in Jalingo said Ishaya Adamu Jonathan was arrested in Ambairi hotel along Donga road in Jalingo, the state capital. He noted that the​ suspect was hibernating in the hotel with his purported wife who was discovered to have married with deceit. The Taraba​ state Assistant State Director of the Department of State Security Service, S.A Balogun, who read the text on behalf​ of the state Director lamented that Ishaya has deceived the public that he had undergone several operations for the service which he claimed earned him accelerated promotion to the rank of Assistant Director. He informed that he lied to his victims including his​ purported wife that he was recently transferred from Gombe to Nassarawa state. “He was telling the lies in order to apparently cover up his fraudulent identity from his acclaimed wife and the general public. One of the recent victims of the suspect was a 55-year-old, a divorcee and mother of four who he met in Gombe state early this year and proposed a marriage laced with deceit. The marriage was purportedly solemnised by a mallam in Yola, Adamawa State in the absence of the affected woman ” he said. According to him, Jonathan who was hitherto a Christian claimed to have converted to Islam and now bears Shaibu Adamu in order to fulfil one of the conditions offered as a prerequisite for the marriage. He informed that it was discovered to have made away with several belongings of the purported wife to an elusive matrimonial apartment in Jalingo. He maintained that the suspect deceitfully collected the woman’s Honda Odyssey vehicle with a promise to buy her a brand new Toyota vibe car when received his leave allowance and other packages from the service. “He later turned the vehicle to a commercial venture,​ traversing Bauchi and Gombe states while deceiving the woman that he was at his new duty post in Nassarawa command of the service and was not released to visit her because of the Covid-19 pandemic,” he noted. The service warns in strong terms that persons out there who are involved in this kind of atrocities should desist forthwith as such person or persons shall be dealt with within the ambit of the law if caught in the act.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story Buni Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Akande In Osun The national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Ma Mala Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with the former interim national chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints More Ambassadors To Correct Imbalance President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors in a move to address complaints about the recent appointments of 41 non-career ambassadors… Read Full Story FG Converts All Govt Hospitals In FCT To COVID-19 Sample Collection Centre The Federal Government has converted all the government hospitals in FCT, Abuja, to COVID-19 sample collection sites, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Thursday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read Full Story AFDB, WTO, Others Seek Measures To Support Trade Finance In Developing Nations The African Development Bank (AFDB), the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and other financial institutions (MDBs) are collaborating to support trade finance in developing nations in a bid to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 on their economy… Read Full Story $1bn Cloned Account: We Welcome House Of Reps Investigations ― NPA Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority reiterated the non-existence of… Read Full Story Petrol Price Hike, Imposition Of Hardship On Nigerians ― PDP Opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the new petrol price hike from N123 to N143.80 as the imposition of hardship on Nigerians by the ruling All Progressives Congress… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Collapse Of Public Waterworks IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.