The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, on Wednesday, warned officers of the force, to embrace professionalism as the law demands as well as shun illegal arrest, extrajudicial killings, torture and extortion in the country or face unforgivable sanction. Adamu, made his feelings known through the Assistant Inspector General Police (AIG), in charge of Zone 13, Mr Danmalam Mohammed, during a media briefing to commence activities at the Zone Headquarters, Ukpo, Anambra state. While appreciating the State Governor, Willie Obiano’s giant strides in the area of security, the AIG urged police officers posted to the zone to ensure that effective policing is brought closer to the people. One of the community leader in the area and a business mogul, Prince Arthur Eze, on his part during the parley, expressed happiness that people of the area will no longer go through the burden of transporting themselves to Umuahia, Abia State for their cases. He enjoined the police to shun what they called heartlessness, brutality, unwarranted arrest or excessive and illegal use of force against civilians. Arthur Eze further harped on the need for police to shun intimidation or verbal abuse and false allegations among other acts of victimization and enjoined the citizens to see the police as friends of the civilians. While commending IGP Adamu for the new inaugurated zone in his state, he called on President Mohammed Buhari to site more infrastructural facilities that would uplift the living standard of the people of the zone. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE