UNITED Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) says the drug crisis in Nigeria is disturbing, as the crisis is getting worse due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its socioeconomic consequences. UNODC’s country representative, Mr. Oliver Stolpe, who spoke at the MTN/ Business Digital Dialogue with the theme, “Better Knowledge for Better Care,” to commemorate the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking said there has been a greater drug use among poor people as a coping mechanism due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Stolpe stated that 51 per cent of respondents of a recent poll by UNODC and UNICEF which involved 90,000 youths confirmed that they knew somebody that had used drug during the past year According to him, “More than half, basically, of all the youths living in Nigeria seem to be exposed to this experience of knowing at least someone who uses drugs and also half of the respondents said drug use had gotten worse at the advent of COVID-19. Only 30 per cent felt drug use either stayed the same or decreased. “That also dovetailed into what we observed at the international level of the crisis: in terms of greater drug use among poor people as a coping mechanism. We saw a trend towards a more risky type of drug use, in particular injecting drug use.” Stolpe, quoting a drug use survey in 2019, said over 14 million Nigerians (15 years and above) had used drug at least once the previous year and  three million Nigerians live with a drug use addiction that needs treatment in order to be able to tackle the issue. Minister of Sports and Youth Development, Mr. Sunday Dare, in a keynote address, said the ban on codeine in Nigeria has not really achieved the intended effect as many youths turned to the use of tramadol and other substances. The minister, represented by Mr Tunde Aina, Director, Special Duties, Federal Ministry of Sports and Youth Development, declared that increasing use and involvement of youths with drugs in Nigeria is worrisome and a major threat to national development, family stability and social security. Dare said a multipronged approach to tackling the problem would require having a good appreciation of risk factors associated with drug abuse and spread, developing school drug abuse prevention programmes at primary and secondary schools as well as the use of the media to reach the larger communities on drug abuse prevention messages. Chairman, MTN Foundation, Julius Adelusi-Adeluyi said MTN’s Anti-Substance Abuse Programme (ASAP) commenced in 2018 because of the urgency of the problem and the need to achieve a Nigeria free of substance abuse. He stated that drug abuse should be prevented from reaching an emergency level, especially with the advent of COVID-19. Adelusi-Adeluyi said Nigerians should imbibe the slogan that says it is easier to keep off drugs than to get off drugs when you are hooked. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.