Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu said schools in the state will now resume come August 3, 2020, but quickly stated that the resumption order is only for those in SSS 3 and Tech III. This was just he said that religious and worship centres in the state remained closed, while bars and spars as well were to remain closed. The governor said this at a media briefing on Friday, which took place at the State House, Marina, pointing out that the decision was arrived at after a meeting with stakeholders in the education sector. “We just finished a very long meeting with various stakeholders in the education sector. That is what has kept us for the past two hours. And so, for the avoidance of doubt, students impacted by this directive would be in the transitional class of JSS 3, SSS 3 and Tech III, the technical schools three as well,” he said. Sanwo-Olu, while insisting that the resumption affects only SSS 3 and Tech 3 students in the first instance, said that the state government would wait for another one or two weeks and see how the situation looked like before allowing the rest students to resume the session. He, however, said the order to resume come August 3 applied only to day schooling, declaring that no boarding activity of any sort was permitted at this time. “The commencement date for this would be from Monday, August 3, 2020. SSS 3 and Tech 3 will start. But for JSS 3, we’ll wait for another one or two weeks and we’ll see how we’ve taken the first set of Tech 3 and SSS 3 before they now subsequently would open. “This permitted opening would apply only to day schooling; no boarding activity of any sort is permitted at this time,” the governor said. “School authorities are expected to spend this period, between now and August 3, to be able to prepare themselves well and get the right directives from our ministry of education and the quality assurance office under the ministry of education,” he added. Speaking further, Governor Sanwo-Olu, declared that students in tertiary institutions would continue to enjoy their online academic activities, pending the decision taken on physical resumption. “I know that some of them are also conversing with us on if some final year students would be allowed to have physical opening. That modality, we’re still working on it with them, but the online teaching that has started at the tertiary institutions will continue,” he said. The governor, while maintaining that curfew in the state remained between the hours 10 pm to 4 am, said social and event centres were to remain closed, declaring that no mass gathering for burials, weddings should be more than 20 people, while sports facilities within residential estates can open with not more than 20 people as well. The governor, however, directed that businesses willing to open should register with the State Safety Commission on www.lasgsafetyreg.com, even as he urged Lagosians to take personal responsibility by wearing a face mask, saying that facilities operators should ensure that entry was allowed to whoever failed to put on his or her face mask.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story Buni Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Akande In Osun The national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Ma Mala Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with the former interim national chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints More Ambassadors To Correct Imbalance President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors in a move to address complaints about the recent appointments of 41 non-career ambassadors… Read Full Story FG Converts All Govt Hospitals In FCT To COVID-19 Sample Collection Centre The Federal Government has converted all the government hospitals in FCT, Abuja, to COVID-19 sample collection sites, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Thursday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read Full Story AFDB, WTO, Others Seek Measures To Support Trade Finance In Developing Nations The African Development Bank (AFDB), the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and other financial institutions (MDBs) are collaborating to support trade finance in developing nations in a bid to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 on their economy… Read Full Story $1bn Cloned Account: We Welcome House Of Reps Investigations ― NPA Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority reiterated the non-existence of… Read Full Story Petrol Price Hike, Imposition Of Hardship On Nigerians ― PDP Opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the new petrol price hike from N123 to N143.80 as the imposition of hardship on Nigerians by the ruling All Progressives Congress… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Collapse Of Public Waterworks IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.