The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) has urged the Federal Government to take the war against corruption seriously and prosecute all public officeholders indicted in accordance with the law of the land. CUPP said there should be no sacred cow in the fight against corruption if the nation should be rid of this cankerworm that has eaten deep in the fabric of the country. CUPP in a statement issued by its Chairman, Contact and Mobilization Committee Member, Steering Committee, Reverend Olusegun Peters said for long President Muhammadu Buhari has been handling corruption issue with kid’s glove which resulted in an escalation of corruption cases in the country. “For long the President Muhammadu Buhari government has tackled corruption with a kid’s glove which resulted to the escalation of corruption cases in the country including the suspended EFCC acting chairman, Ibrahim Megu who is currently facing investigation. “From the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation to the Niger Delta Development Commission, through the National Social Investment Programme that disbursed billions of naira curious palliatives including feeding students at home during the lockdown, the nation stinks of corruption,” the statement said. The statement, however, noted that CUPP called for the establishment of a special court to try corruption-related matters. “It will accelerate the trial of those indicted of corrupt practices as justice delayed amounts to justice denied. The era of prosecuting public officeholders charged with corruption for over 12 years is unfair, unjust, unacceptable, despicable and justice juxtaposed. This will not happen if a special court is established to handle corruption-related matters as time is of the essence. Justice must be done and seen to have been done to avoid corruption fighting back with looted funds,” CUPP added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE All Nigerians Should Get Tested For COVID-19  – PTF The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has recommended testing of all Nigerians as a way to track the prevalence of coronavirus infection and understand how to tackle it… Read Full Story  Staff Retrenchment: NDDC IMC Snubs Senate Panel The cold war between the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and the Senate Committee on Niger Delta Affairs took a new twist on Monday as the management of the Federal government intervention agency declined appearance before the latter… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.