THE Federal Government has embarked on industry-wide cost-containment measures to strengthen the oil and gas sector in order to cushion the effect of COVID-19 pandemic on the economy. According to the News Agency of Nigeria  (NAN), Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Mr Timipre Sylva, said this on Thursday at the Seplat Energy Summit  2020 to mark its 10th anniversary. The summit had as its theme: “Business Sustainability and Strategic Leadership in Africa”. Sylva, who was a special guest of honour at the virtual summit, said the government had embarked on aggressive capital allocation to priority projects with low cost of production. According to him, some of the measures are renegotiation of contracts to achieve a minimum of 30 per cent cost reduction,  downward renegotiation of all contracts and other business obligation. He said that government, through the Nigerian  National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) had rolled out strategies to achieve $10/bbl unit operating cost without jeopardising growth. Sylva also said that the government had embarked on diversification of portfolio to non-oil businesses to cushion the effect of the future crash in crude oil price. “We have declared this year 2020 as “the year of Gas” and have commenced the National Gas Expansion Programme (NGEP). “On Jan. 16, we inaugurated an Inter-agency Committee saddled with the responsibility of coordinating our concerted efforts to ensure the penetration of domestic utilisation of LPG, encourage auto Liquefied Petroleum Gas, Compressed  Natural Gas and Liquefied Natural Gas for the domestic market. “This will drastically reduce the massive outflow of the nation’s foreign exchange currently being expended in the importation of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS),” he said. Commenting on COVID-19 and Nigerian Oil and Gas industry,  Sylva said the pandemic had caused a demand-supply imbalance, revenue declined due to low oil price as well as a decline in demand of crude oil due to the global lockdown. He added that the pandemic had caused pressure on Nigeria crude oil selling price due to supply glut and lack of buyers and production uncertainties due to refineries shutdowns in major refining centres across Europe and Asia. “The huge revenue lost due to sheer drop in oil price arising from supply-demand imbalance has significantly impacted the Nigerian economy due to budget deficits and delivery challenges, project slippages, job losses in the private sector. “Going forward, we foresee that global upstream investment will continue on the declining trend and recovery is likely to come beyond 2022. “In the US, total oil rig count declined significantly from 678 rigs in March 2020 to 287 rigs in June  2020,” he stated. The minister, however, commended the management and entire staff of Seplat for the phenomenal achievements and remarkable successes in the Nigerian oil and gas sector. “It is worthy to state here that SEPLAT was awarded some divested assets based on the Federal Government’s aspiration to develop indigenous capacity in the Nigerian Oil & Gas sector about 10 years ago. “And over the past 10 years, Seplat has recorded monumental achievements and have grown to become a leading independent upstream Oil and Gas company in Nigeria,” Sylva said. He called on other indigenous oil and gas companies to emulate the company’s footsteps for enhanced growth and development.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE