An educationist, Mr Tope Fasua, on Thursday emerged as the candidate of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State and would fly the party’s flag in the October 10 governorship election. Dasha emerged as the party’s candidate after two other contestants, Mr Festus Owolola and Otunba Bamidele Oduwale, withdrew from the race. Speaking during the affirmation of Fasua as the party flagbearer in the forthcoming governorship election, the National Vice Chairman, South West, of the party, Mr Bade Falade, said the two aspirants stepped down before the contest. He explained that eight delegates were accredited from each of 18 local government area of the state to elect SDP candidate. He said “Fasua emerged as our candidate for the Oct. 10 election when the other aspirants stepped down for him. “Having met all the guidelines of our party, Mr Peter Oyeleye Fasua is hereby returned elected as the candidate of SDP for the Ondo State governorship election,” he said. The National Vice Chairman charged members of the party to work Fasua, to ensure victory for the party in the election saying the SDP has become a formidable platform to win the election in the state. In his acceptance speech, Fasua appreciated the delegates and other aspirants for believing in him to be the party flag bearer for the Oct. 10 governorship election. “Ondo State has what it takes to be one of the best states in the country but due to the bad government, something has not gone well in the state. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Ekiti prosecutes 150 face mask violators in three days “For this coming election, we shall win with the cooperation of the party’s members and the people of the state. “SDP is in the race to bring good dividend of democracy to the people at the grassroots,” he said. Other national leaders in attendance were state chairmen of Ebonyi, Edo, Ogun, Kogi, Rivers, Osun, Lagos, Delta, Adamawa and Akwa-Ibom. Meanwhile, the National Vice Chairman has said there was no division in the Ondo State chapter of the party and saying the party is waxing stronger to save the country from the current security and economy challenges. “For avoidable of doubt, we as a party, we are here to fulfil the righteousness to elect our own candidate that will bear the flag of the party for the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. “Let me use this opportunity to let the people of the state know that as a party we are one, there is no form of faction or iota of destruction within the party. “SDP is one in Nigeria and in Ondo State, there is no division in SDP and we are ready to win the Oct. 10 governorship in Ondo State. “Prof. Tunde Adediran is the party National Chairman and other officers are helping him to move them forward and in Ondo State, we have a caretaker committee in place headed by Dele Ogunbameru,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE