THE global pandemic will significantly retract all global efforts on the commitment to SDG -5to “achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls”. The economic consequences will be far-reaching, most likely to cause much severe and lasting economic damage than any recent economic crisis. Subsequently, deepening the inequality index across the globe. Whilst this looming recession will disproportionately impact on the income and employment of both men and women, its impact on women will be even more lasting post COVID-19. Thus, leading to a major global economic downturn that presents significant implications for gender equality. Evidence from the Ebola crises suggests that the impact of an outbreak on the economy can be devastating and long-lasting. What we must also understand is that,the global pandemic is not to be compared to the Ebola crises or any other global crises as the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic is distinct in several ways. Let me give you a few insights, Covid-19 has greatly disrupted global value chains, which account for more than two-thirds of world trade, and disruptions are likely to continue as countries restrict economic activity to control the spread of the virus. The shutdown will disrupt the manufacturing sector, small and medium-sized businesses that participate strongly in global value chains. Also, manufacturers of durable goods, will not be spared. The World Trade Organization predicts that merchandise trade is expected to decline by between 13% and 32% in 2020. According to the World Bank and IMF, the large drops in demand for and prices of oil and industrial metals will cause serious economic harm to countries that export these commodities. Whilst agricultural production is currently not hugely affected by the pandemic, however, the World Bank cautions that agriculture and food security are also at risk of disruption.The predicted economic downturn is likely to result in millions of people falling below the $1.90/day international extreme poverty line. The general prediction is that poverty levels will deepen. Without significant action, 2020 could see the first annual increase in poverty levels since 1990. The impacts of Covid-19 on employment are likely to be severe, with anywhere between 5 million and 25 million jobs lost along with labour income of US$860 billion to USD$3.4 trillion. Similarly, small and medium enterprises, and workers in the informal sector will be hit particularly hard. Women and girls’ face higher risk of the economic consequences of this raging pandemic. Women and girls are particularly vulnerable to economic hardship, as they are generally in more precarious employment than men, they bear a greater burden of unpaid care work which limits their economic participation, and they suffer increased incidences of gender-based violence during crises. In the home front, women and girls typically take on disproportionate burdens of unpaid care work which prevent them from taking on income-generating work. They perform 76% of the total hours of unpaid care work, more than three times as much as men, and during public health crises, care burdens increase to include caring for the sick, for vulnerable elderly family members, and for children.  The UN projects that the Covid-19 global recession will result in a prolonged dip in women’s incomes and economic activities. The global pandemic has resulted in the shutdown of schools and educational institutions. According to a UNESCO report, 1.6 billion children across 191 countries have been severely impacted by the temporary closure of schools, a good number of the girls. School closures will further widen the inequality gaps as more girls are at risk of not returning to school post-COVID-19. Today, our world is not only confronted by a pandemic, which challenges our global, national and regional health systems, it also challenges our choices, questions our assumptions and confronts our reality. As nations struggle to get the situation under control, one wonders if the whole experience would push us to begin to look at more creative ways to collectively rebuild our economy beyond Covid-19. At this moment in history, particularly in Sub Saharan Africa (SSA), women and girls’ ought to be put at the centre of all efforts to recover from the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic. Clearly, women spend two to ten times more time on unpaid care work than men. This unequal distribution of caring responsibilities is linked to discriminatory social institutions and stereotypical gender roles. Unpaid care work is both an important aspect of economic activity and an indispensable factor contributing to the well-being of individuals, their families and societies. More than ever before, the contribution of caregivers to the economy ought to be recognized and valued. It’s a missed opportunity to continue excluding women in positions of leadership, decision making, economic and national development. Therefore, the commitment of women in national development should not be undermined by merely engaging in gender-based debates juste pour le plaisir. Visible steps must now be taken to ensure that credit and loan facilities are mainly targeted at small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) owned by women, more funding should be allocated to girls’ education and women literacy programs.Additional opportunities should be opened for women to grow their business, as women experience more difficulties gaining access to loans and finances to start up their business due to lack of collateral and/or other gender related discriminatory practices. Evidence suggests that women and girls’ face higher risk of the economic and educational consequences of this raging pandemic. Women with small businesses are already seeing a drop in their daily incomes. In the home front, women and girls typically take on disproportionate burdens of unpaid care work which prevent them from taking on income-generating work. They perform 76 per cent of the total hours of unpaid care work, more than three times as much as men, and during public health crises, care burdens increase to include caring for the sick, for vulnerable elderly family members, and for children. Today we are confronted with a global pandemic, the impact of the pandemic poses fundamental questions that beg for answers: will the global pandemic open new ways of thinking, particularly, in the ways our traditional societies position women and girls, or will it further deepen existing inequalities? The COVID-19 crisis has unlocked new ways of ‘re-thinking’ about our societies, so, we must ‘unlearn’ our old ways in other to ‘learn’ news progressive ways of achieving a gender-equal society -no more missed opportunities! Dr Ebubedike writes in from the United Kingdom. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.