The Bank of Industry (BOI) says it is reviewing its strategy to ensure continuous support for enterprises, especially those hard hit by the COVID-19 pandemic. Specifically, it is deepening penetration in agro-processing, food processing, technology, healthcare and pharmaceuticals to stimulate economic recovery and growth. The bank’s managing director, Mr Kayode Pitan, who disclosed this at a webinar on overcoming business challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, said it is an additional response to the significant changes in the global and local operating landscape. Shortly after the outbreak of the pandemic, the bank responded with a number of measures to reduce the economic impact on customers. Among them, the bank reduced interest on its direct line of credit by 2 per cent for one year from April 1, 2020, to March 31, 2021; granted a three-month moratorium on principal repayment to all beneficiaries of the BOI Fund from April 1, 2020, to June 31, 2020; with the option to extend by up to 12 months for customers with proper justification on a case by case basis. For loans issued under the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) intervention programme and in line with a CBN directive, the bank reviewed interest rate downwards to 5 per cent per annum, with a 3-month moratorium. Also, the bank worked with the Nigerian Content Development Management Board (NCDMB) to reduce interest rates on credit facilities approved under the Nigerian Content Intervention Fund from 8 per cent per annum to 6 per cent per annum, including the extension of the moratorium period. More directly, BoI made financial contributions to the relief efforts of governments and the organised private sector. At the webinar, Mr Pitan noted that Nigeria, like many countries around the world, is not immune to the economic headwinds created by the COVID-19 pandemic and has therefore been impacted with a revenue shortfall and the fear of possible recession; low investor confidence; downgrade of credit ratings and difficulty in funding social intervention programmes due to reduced revenue projections. He said many of the SMEs are expected to have challenges staying operational due to cash-flow constraints, and that will likely increase unemployment, reduce productivity and increase social tensions. Looking ahead, Pitan said the bank is reviewing further sectoral peculiarities and extent of the impact of the pandemic on areas such as manufacturing, oil and gas, cinemas/entertainment and hospitality for the development of tailored long-term palliatives, increasing business advisory support for given current headwinds, and deliberately seek out alternative countries for future sourcing of raw materials and equipment. He added that BoI would also proactively engage its international lenders given the current headwinds and ensure availability of needed funding to support planned developmental support. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.