Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti, (ABUAD) has procured multi-million naira smart temperature measurement and disinfectant channels for the screening of students and visitors to the institution as part of measures to stop the spread of COVID-19. A statement by the Head, Corporate Affairs, Mr Tunde Olofintila revealed that the university purchase, “three units of Smart Temperature Measurement & Disinfectant Channels (one at the University’s Main Gate, one at the Multi-system Hospital Gate and the other in front of the University’s Administrative Block, The White Rock) with eight others on the way. When they arrive, they will be installed in front of the various Halls of Residence in the University. “The Smart Temperature Measurement & Disinfectant Channels have thus beefed up the earlier equipment such as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) machine, COVID-19 Test Kits for Antigen Testing, RNA Extraction Kits, Nasopharyngeal swab sticks and liquid medium, Biosafety Cabinet, an Isolation Centre and other accessories like Micropipettes procured by the university.” ALSO READ: Lagos conducts over 42,000 COVID-19 tests as 177 die On the reason behind the procurement of the Smart Temperature Measurement & Disinfectant Channels bearing in mind the retinue of other multi-million Naira equipment and facilities already put in place to checkmate the pandemic, ABUAD Founder & Chancellor, Aare Afe Babalola. Speaking on the new equipment, the founder of the university, Chief Afe Babalola, SAN said the measures were necessary to check the influx of people infected with the virus into the university. According to him, “To us in this university, we believe that prevention is the best cure. Since COVID-19 is an imported disease, we are doing everything humanly possible to prevent anyone with the virus from coming into our premises. We in ABUAD believe that we can avoid the virus completely.” Explaining the modus operandi of the Smart Temperature Measurement & Disinfectant Channels, Babalola said: “On stepping into any of the screening channels, the first thing it does is that it takes the person’s temperature. If the temperature is below 38 degrees, the words “You are welcome” automatically come from within the Channel. One will then proceed to use hand sanitizer and go into the main channel where one’s body will be sprayed with sanitizer.” He added: “On the other hand, if one’s temperature is above 38 degrees, the Channel will make some loud noise to alert the person and those around that all is not well with the person. This machine is a marked improvement on all others before it.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints Pam As Christian Pilgrims Commission Executive Secretary President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC)… Read Full Story Appeal Court Upholds Yahaya Bello’s Election As Kogi Governor The Court of Appeal, Abuja Division on Saturday affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the duly elected governor of Kogi State… Read Full Story MFM To Begin Another 30 Days Prayer Retreat The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has directed that members extend the ongoing 30 Days Prayer Retreat which marks the third session… Read Full Story 109,823 N-Power Beneficiaries Now Business Owners ― Minister The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, says no fewer than 109,823 beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme are now business owners… Read Full Story Who Flies APC Flag In Ondo? EXCEPT for the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) handles the primary election or selection of its candidate for the Ondo State governorship election carefully, the party in the state may be heading towards another round of crisis similar to the one that engulfed it in Edo State recently which may cause it to… Read Full Story No Difference Between PDP, APC —Olateru-Olagbegi Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party… Read Full Story VOICE OF COURAGE:  E No Finish? The controlling leadership of ACN got a casual job in 2015 and took it like a mega-contract. They did more than a month’s job for a day’s pay. They pawned everything in exchange for nothing. All core values were thrown away. The ancient landmarks of the fathers were set aside. Many of the icons in the land were… Read Full Story GIBBERS: Buhari Isn’t Judiciary’s Messiah (1) In the last 12 years, salaries of Nigerian judges have not been reviewed. In a review of the development of inflation rates in Nigeria between 1979 and 2019, by World data, the average inflation rate was calculated at 19.2 per cent. Now, hold your breath. The report added “overall, the price increase was 80,304.39 per cent… Read Full Story Threatened Cooperation! Cooperative Societies In The Cloud Of COVID-19 ALL over the world, especially in Third World economies, one of the platforms through which peoples’ common business dreams and financial needs are crystallised is the cooperative society. A cooperative society is simply a voluntary association of individuals who have come together to pursue their economic goals… Read Full Story COVID-19: The Church And The New Order The Church is just one of the institutions that have been caught in the heat of the coronavirus pandemic following the ban on public gatherings for about three months as a way of controlling the spread of the virus by the federal and state governments… Read Full Story 40 Years After, Ayinla Omowura Remembered With Album As part of the activities to mark the 40th year anniversary of the exit of Apala icon, Waheed Ayinla popular as Ayinla Omowura, an album entitled ‘Anigilaje has been released in his honour… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.