Following the heavy downpour on Tuesday, residents of many communities within Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Wednesday took stock of the damages caused by flooding in their communities and expressed appreciation that the effect was not as devastating as the one experienced in previous years. Residents of Kute, Kumapayi, Bode Wasinmi, Baale quarters and Olodo Garage among others were thankful that though there was flooding in some parts of the communities; no lives were lost, attributing the improvement in their situation to the recent dredging of rivers in their communities. Nigerian Tribune’s tour of the affected areas indicated that many of the streams and rivers around areas vulnerable to flooding had been dredged by the Ibadan Urban Flood Management Programme (IUFMP) in the last three weeks in a proactive step to reduce effects of flooding. Speaking with Nigerian Tribune, the Chairman of Ifesowapo Kute Landlords association in Kute area of Lagelu Local Government Area, Pastor Akinyemi Olusegun Amos stated that though many homes were affected in Kute area, they are grateful that the intervention by the state government through IUFMP helped to mitigate the devastating effect. “We have been suffering from flooding for years, indeed, it had always been devastating but this year, it is different. Though many homes were still affected and properties damaged, it is still better than previous experiences and we can only thank the government and the agency that worked on the river. They just dredged this last month, if not for the dredging; this is not what we would be saying, things would have been worse. I can say it was a timely intervention. “We however also want to appeal to the government to help us find lasting solutions to this our problem because it seems all the water from Akobo and Akala way is channelled towards our area here, Kute has two river sources and we are always having problems during the heavy rain. We appeal to the government to also help dredge the other rivers so that we can have respite,” he said. Nigerian Tribune gathered that these areas were known to be susceptible to flooding and they had been living with this challenge year in, year out. In most of the areas, houses were built on waterways while most construction didn’t make provision for a drainage system. Speaking on the flooding incident, the chairman of the Oyo State House of Assembly Committee on Environment and Ecology, Honourable Olusola Adewale Owolabi representing Ibadan North Constituency 2 who led his team including the Majority Leader, Honourable  Sanjo Adedoyin from Ogbomoso, to the flooding sites said the recent dredging helped the state, commending the IUFMP for a job well done. “We have gone round and found that if not for the dredging that IUFMP has done in the past few weeks, the effects of yesterday’s flooding will have been more devastating and it would have had a more terrible effect on Ibadan and the state. We thank God for the government, World Bank and majorly for IUFMP because they are doing a great job. It is when we moved round that we found that if not for IUFMP things would have been terrible. We also found that no life was lost, there was no casualty as a result of yesterday’s flooding “The dredging being done by IUFMP is a continuous one and they are still on it but in those sites that we visited today, the five we saw today were executed well. Though there is a site at Kumapayi where the dredging needs to be done again and widened because all that was done have been destroyed by flood,” he said. Also speaking, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources, Dr Bashir Olanrewaju said, “We are fortunate to have started the dredging exercise.  From some of the sites, you will discover that had we not done dredging on the rivers, by now, maybe we would have had casualties and fatalities because even with what we did, some rivers still overflew their banks. “We are fortunate that lives were not lost especially at Kumapayi, we discovered that the extent of the overflowing of the bank by the river was massive but the community leaders were still appreciating the government for dredging the river. The consultants, contractors and IUFMP team had done a very good job because they were thorough. I am saying that the dredging sites were well executed, we can only appeal to the contractors to do more and fast track because Nimet already warned that there will be heavy rains, seven times higher than what Ibadan experienced in 2019 this year. “We are just going to the peak of the heavy rains. I appeal to the communities also that streams and drainage systems are not meant to be sued as dumpsite because it blocks water path. Also, people should stop building on flood plain because that is tantamount to sitting on top of gun powder while at the same time playing with fire,” Dr Olanrewaju said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.