No fewer than 12 cultists of four different cult groups have renounced membership of their cult groups in Delta, an official has said. CSP Ebere Amaraizu, the National Coordinator of Police Campaign Against Cultism and Other Vices (POCACOV), said this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Enugu. Amaraizu said that the renunciation was done at Ughoton Community near Orerokpe in Okpe Local Government Area of Delta on Thursday. He said that the repentant cultists were members of Aye, Vikings, Eiye and Ozuola cult groups. The POCACOV national coordinator said that they embraced peace by renouncing their membership and offering to work for the growth and development of the society. Amaraizu said that the event was witnessed by some heads of security agencies, dignitaries in the area and Ambassador Austyne Emu of the Anti-Cult Volunteer Corps and a POCACOV Ambassador in the state. “The Anti-Cult Volunteer Corps in partnership with POCACOV and other relevant bodies in Delta State like the State Anti-Cult Unit (SACU) will keep working together and ensuring that the society is rid off of cultism and other vices. “POCACOV will continue to use advocacy, awareness creation, sensitisation and re-orientation in line with tenets of community-oriented policing to reach out to misguided youths,’’ he said. Reacting, one of the repentant cultists, Mr Godday Monday, thanked the Inspector General of Police for the opportunity given them through POCACOV. “We have promised not to go back to cultism. It is clear to us that cultism is darkness in action,’’ Monday, who spoke on behalf of other repentant cultists, said. NAN reports that POCACOV is an initiative of the Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, meant to prevent youths from joining cultism. The initiative offered an olive branch to repentant ones with a view of re-orienting them and making them better citizens. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.