Following the emergence of Governor Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN) as the flagbearer of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the forthcoming gubernatorial elections in Ondo State, one of the contestants in the primaries, Chief Bukola Adetula, has sent his congratulations to the governor, expressing that his support for the party remains unflinching. Adetula in a statement said, “I congratulate my brother and co-parishioner, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), as well as our great party, the All Progressives Congress Ondo State chapter on his emergence as our flagbearer at the just concluded Governorship primary exercise. As an aspirant in the exercise, which was a family affair, I have chosen to accept the outcome in good faith as no such exercise is perfect in any clime. I consider the victory as a victory for all party members and not only for Governor Akeredolu alone. “I call on our dear governor to birth a new order in our party by bringing all warring factions together as all hands must be on deck at this critical time to win the general election and jointly build the Ondo State of our “dream,” he said. ALSO READ: DSS boss gets unruly, slaps airport worker over COVID-19  screening Adetula also expressed his appreciation to everyone that stood by him and believed in his vision I am greatly in your debts. He said, “For all your love, support, prayers, encouragement and great financial support, especially by family and friends across the United States and Nigeria, words fail to capture the essence of my deep appreciation. You have all proven that you, my beautiful people are the worthy garments that adorn me. “This deep and sincere appreciation is borne out of my quest to become the governor of my dear Ondo-State. To accomplish this, my wonderful and indefatigable Bibire campaign team members worked arduously, traversing the length and breadth of the state, as well as other parts of Nigeria, even at odd times. What can I say to you all, but to keep thanking you for being a great part of this journey; I have resolved to continue contributing my quota to the development of my dear state, a commitment which remains unshaken. “I am positive and resolute that my dream of facilitating real growth and development in Ondo State shall be accomplished one day. Dear brothers and sisters, not winning is no failure, but the true meaning of failure is not trying. And the day we stay in our corner, accept and validate a destiny that oppresses humanity is the day that irredeemable failure begins. In my heart, I have the joy of victory because my love for Ondo State has won and this supersedes any game-plan or Achilles heel,” Adetula said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE