President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the immediate, compulsory, and indefinite suspension from Office of the Managing Director/Chief Executive of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF), Mr Adebayo Somefun. Also suspended along with him are three executive directors and eight other management staff. Somefun was replaced by Dr Kelly Nwagha, the General Manager of the Health, Safety and Environment Department, who is the most senior General Manager in the Fund, as the Acting Managing Director/Chief Executive. A statement signed by the Deputy Director/Head (Press and Public Relations), Ministry of Health, Mr Charles Akpan, said the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has accordingly approved and directed that Dr Nwagha, should immediately assume the position of Acting Managing Director/Chief Executive. The statement read: “Their suspension from Office arose from the preliminarily established prima facie infractions on the extant Financial Regulations and Procurement Act, and other acts of gross misconduct. “During the period of their suspension, the suspended Officers are to face a joint Board and Audit Investigative Panel that has been set up to look into the financial and procurement breaches, as well as gross misconduct in the NSITF for periods of 2016 to date, which have invariably put the contributions of stakeholders in a perilous state.” ALSO READ: EFCC tells court how ex-Lagos State Scholarship Board Secretary allegedly diverted N127m The affected officers have also been directed to hand over to the most senior Officers in their respective Departments. The Executive Directors are therefore to hand over to the most senior General Managers, while the Managing Director will hand over to the most Senior Officer in the Fund. Other suspended executive directors are; Mr Jasper Ikedi Azuatalam, Executive Director, Finance and Investment; Mrs Olukemi Nelson, Executive Director, Operations, and Alhaji Tijani Darazo Sulaiman. Executive Director, Administration. The Management Staff affected are; Mr Olusegun Olumide Bashorun, General Manager, Administration/Human Resources/Maintenance; Mr Lawan Tahir, General Manager, Finance; Mr Chris Esedebe, General Manager, Claims and Compensation and Mr Olodotun A. Adegbite, Deputy General Manager, Investment and Treasury Management. Others include; Mr Emmanuel Enyinnaya Sike; Deputy General Manager, Finance and Accounts; Mrs Olutoyin O. Arokoyo, Deputy General Manager/Acting Head, Legal; Ms Dorathy Zajeme Tukura, Deputy General Manager, Administration, and Mrs Victoria Ayantuga, Assistant General Manager, Internal Audit. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, has accordingly approved and directed that Mrs Temitope Akinwale, FCA, a fellow of Institute of Chartered Accountants, and Regional General Manager in charge of the Ibadan Region should take charge as General Manager in charge of Finance and to concurrently oversee the Office of the Executive Director of Finance and Investment as the Acting Executive Director. Barrister (Mrs). Maureen Allagoa, FIPM, also the Regional General Manager in charge of Port Harcourt Region moves to NSITF Headquarters as General Manager in charge of Administration, Human Resources and Maintenance and to concurrently oversee the Office of the Executive Director of Administration as Acting Executive Director. Mr Baba Ma’aji Kabir, General Manager of Administration and Maintenance moves to the Enforcement Department while concurrently overseeing the Office of the Executive Director of Operations as the Acting Executive Director. The statement read: “All the appointments are with effect from Monday, 6th July 2020 and will last until further notice. The Minister has also charged the Chairman of the Board – Mr Austin Enajemo Isire, FCA; FCII; to take charge, in order to ensure that the Investigative Panel commences work as soon as possible and for the Board to facilitate the smooth running of the Fund by creating the enabling environment and all the necessary staff adjustments and movements, in order to guarantee that services by staff to the Contributors do not in any way suffer.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.