A 45-year-old man, identified as Jonathan Ukonwe, was on Wednesday sentenced to 30 days imprisonment by an Osogbo Magistrate Court for failing to wear a face mask and resisting arrest. Ukonwe was docked before the court on a three-count charge bordering on resisting arrest, deliberate refusal to wear nose mask and assault. The convict pleaded guilty to two count charges of resisting arrest and failure to wear a ,face mask, while he pleaded not guilty to the assault of one Meshack Funmilola of Hunters Group of Nigeria currently working for Amotekun Corps. Presiding Magistrate Opeyemi Badmus convicted and sentenced Ukonwe to 30 days imprisonment on the two counts or pay N15,000 fine. However, he admitted him to bail on the third count of assault with the sum of N500,000 with two sureties in like sum. Meanwhile, the police prosecutor, Mr Abiodun Fagboyinbo, had earlier informed the court that the convict committed the offence on the 1st of July 2020 at about 10:30 am around Olaiya junction area, Osogbo. He explained that the convict deliberately resisted arrest after he disobeyed the constituted authority by refusing to wear facemask in the public thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 203 and 249(D) of the Criminal Code Cap 34 Vol.ll Laws of Osun State of Nigeria 2002. He also alleged that he also assaulted one Meshack Funmilola F of Hunters Group of Nigeria by beating her up while performing her lawful duty on the enforcement of the use of facemask and thereby committed an offence contrary to (2 ) and punishable under section 356 (2) of Criminal Code Cap 34 Vol. Il Laws of Osun State of Nigeria 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.