A Payment Company, Western Union has partnered with an insurance company, AXA Mansard in the provision of inclusive insurance to customers. An initial pilot, called ‘Transfer Protect’, launched this week in France with AXA Partners, offers Western Union’s customers sending money through the option of seamlessly signing up for a life and disability insurance solution. Speaking during the launching ceremony held recently, President and CEO of Western Union, Hikmet Ersek said that the partnership is a novel strategy of facilitating value-added services to millions of customers, adding that AXA’s strategy aligned with theirs He added that the platform will provide peace of mind as payments will be made in the advent of unforeseen contingencies. Ersek, however, noted that the aim of the collaboration is to serve low income to mass market populations by accelerating the development of adapted and relevant insurance and protection services. ALSO READ: JUST IN: 21 feared dead as boat capsizes in Benue “This new partnership will provide a new way for us to facilitate value-added products and services to the millions of immigrants and dual-belongers. “AXA is a worldwide leader whose financial inclusion strategy is well-aligned with ours, and we are excited about the opportunities that our collaboration presents. “This will help provide peace of mind to the migrant population knowing that their designated family members or loved ones will receive a payment in case of an unfortunate life or disability event. “This business aims to serve low income to mass market populations by accelerating the development of adapted and relevant insurance and protection services. “For Western Union, this is a new step in their customer-centric strategy to enrich the value it provides to customers by integrating adjacent financial services seamlessly through its global omnichannel platform. “Our customers around the world trust Western Union with their most important and complex money transfers,” he said. Speaking also, The Chief Executive Officer, AXA Mansard, Thomas Buberl stated that the company is committed to providing inclusive insurance, a business with high social impact. Thomas expressed excitement towards leveraging Western Union’s extensive network and trusted brand to reach its global customer base, thereby bringing accessible, relevant and affordable protection to those who need it most It would be recalled that AXA Mansard Insurance Plc recently announced a Gross Written Premium (GWP) of N21.08 billion as at March 2020 up by 21% from N17.42bn in same period in 2019 in its unaudited financial report 2020. The company’s Net Premium Income also grew N8.25 billion, up 39% from N5.95bn in March 2019. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts
MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno
The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.