The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has apprehended three people who allegedly used bank details obtained through SIM swaps and Automated Teller Machines (ATM) for fraud. According to the statement from the Makurdi zonal office of the anti-graft agency,  a 36-year-old security guard,  Michael Damhindi; Chidi Emmanuel Aniekwe, 32, and Terhemba Iorhen, 35, were arrested at North Bank area, Makurdi. ALSO READ: N33bn laundering: Mompha’s case adjourned till July 10 According to the statement given by the suspects, their modus operandi was to station themselves around the ATM machine to help those who want to withdraw money. Upon arrest, items recovered from them include one  Mazda millennia car, 31 ATM cards of different banks bearing different names, 10 smartphones,  nine Nokia phones, two laptops, 16 starter sim packs, different kinds of SIM cards of various networks, one modem, one flash drive and fake currency notes. The police said that these suspects will soon be charged to court as soon as investigation is concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.