Eight passengers abducted by gunmen in Isua Akoko, in Akoko South-East council area of Ondo State, have regained their freedom after spending five days in the captivity of their abductors. The victims were said to have parted with an unspecified huge amount of money to buy their freedom as ransom. The kidnappers had demanded N100m from the families of the victims as ransom some few hours after the abduction of the eight passengers. The gunmen who were suspected to be Fulani herdsmen released the victims after a relation of one of the victims single-handedly paid the ransom on behalf of others It will be recalled that the passengers were travelling from Lagos to Abuja in a Toyota Sienna space bus when they were ambushed on the highway by the herdsmen at lsua. A family member of one of the victims, Bamidele Ojo, who confirmed to newsmen in Akure that the kidnappers contacted the family of the victims for the payment of the ransom and it was paid. Ojo declined to disclose the exact amount paid as ransom to the abductors. A Police officer confirmed that the victims have reunited with their families after their horrible experiences in the kidnappers’ den. Confirming the release of the victims, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, said all the eight victims had reunited with their families. Ikoro, however, said he was not sure if any ransom was paid or not to the abductors. He, however, assured that the detectives from the command are on the trail of the hoodlums, saying that the kidnappers would soon be apprehended and brought to book. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.