In a bid to ease incidences of fire in the state, the Anambra State Government has launched two brand new fire fighting trucks at the State Fire Service Headquarters, Awka, on Monday. Gov. Willie Obiano, who was represented at the ceremony by his Deputy Dr Nkem Okeke, said this was the first time that the Federal Fire Service would be providing fire trucks to the state since its creation. “From what I can assess, these trucks will definitely last long, I believe that these two fire trucks will make a difference in our efforts to fight fire in the state. “One truck will be positioned in Onitsha because it has been an area where we have reoccurring fire incidences and the other truck will be recalled to the state capital.’’ Managing Director, Anambra State Fire Service, Retired Air Vice Marshal Ben Chiobi said the presence of Federal Fire would add great impetus to the state in its efforts at managing fire disasters. According to him, interventions from the State Government have improved the performance of the station and firefighters in combating fire incidents. ALSO READ: COVID-19: We are on strike over poor welfare conditions ― Ekiti doctors He added that not less than 12 fire fighting trucks have been refurbished by the State Government and two new ones now added to the fleet. “This has come at a better time, especially now that Anambra State Fire Service is on a trajectory. “The state is not new to managing emergencies being that we have had our own fair share of fire-related disasters.’’ Controller-General, Federal Fire Service, Dr Liman Ibrahim, who was also represented by Assistant Controller-General, Mr Chike Agu, said the deployment of the trucks to the state was a resolution of administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure the safety of life and property of citizens. He assured that the gesture would enhance robust partnership with Anambra State Government to minimise threats of fire in the state. “For a densely populated state with not less than 60 per cent of its population dwelling in urban cities, the Federal and State Government cannot afford to treat issues of safety and security without the seriousness it deserves, he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Details have emerged of how the leader of Ibadan notorious gang, One Million Boys, Abiola Ebila, was killed on Sunday afternoon.  Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source who craved anonymity, that Ebila and his team kidnapped a middle-aged man whose name as of the time of this report could not be ascertained… Read Full Story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.