The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, has said that African youths need digital skills development for the 21st century economy. Dare said this in a webinar monitored in Abuja and hosted by the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO). The webinar focused on ‘Youth Power in Combating Mis and Dis-Information during the COVID-19 pandemic and beyond’. The meeting also reiterated the need for the deployment of the Media and Information Literacy (MIL) framework launched by UNESCO in 2011. The sports minister said that COVID-19 had unleashed the potential and creative minds of youths which leverages on technology, adding that ”technology should be harnessed and used for positive purposes more than the negatives”. “In Nigeria, we discovered that there is a digital skills gap and our youths need digital skills for the 21st century economy. “There are over 200 digital skills but for Africa’s criticality, we identified 15 to 25 skills that our youths need to position them to be effective for the digital economy,” Dare said. The minister said that the country developed Digital Skills Literacy, Entrepreneurship, Employable and Leadership (DEEL) programme as an action plan to help upskill the youths. Dare said the programme is targeted at improving the skills of 500,000 to one million youths in the next two years so that they could adapt to technology and solve problems in various sectors of the economy. He stated that the country is into collaborations with IBM and International Telecommunications Union, among other institutions, leveraging on technology for development. He, however, said that the COVID-19 pandemic had presented policy makers, countries with the opportunity to acknowledge and leverage on the potentials of youths. Mr Yao Ydo, the Regional Director of UNESCO, said that with the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, people resorted to online platforms to seek information and answers. Ydo said unfortunately, some information available on social media platforms were not credible and could mislead the public. According to him, Africa is gaining prominence in the internet space and countries need to employ the provisions of the MIL framework that recognises the functions of the media in disseminating information. He said the MIL project promotes media literacy skills and ensures best practices in analysing information. He added that in response to infodemic caused by the pandemic, UNESCO Abuja launched a survey on the perception of COVID-19 communication in West Africa and also engaged youths by calling for jingles. Ydo said that with the development in digital communication, the youths had roles to play in combating disinformation and misinformation. He hoped that the meeting would harness the power of the youths on digital technology, innovation for transformation of the African society and human development. He also called for the improvement of the current media landscape as regards COVID-19 information, media ambassadors on media literacy and youth forums that focus on their perspectives and challenges. Mr Mohammed Bangura, the Minister of Youth Affairs, Sierra Leone, said African countries should deploy the power in the huge young population for creativity and innovation. “Accumulation of knowledge is an asset in young people and if well used, leads to revolution. “Young people should be seen as assets and not liabilities, also as progressives, not a set of people that disrupt,” Bangura said. Dr Carolyn Wilson, lecturer, Western University, Canada, said the MIL framework would provide the media and journalists the ability to evaluate information and its sources. Wilson said the framework focused on news production, messages conveyed and targeted audience, adding that MIL have core principles which should be considered in information sharing using digital technology. Presentation of the survey results on the perception of COVID-19 communication in West Africa was done in the meeting. According to Mr Macaulay Olushola, National Programme Officer on Information Communication, the survey was done between April 28 and May 10. Olushola said the survey focused on eight countries which include Benin, Côte d’Ivoire, Guinea, Ghana, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone and Togo with 522 surveyed respondents.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19 As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success? Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first airplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2) Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business? Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK