The embattled deputy governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi, has written to the Ondo State Chief Judge, Mrs Olarenwaju Akeredolu, over his purported impeachment process at the House of Assembly, urging her to uphold the integrity of her office. The letter which was addressed to the chief judge and signed by the Media Adviser to the Deputy Governor, Allen Sowore, said the letter became necessary because of the role the chief judge may have to play in the removal of Agboola as the deputy governor. He said in the letter, “the founding value of our constitution is the enshrinement of the supremacy of the constitution and the rule of law. “This creates an ideal legal world, which your good office has the task of translating into reality as envisaged by the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999. In a nutshell, the calling of your office is to uphold the integrity and supremacy of the constitution. “In an ideal democracy, all power, especially state power, must be exercised under law and according to the dictates of law. If law governs power then it should be able to regulate those that are subject to it. The constitution of our country and the values in it, stand supreme – above the legislature, the executive and above all judicial officers. “Like never before, as the Chief Judge of Ondo State, the move by the Governor of Ondo State, Arakunrin Rotimi Akeredolu to remove the deputy governor, Hon. Agboola Ajayi from office through the State House of Assembly gives you a vital opportunity to uphold the integrity of Ondo State judiciary and its independence.” He said further, “This open letter is coming to you at this auspicious time because of the sacred role you may have to play in the imminent plan by the Ondo State Governor, Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, SAN to remove his deputy, Alfred Agboola Ajayi by all means possible and at all cost. The government’s position is not hidden; it is already in the public space. “It’s needless mentioning the level of desperation which Mr Governor has shown on this vexatious matter because history already has a place for his hypocritical stance in the law profession being a former President, Nigeria Bar Association (NBA). “But your lordship, you have a name and integrity to protect. The cerebral Chinua Achebe once said that: ‘One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised.’” Ajayi said, “If there’s any time the good people of Ondo State need your integrity, it’s now. And the reason is not farfetched as the governor has succeeded in compromising his party’s leadership in the state; the legislature. “However, we, the people of Ondo State, still hold this belief that the judiciary is the last hope of the common man. “Your Lordship, the point here is that the impeachment process initiated by fourteen (14) members of the ninth session of the Ondo State House of Assembly on 7th July 2020, is dead on arrival. “This is because simultaneously, nine (9) members of the same Assembly jointly signed a resolution disassociating themselves from the whole process. “The implication of the action of the nine parliamentarians is that the planned impeachment of the Deputy Governor cannot proceed beyond the signed notice of impeachment.” Referring the CJ to the constitution, Ajayi said, “For clarity, section 188(4) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria which put a stop at the process is produced below: “A motion of the House of Assembly that the allegation is investigated shall not be declared as having been passed unless it is supported by the votes of not less than two-thirds majority of the all the members of the House of Assembly. “The pertinent question therefore is, what’s the votes of not less than two-thirds majority of all the members of the House of Assembly- 2/3 of 26 is 18. “When nine (9) is subtracted from twenty-six (26) the result is seventeen (17). It is a settled principle of law ‘that one cannot build something on nothing’ as the whole edifice will collapse. “All discerning minds in Ondo State know today, that the next line of action is that the Governor in his desperation will bring into full force the enormous power and influence of his office to bear on Your Lordship to join in this illegal arrangement to oust the deputy governor. He will attempt to force Your Lordship to appoint a panel of seven persons to do the hatchet job.” He, however, appealed to the CJ and said “your Lordship, please do not compromise so that history will be kind to you. History, we say, will surely vindicate the just and the wicked will surely be punished.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Magu’s probe creates uncertainty in EFCC AS the Justice Ayo Salami-led panel probing allegations against the acting chairman of the Economic and Financial times Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, commenced its second day of sitting inside the State House Conference entre, Abuja, on Tuesday, there appeared to be uncertainty over the leadership of the commission… Read Full Story 774,000 jobs: Keyamo again disagrees with Senate as Ngige apologises MINISTER of State for Labour and  Employment, Mr Festus Keyamo, says the constitution empowers his office to supervise the execution of the Special Public Works Programme of the Federal Government. Kayano made the admission in an interview with newsmen after the Senate Committee on Labour called for a new… Read Full Story Magu Moved Back To Detention At FCID The acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, being interrogated by the Justice Ayo Salami-led presidential investigative panel, was on Tuesday, moved back to the Force Criminal Investigation Bureau… Read Full Story US Formally Withdraws From the World Health Organisation The Trump administration has formally withdrawn the United States from the World Health Organisation (WHO), breaking ties with the international health body as the country’s death toll from… Read Full Story UI VC Race Hots Up As Aderinto Submits Form Immediate Past Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Academic) University of Ibadan, Professor Adeyinka Abideen Aderinto, on Tuesday, formally joined the race to become the 13th Vice-Chancellor of the… Read Full Story FG Set To Strengthen Diversification Agenda With AKK Pipeline Project Despite global pandemic ravaging global economies, the Nigerian government continues to push for policies and projects that will strengthen its economic diversification agenda. One of such projects is the Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano (AKK) Gas Pipeline project. OLATUNDE DODONDAWA, who was in Ajaokuta, Kogi State, for the… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Controversy Over FG’s 774,000 Jobs IN recent weeks, members of the National Assembly and the Minister of State for Labour, Employment and Productivity, Mr. Festus Keyamo (SAN), have been at loggerheads over the Federal Government’s 774,000 jobs scheme under the National Directorate of Employment (NDE). Earlier in the year, President Muhammadu… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK