FOR Honourable Abass Adigun, member of the House of Representatives representing Ibadan North-East/Ibadan South-East Federal Constituency, reaching 50 years in sound health in a country where life expectancy is about 54.8 years is a thing to be thankful to God for. The lawmaker, prior to the outbreak of the Coronavirus, had intended to have a low key celebration of the milestone, by going to an orphanage to celebrate with the parentless children and doling out cash gifts to 50 underprivileged  women, instead of throwing loud parties with the high and mighty in attendance. When he hit the gold on June 28, Hon Adigun visited Winnies Castle Orphanage located in Felele, one of the communities in his constituency, to mark the day with the children of the home. The lawmaker, who took bags of rice, beans and gari, cartoon of noodles, bags and cash gift to the home, was welcomed by the children who sang, danced and prayed for him.  Thereafter, a birthday cake, which he also took to the orphanage, was cut with the children who were obviously delighted to have the lawmaker mingle with them on his 50th birthday. In his pep talk to the children, Adigun asked them to face their studies squarely, as education remains the only tool to liberate the minds from the shackles of ignorance and place them on a high pedestal in the world with enhanced socio-economic condition. “My father did not want me to go to school. I strove hard to get educated on my own and God crowned my efforts with success. I travelled out of the country to the United States where I joined the military there, specifically, the Navy. I was there for many years before the retired and returned home to participate in politics.” “Only education can make you successful and help your path in life. The fact that you are in this orphanage with no known parents should not be a barrier for you. Face your education very seriously and pray to God also. He will bring help for you. There is nothing that says you cannot be where I am today or even get higher offices,” he said. Founder of the home, Mrs Kehinde Osaro Aiyeola, thanked the lawmaker, who is popularly called Agboworin, for the choice of her orphanage, praying that the great gains would accompany his donations to the home and the children. She commended the lawmaker for his promise to regularly visit the home to donate to the needy children of the facility. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lawmaker, who retired from the United States Navy to join politics in Nigeria, and his small entourage, moved to Kobomoje area of Ibadan South-East where 50 selected women were given cash gift to mark the golden anniversary. He promised the women he would still embark on a bigger empowerment for women and widows, explaining that he selected only 50 out of the women in his constituency to celebrate his 50th anniversary. He said the cash gift was to add to the money they were using for their various businesses. Coordinated by Mrs Funmilayo Kobomoje, the beneficiaries were full of praises for Hon Adigun for considering them, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic which has kept many politicians in Abuja. The women pledged their continued support for the lawmaker, urging him to keep up the good work he has started. They expressed gratitude to the lawmaker for not letting them down with the representation he has been giving them in Abuja. They, thereafter, prayed for him and wished him well. Not done for the day, the PDP lawmaker went to Agbongbon Maternity Hospital along Idi-Arere road as part of the activities marking the day. Adigun was born at the maternity on Sunday, 50 years ago and coincidentally, his golden jubilee fell on Sunday. He settled the medical bill of a woman who was delivered of a baby girl at the maternity. The lawmaker promised to return to look into the needs of the hospital to see what he could facilitate to better it. Still in the celebratory mood, the Vice Chairman of the House Committee on Air Force, commissioned caterers, who made food and provided drinks shared to destitute at the beggars’ colony in Sabo area of Ibadan as well as Oja’ba in Ibadan South-East. Hon Adigun, at the end of the activities for the day, expressed satisfaction that he achieved what he had set out to achieve to mark his 50th anniversary. Speaking with Sunday Tribune, he emphasized that his reason for join politics was to make life better for people. “I have seen how things are done in the United States and other Western countries and it saddens me when I see the level we are in Nigeria. I don’t want to be an armchair critic, which was I decided to come home to contribute my quota to the development of the country. “It is one year since I was sworn in as a member of the House of Representatives and Vice Chairman of the House Committee on Navy. I have about 10 motions to my name and two bills are in the works. For a Johnny just come like me to have achieved this in one year, it is not a bad thing at all. Also, I have empowered youths after taking them through entrepreneurial training. I have been sponsoring free remedial classes for indigent secondary school students. I am happy to announce that one of them score above 300 in UTME, while hundreds scored above 200 pass mark. All these are in addition to my erecting gates and embarking on the construction of multimillion naira mini sport complex at a secondary school in Ibadan North-East,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too
SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu
National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt
ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo
An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story ‘My Wife Slapped Me, Poured Hot Water On Me ‘Cos I Told Our Daughter To Stop Bleaching, Wearing Trousers’
“She refused that I have a say in the home. She fights me for correcting our eldest daughter who is bleaching her skin and wearing trousers. She once slapped me for beating our fourth child and at another time poured hot water on me during a scuffle… Read Full Story Organ Harvesting Industry Booms In Lagos As Probe Deepens
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives doubled down on its probe of alleged human organ harvesting business in Nigeria and the movement of the harvested organs abroad. Officials of government were quizzed, with a promise to invite another top official, the Comptroller General of Customs, for further questioning… Read Full Story What Afonja’s Rebellion Did To Yoruba Unity —Alaafin
The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi, in this interview by TUNDE BUSARI speaks on the unity of Yoruba people, why they are always in songs, and also on the subject of death in Yoruba world view… Read Full Story Ambassador Campbell’s Curious Defence Of Buhari’s Corrupt Aso Rock Cabal
Dr. John Campbell, America’s former ambassador to Nigeria from May 2004 to July 2007, wrote a June 24 opinion article titled “Nigerian Media’s Unsubstantiated Claims that U.S. Agencies Investigating Corruption by Buhari’s Inner Circle” for the Council on Foreign Relations (where he works as a Senior Fellow for… Read Full Story I Faked My Own Kidnap To Avoid Being Raped Again By My Uncle —21-Yr-Old Undergraduate
A few days ago, 20-year-old Patience Emmanuel Kushi, an undergraduate of the Bauchi State University, Gadau, was reported kidnapped by unknown persons. The young woman, who was living with her uncle, was said to be on her way to her father’s house when she was reportedly abducted at a location between Kafin… Read Full Story My 89-Yr-Old Husband Throws Condoms He Used On His Girlfriends In My Face, 60-Yr-Old Wife Tells Court
A 60-year-old Zambian woman, Astridah Bwale alleged that her husband, Rodrick Mwale, 89 years old had no respect for her and that he threw used condoms in her face when he came back from having sex with… Read Full Story I Don’t Enjoy Sxx
I do feel a very sharp pain below my abdomen any time I have sxx and I do cry a lot. Sometimes, I won’t be able to continue the s3x because of the pain. I have never enjoyed having s3x for once… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.