Benue State Government has resolved to commence the process of establishing and delineating the boundary line between the warring communities of Okpute in Oju and Bonta in Konshisha Local Government Areas to halt the frequent communal clash. The meeting which was held by stakeholders of the two local governments yesterday at Government’ House, Makurdi and presided over by the state governor, Samuel Ortom, but represented by the deputy governor, Benson Abounu, resolved to sheathe their swords and embrace peace in the interest of peace. The meeting resolved to commence the process of establishing and delineating the boundary line between the two local government areas. The meeting noted that for peace to take root in the warring communities, it was resolved that the youth leaders from the two local government areas go home, hold meetings with their youths and ensure that attacks at each other cease and that peace is restored. ALSO READ: Senate urges police to investigate herdsmen attack on Benue communities It also noted that youths, who are at the vanguard of all the crises are further enjoined to form a joint peace committee to be co-chaired by the two youth leaders to foster better inter-community relations and peace among the people of the two local government areas. The meeting called for cooperation, constant dialogue and warmer relationships between traditional rulers from both sides to enhance better relations and peaceful coexistence. The meeting was attended by council chairmen of the two local government councils, traditional rulers, the clergy, among them His Grace, Bishop Sunday Idoko, Archbishop of Methodist Church, Nigeria, Kaduna Archdiocese, and security personnel from the two local government areas. The warring communities in Oju and Konshisha local government areas of the state had in the past two weeks engaged in the crisis leading to the killing of about eight people and the destruction of houses. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.