Federal Government on Thursday disclosed its resolve to donate 114,315 (50kg) bags of fertilizers to farmers in Kogi State. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq handed over fertilizers to the Kogi State Government for onward distribution to farmers affected by the flood, according to a statement signed by the Deputy Director, Mrs Rhoda Iliya. The Minister subsequently spot-checked the disbursement of two months Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) approved by President Muhammadu Buhari, under the Emergency Agricultural Intervention Programme for farmers affected by conflicts and flood in 2018 and the National Social Investment Programme (NSIP). According to Sadiya Farouq, 19,803 bags of fertilizers will be distributed to farmers in Ofu and Lokoja Local Government Areas of the State. “The total quantity of NPK fertilizers required after verification of the farmers is 114,315 bags of 50kg: 54,900 bags were delivered to the State. “From the quantity delivered, 35,097 bags were distributed to farmers in five Local Government Areas including Kogi (Koton Karfe), Ajaokuta, Igalamela-Odolu, Omala and Ibaji. Starting from today, 19,803 bags of fertilizers will be distributed to farmers in Ofu and Lokoja Local Government Areas. “The balance of 59,415 bags being processed by the blending plants will be delivered as soon as it is ready. “It is worthy of note that fertilizer distribution is the final phase of Federal Government assistance to the farmers to enable them to recover from the losses suffered in order to alleviate poverty and empower them. May I, therefore, use this opportunity to appeal to the beneficiaries to make the best use of the fertilizer,” she noted. ALSO READ: Kano cancels COVID-19 lockdown The Minister noted that Kogi State is an agrarian State with the citizens largely engaged in farming activities. The frequent occurrence of flood has continued to threaten this potential. “The Yearly Seasonal Rainfall Prediction (SRP) released by the Nigerian Meteorological Agency on 24th January 2020 and the Annual Flood Outlook (AFO) released by the Hydrological Services Agency, have forecasted that in Kogi State, the highly probable flood risk in 2020 will include Bassa, Dekina, Lokoja, Omala local Government Areas; while the probable flood risk areas are Idah, Igalamela-Odolu, Koton-karfe, Ajaokuta, Ofu, Adavi Local Government Areas. To this end, the Minister called on the State Government to take proactive and necessary mitigation measures in addressing these issues, adding that the Ministry has taken note of this year’s prediction and is working with stakeholders to mitigate the possible effect of such flooding. She also inspected the disbursement of two months cycle of the Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) for the months of May and June to 62,129 beneficiaries across the State. According to her, Mr President had earlier directed the Ministry to pay the beneficiaries of CCT for two months in advance at the onset of COVID-19 lockdown. This has been done in April for the months of January/February and March/April. The Ministry is currently paying for the months of May and June. On his part, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono handed over farm inputs including cashew seeds, soya beans, sesame seeds and agrochemicals to the State Government for distribution to farmers. In his remarks, the Deputy Governor of Kogi State, Chief David Onoja, who applauded Mr President’s kind gesture for supporting the farmers in the state with farm inputs and fertilizers, assured that the support will go a long way to boost agriculture and alleviate poverty. He also thanked the Federal Government for supporting the poorest of the poor in the State through the CCT programme. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.