Lead sponsor of the soon to start Big Brother Naija Season 5 reality TV show, Betway, has unveiled the host of the show, Ebuka Obi Uchendu and celebrity producer, Mavin label boss, Don Jazzy, as it’s ambassadors for this season.  Briefing the media today at an online meeting, top officials of the sports betting and entertainment company, Lere Awokoya and Chris Ubosi said that the choice of the duo was due to their huge bearing and involvement in the show. They hinted that they would bring new twists and activities to this season. ALSO READ: COVID-19: WHO donates 400,000 education materials to Yobe govt Don Jazzy, while speaking, thanked the sponsors, Betway, for bringing him on board as an ambassador and promised to, as usual, drive conversations that would keep fans his fans and the show entertained throughout the season. He also joked that he may become a fan’s favourite, and win the show. Ebuka also stressed that this season would be the best yet, urging viewers to anticipate Sunday, when the show would start. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE South-West States Declare Readiness For 2020 WASSCE Commissioners of education of the six South-West states of the country have expressed readiness to sit their respective Senior Secondary School three (SSS3) students for the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination… Read Full Story No WASSCE For Nigerian Students Now, FG Insists The Federal Government, on Wednesday, insisted that its decision not to allow the reopening of schools because of the coronavirus pandemic remains unchanged as it maintains that it is not confident about the safety of students at this time… Read Full Story You Are Making Southern Kaduna Unsafe For Development – El-Rufai Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has charged the people of Southern Kaduna to be united as the crisis in the area is portraying the place as unsafe for development and investment… Read Full Story UPDATE: Twitter Accounts Of Obama, Bill Gates, Biden, Apple, Others Hacked By Bitcoin Scammers The Twitter accounts of some of the US most prominent political and business leaders, from Barack Obama and Joe Biden to Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, were hacked Wednesday afternoon in an apparent effort to promote a Bitcoin scam, Bloomberg reports… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.