Expansion into Nigeria marks a major milestone in Honoris’ mission to provide Education for Impact across the  continent Honoris United Universities, Africa’s first and largest pan-African network of private higher education institutions, today announced its expansion into the West Africa bywelcomingNile University of Nigeria, known for its strong academic credentials and best-in-class faculties, into the network. Established in 2009, Nile University of Nigeria is a fully accredited university that offers a broad range of undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in the Arts and Social Sciences, Engineering, Law, Management Sciences, Natural and Applied Sciences, and Medical & Health Sciences. Committed to the best development experiences for its students, the university’s campus located in Abuja provides modern learning environments and high-quality facilities, including outstanding sports amenities as well as secure hostel accommodation. With the largest population and economy in Africa, Nigeria is poised to lead a new generation of African leaders and professionals. As high-quality education in public and private institutions increases in demand, Honoris is partnering with the Nile University of Nigeria to support access, quality, and outcomes while extending its world-class African human talent mandates. With Honoris United Universities, Nile University of Nigeria students will have access to diverse experiences across the entire network, including 21st century physical and digital learning environments using state-of-the-art professional technologies. Additionally, they will benefit from Honoris’ regional and international network of partners, providing opportunities for student and faculty exchanges and research programs. These experiences will support the growth of highly competitive graduates as well as contribute to the development efforts of Nigerian communities throughout the country. As Honoris United Universities marks its third anniversary, the addition of the Nile University of Nigeria to the network is a major milestone in its pan-African expansion. With a footprint that extends from Casablanca to Cape Town, and from Abuja to Tunis, the Honoris network now consists of 11 institutions in 10 countries and 32 cities, amassing significant expertise in contact, distance and online education. Its institutions are well-established authorities within the disciplines of Medical &Health Sciences, Engineering, IT, Business, Law, Architecture, Creative Arts & Design, Media, Political Science and Education. Commenting, CEO of Honoris United Universities, Luis Lopez, said, “As we welcome the Nile University of Nigeria to the Honoris family of higher education institutions, we are undertaking an important step forward in our pan-African goal of widening access to quality higher education for young people in the continent.  In light of Nigeria’s strategic importance to the development of Africa, we are pleased to be making this investment in the educational system of the country. Moreover, the high standards and the accomplishments of the Nile University of Nigeria add significant collaborative intelligence and pedagogical capabilities to our network.I look forward to the contributions Honoris United Universities and Nile University of Nigeria will bring to our communities throughout Nigeria.” Of note, Nile University of Nigeria’s medical school further strengthens the network health sciences vertical and complementstheHonoris Medical Simulation Centre in Tunis, which trains more than 3,500 students and upskills health professionals within the wider medical community. Together, these programs highlight Honoris’ focus on professions and skills relevant to the students and to the communities they will impact. About Honoris United Universities Honoris United Universities is the first and largest pan-African private higher education network committed to educating the next generation of African leaders and professionals able to impact regionally in a globalized world.  Collaborative intelligence, cultural agility and mobile mindsets and skills are at the heart of Honoris’ vision of higher education. Honoris United Universities joins the expertise of its member institutions to develop world-class African Human capital that is competitive in today’s fast-paced, demanding and increasingly digitized labour and start-up markets. Honoris United Universities gathers a community of 45,000students on 60campuses, learning centres and via on-line, in 10 countries and 32cities. The network counts 11 institutions: multidisciplinary universities, specialized schools, technical and vocational institutes, contact, distance and online institutions. Students have an opportunity to experience exclusive partnerships and exchange programs in more than 60 universities across Europe and the United States. Over 280 degrees are offered in Medicine, Health Sciences, Engineering, IT, Business, Law, Architecture, Creative Arts and Design, Media, Political Science and Education. Honoris United Universities.  Education for ImpactÒ. www.honoris.net About Nile University of Nigeria The Nile University of Nigeria is a private multidisciplinary university that offers undergraduate and postgraduate students a wide portfolio of programs across six faculties–Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences, Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, Faculty of Engineering, Faculty of Management Sciences, Faculty of Natural and Applied Sciences and Faculty of Law. The Nile University of Nigeria was founded in 2009 to provide the country’s fast-growing number of secondary school leavers with a high-quality university education.It is well-known for its academic credentials and best-in-class faculties offering 26 undergraduate programs and 36 postgraduate programs to over 3,500 students. Its 113-hectare campus, based in Abuja, offers state-of-the-art learning spaces, outstanding sports facilities (including basketball, tennis, football, volleyball and table tennis) as well as quality, secure hostels, all in a peaceful and safe environment. Nile University of Nigeria degrees are accredited by the Nigerian Universities Commission (NUC) and professional authorities such as ICANN, COREN, Council of Legal Education and Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria (MDCN). Since its inception, Nile University of Nigeria has worked to provide students with the skills and competencies they need to face the challenges of a globalized and digital world. The University has signed MoUs with 25 international universities in Africa, Asia, Europe, United Kingdom and the United States and is a Member of the Association of African Universities and West African Universities.1,700 alumni demonstrate the high quality of the institution and its academic excellence and discipline. https://www.nileuniversity.edu.ng/ Media Relations Marjorie@djembeconsultants.com (French) Nanayaa@djembeconsultants.com (English)   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos, Abuja Airports To Resume Operations From July 8, Says Minister The Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos and the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, are to resume domestic operations from Wednesday, July 8… Read Full story Economic Sustainability Plan Will Protect Weak, Vulnerable Nigerians ― Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari has affirmed that the recently developed Economic Sustainability Plan, aimed at stimulating the economy amid the COVID-19 pandemic, will extend protection to very poor Nigerians and other vulnerable groups through pro-poor spending… Read Full story COVID-19: Sultan, CAN President Declare Three Days Fasting, Prayers The President, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Reverend Dr Samson Ayokunle, in conjunction with the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar Mohammadu IV, have called for 3-day fasting and prayer (tagged NINEVEH) from Friday, July 3 to Sunday, July 5, 2020, throughout the country, to seek the face of… Read Full story FEC Okays N20.36bn Infrastructure Contracts The Federal Executive Council (FEC) in a virtual meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday approved various infrastructure contracts worth about N20.36 billion… Read Full story Reps To Quiz Customs Boss Over Alleged Export Of Human Organ Harvesting The House of Representatives on Wednesday resolved to summon the Comptroller General of Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) over the proliferation of human organ harvesting of Nigerians across the borders… Read Full story FG Not Shielding Soldiers Involved In Wadume’s Case ― AGF The Federal Government is not shielding from prosecution, the soldiers fingered by alleged Taraba kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu, popularly known as Wadume, but only giving time to allow the established processes to… Read Full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.