The Governor of Bayelsa State, Senator Douye Diri has called on all Bayelsans, including former Director of Finance and Administration and aspirant in the November 16th Governorship Election, Chief Timi Alaibe, to join hands with his administration to build the state, stressing that Bayelsa has lots of potentials waiting to be harnessed. Senator Diri stated this during a Victory Thanksgiving Service at the King of Glory Chapel, shortly after he arrived Yenagoa from Abuja where the apex court had dismissed the case filed by Chief Alaibe challenging his victory at the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship primary election in September 2019. Governor Diri, who got a tumultuous reception upon his arrival also promised to soon constitute his cabinet and put governance on track having dispensed with his major court case. According to the governor, when his cabinet is set up, the government will place a premium on the development of trade, industry, investment and small and medium scale enterprises in order to empower the people and boost the local economy. ALSO READ: US moves to seize Yahya Jammeh’s $3.5m mansion He said “there is so much for us as a state. As I keep saying, the only way this state can grow is when we free our minds from acrimony, hatred and covetousness. “Bayelsa is still one state. But let us realise that power only comes from God. Whatever it is that has angered anyone, let us sheathe the sword in the interest of the state. Let us shun hatred and embrace love. That is only when Bayelsa can move forward. This victory is not mine. It is for all Bayelsans who have been praying with us.” He also expressed gratitude to people of the state for their support and encouragement, adding that he never expected the display of love and warm reception when he arrived in the state as late as 9 pm. His words: “I never expected this kind of reception. As late as the time I arrived, people were still at the entrance into Bayelsa and up to the Government House gate. And the shocker I had was inside of this chapel. This victory is not mine. You are the owners of this victory.” Senator Diri, who acknowledged the role of God in his emergence as governor, also applauded the Supreme Court Justices for their uprightness and courage in upholding justice in dispensing of their duties. “I want to use this opportunity to appreciate the Supreme Court Justices for their display of integrity. This judgement has shown to the whole world that indeed the apex court is the last hope for the common man.” In his brief exhortation, the General Overseer of the Royal House of Grace International Church, Apostle David Zilly Aggrey, said the mystery behind the emergence of Senator Diri as governor could only be the handiwork of God and divine favour upon him. Apostle Aggrey, who expressed optimism that such divine favour would impact on all Bayelsans, prayed God to grant the governor, his deputy and their team wisdom and capacity to steer the ship of state to an enviable height. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.