At least five more aides of Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki have resigned their appointments ahead of the September 19 governorship election. The latest to resign are four Special Assistants from Ovia South-West local government area: Honest Imina Unuagbon (SSA LGA), Goodluck Uyigue (SSA Ward 2), Razak Rotimi (SA Ward 7), Victor Olunyomi (SA Ward 8) and Smart Bank (SA Ward 10). Tribune Online reports that the special assistants in a letter dated Friday, July, 2, explained that the reason for their resignation was based on the ground that they were not ready to defect to the PDP along with the governor. In a joint letter of resignation sent to Governor Obaseki through the Secretary to State Government (SSG), Mr Osarodion Ogie, they wrote: “Our reason is simply based on the fact that we are not ready to defect to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) along with the governor.” While expressing their sincere appreciation to Governor Obaseki for giving them the opportunity to serve him in the capacity, they noted that they still believe in the APC. The latest resignation comes on the heels of similar actions by three members of the governor’s aides who have pulled out of the administration in the last two months. Tribune Online recalls that less than 24 hours after his victory in the Edo State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) primary, the chairman of Edo State Board of Technical and Vocational Education, Mr Christopher Adesotu, resigned his appointment on June 26. It would also be recalled that the Chief of Staff to Obaseki, Mr Taiwo Akerele, resigned his appointment stating administrative reasons. Similarly, Commissioner for Information, Mr Paul Ohonbamu and a Special Assistant, Mrs Emike Obaze resigned their appointments in June. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.