The chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP ) Caretaker Committee in Ekiti State, Senator Hosea Agboola, in this interview by ‘YOMI AYELESO, gives an insight into the efforts at resolving the crisis in the state chapter of the opposition party within 90 days as mandated by the PDP leadership  THERE are allegations that the seven-man committee was constituted by the National Working Committee (NWC) in favour of a tendency in the crisis in the party. What is your reaction? We have a seven-man committee and two of us in the committee are not from this state. I am from Oyo State, Prince Diran Odeyemi is from Osun State and other members were drawn from different interests within the party in the state such as the camps of former Governor Ayo Fayose and Senator Biodun Olujimi. The committee was set up without any bias; I am sure of this.  Obviously, there are issues in the party which need to be resolved for the party to stand any chance in future elections in the state. How far has your committee gone in this regard? Yes, we are on it. We have visited Fayose and we are going to see Senator Olujimi, Senator Duro Faseyi and other stakeholders in the party. We will discuss with them and let me say that all of them are also preaching peace. When we were with former Governor Fayose, he told us that we should also reach out to others. Senator Olujimi has said she would not allow people to be embarrassing Fayose as some All Progressives Congress members are doing now, accusing him of corruption. If she is against Fayose, she won’t be telling us that. I believe, we are going to achieve the prospect of peace we are preaching in Ekiti PDP. Surely, we are going to arrive where we were in 2002. This peace mission will not fail.  The present crisis in the party reached a different dimension after the March 7, 2020 ward congress of the party where we have parallel executives. What is the position of the National Working Committee (NWC) on the congress? The position of the NWC will soon be made public. Don’t forget the case as regards the congress is in court and I don’t want to say anything on it. All we are after is to have unified local government executives and state executives. As regards the ward executives, the NWC will know what to do on it.  On the court case you mentioned, we all know it can derail all the ongoing peace efforts by your committee. Are you talking to those people concerned on the need to withdraw the case? We are going to talk to them and I want to assure you that everything will be settled. Those who are behind the case, that is, the Olujimi group, we will talk to them.  Your assignment in the state has a timeline of 90 days. Do you think all these issues will be resolved within the next three months? Since all the groups are preaching peace, it will soon be resolved. Fayose said we should look for peace; Olujimi said we should also look for peace. So, we are optimistic. The way politicians operate is quite different from the way people see them. The more you see, the less you know. With all you have read about Fayose, when we got to him, it was a different thing entirely. He believes that if wars that were fought with guns and bullet could be settled on the roundtable, he said that the misunderstanding within the party can also be resolved. He did not discourage us from seeing other stakeholders; he even said he would give us their phone numbers so that we can contact them. There is no one among these gladiators that is not ready for peace.  The issues of court and ward congress are just by the side, but by the time we achieve peace and love among them, other things will be resolved. We are not anticipating any issue.  There are issues concerning the return of a former governor of the state, Chief Segun Oni to the party when ex-Governor Fayose said there won’t be a red carpet reception for him. What is happening that a lot people do know? Let me say this that Chief Oni has written to us on his return to the PDP and he has joined us. Like I said, we want the party to be where we were in 2002 and other people will still return to the PDP as time goes on. We are talking to a lot of people.  What you are reading were all for press consumption. If Fayose said he is not welcoming Oni but he was the one that said we should go and visit him, you can understand what I am talking about. Sincerely speaking, he said we should go and discuss with him. The party belongs to everybody, not a single person. We are working for the party and not a single man. Nobody can say he does not want to see you in the party.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.