Men of the 32 Artillery Brigade in Ondo State, in conjunction with other security agencies on Thursday, rescued two kidnapped victims in Iboropa, Akoko North East Local Government Area of the state. The two victims, Mr Aremo Abiodun and Mrs Agnes Afogun from Ugba Akoko were kidnapped by some gunmen on their way to a neighbouring town, Simerin and dragged them into the forest. Abiodun, 50 years old driver and Afogun who is a trader had been in the captive of the hoodlums for some two days. Their abductors who contacted their families demanded the sum of N30m for their freedom and seized from communicating their families after demanding for the ransom. The security agents however swung into action, combing the forest in the area only to find the two victims where they were kept while their abductors after noticing the security operatives took to their heels. Speaking on the operation and rescue of the two victims, Acting Assistance Director Army Public Relations, Captain Ayorinde Omojokun, said the victims were rescued after spending two days in the captives of their abductors. ALSO READ: Reps mull immunity to Supreme Court Justices, other judges He explained that “On Tuesday around 7 pm, the victims who were going to Simerin from Ugbe, had their journey interrupted by unknown gunmen who kidnapped and moved them to one of their fortified hideout in the forest. “With the support of the IGP-IRT team, Troops were able to track the location of the Kidnappers to Iboropa forest. The security agencies swung into action and went in pursuit of the Kidnappers. “On sighting the advancing troops, the kidnappers took to their heels and abandoned the victims, a Dane gun and matchets” He said the security agencies are still in pursuit of the kidnappers in order to apprehend them but said the victims have been rescued without paying ransoms.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with the promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE