The 97-page book (The Sacred Forest) authored by Patrick Tagbo Oguejio tells a story of a young man named Ike from Obeledu-Onu who lived with his sister and two other brothers. At the beginning of the story, Ike’s father, Samuel Okesola, died mysteriously in a forest. This death brought sorrow to the family because Ike’s mother was just a housewife as his late father was the breadwinner. Nevertheless, preparation for their father’s burial began in earnest but they ran into a hitch. All the money meant for the widow Achalougo, who is Ike’s mother, to take care of the children and herself was taken by their uncle Uche. Regrettably, Uncle Uche took away all the wealth left behind by their father, a situation that left the family in poverty, as they go to bed many times without dinner. Meanwhile, Ike felt unbelievably bad when his mother, Madam Achalougo asked him to go and leave with her cousin, Adaogu in Umuodogwu. He, however, cheered up after realizing that the famous Umuodogwu festival took place every year in the town. On arrival in Umuodogwu, he was received by his aunt, Adaogu who sold Beer, Palm wine and other alcoholic beverages in a shop in front of the house. He met two girls older than him Ngozi and Nkiruka who were about age 13. ALSO READ: The Hushpuppi, Woodberry jibiti generation As a barren, Adaogu never had her own child, but she took care of other people’s children for the sake of God. Ike became friends with Ifeanyi who had lost her mother after her birth. Adaogu then took care of him and never told him about his real parents. Adaogu enrolled Ike at the same Umuodogwu Community school with Ifeanyi. On a daily basis, the duo of Ike and Ifeanyi went to the Sacred Forest to take a glance at the goddess Odogwu and hunt for animals like squirrels, rats, and birds. One day, it was late in the night and Ike told Ifeanyi it would be better to go home now. When they were about getting home, they heard voices from the front of the shrine where the Odogwu was placed. They sighted notorious thieves in the person of both Mike and Egbudu who was planning to steal the Odogwu. They ran home and came back to the place to confirm the goddess was stolen from the shrine. They were relieved when they discovered that Odogwu was still intact in its location. Two weeks before the Umuodogwu Festival, the Odogwu statue was stolen from the shrines. The boys quickly reported to Adaogu the incident that happened previously at the shrine. They later informed the Igwe of the community who reported to the police. As the police declared the suspects wanted, Ifeanyi and Ike later saw them smoking weed at the border area with Nnewi. Even though Ike and Ifeanyi were threatened by the criminal not go disclose their hideouts, the two young boys took the courage and reported to their aunt and the king. The police surrounded the hideout and caught the thieves while trying to escape with three other accomplices. After investigation, it was discovered that the criminals were hired by an Italian businessman who traded in artefacts. They were later jailed. During the festival, the Igwe gave the brave boys N50’000 each and their parents N500’000 each where they then lived happily thereafter. MORAL: No condition is permanent. One should have faith and always be trustworthy Suleman Yushau is a JSS 2 Student from An-nur Islami College, Ilorin. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts
MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno
The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints Pam As Christian Pilgrims Commission Executive Secretary
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC)… Read Full Story Appeal Court Upholds Yahaya Bello’s Election As Kogi Governor
The Court of Appeal, Abuja Division on Saturday affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the duly elected governor of Kogi State… Read Full Story MFM To Begin Another 30 Days Prayer Retreat
The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has directed that members extend the ongoing 30 Days Prayer Retreat which marks the third session… Read Full Story 109,823 N-Power Beneficiaries Now Business Owners ― Minister
The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, says no fewer than 109,823 beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme are now business owners… Read Full Story Who Flies APC Flag In Ondo?
EXCEPT for the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) handles the primary election or selection of its candidate for the Ondo State governorship election carefully, the party in the state may be heading towards another round of crisis similar to the one that engulfed it in Edo State recently which may cause it to… Read Full Story No Difference Between PDP, APC —Olateru-Olagbegi
Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party… Read Full Story VOICE OF COURAGE:  E No Finish?
The controlling leadership of ACN got a casual job in 2015 and took it like a mega-contract. They did more than a month’s job for a day’s pay. They pawned everything in exchange for nothing. All core values were thrown away. The ancient landmarks of the fathers were set aside. Many of the icons in the land were… Read Full Story GIBBERS: Buhari Isn’t Judiciary’s Messiah (1)
In the last 12 years, salaries of Nigerian judges have not been reviewed. In a review of the development of inflation rates in Nigeria between 1979 and 2019, by World data, the average inflation rate was calculated at 19.2 per cent. Now, hold your breath. The report added “overall, the price increase was 80,304.39 per cent… Read Full Story Threatened Cooperation! Cooperative Societies In The Cloud Of COVID-19
ALL over the world, especially in Third World economies, one of the platforms through which peoples’ common business dreams and financial needs are crystallised is the cooperative society. A cooperative society is simply a voluntary association of individuals who have come together to pursue their economic goals… Read Full Story COVID-19: The Church And The New Order
The Church is just one of the institutions that have been caught in the heat of the coronavirus pandemic following the ban on public gatherings for about three months as a way of controlling the spread of the virus by the federal and state governments… Read Full Story 40 Years After, Ayinla Omowura Remembered With Album
As part of the activities to mark the 40th year anniversary of the exit of Apala icon, Waheed Ayinla popular as Ayinla Omowura, an album entitled ‘Anigilaje has been released in his honour… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.