IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available surface water per year. By contrast, South Africa, Africa’s second-largest economy, is said to have only about 49 cubic kilometres a year. Unfortunately, however, Nigeria’s vast water resources are not serving Nigerians in any meaningful sense. Access to clean and safe water is, for most Nigerians, a phenomenon inhabiting the realm of desire. And there is no greater evidence of the blindness of the country’s political class than the fact that politicians running for various posts do not even mention the provision of water as a campaign pledge. To say the least, recent reports in the media indicate that the water situation in the country is dire. According to the Minister of Water Resources, Suleiman Adamu, access to public water supply declined from 32 per cent in 1990 to less than 7 per cent in 2015, with marginal improvements since then.  Although in the 2020 budget alone, N39 billion was approved for the Federal Ministry of Water Resources, the provision of clean water remains a pipe dream. The minister was quoted as retorting that his ministry was not directly responsible for the provision of potable water to the citizens, a responsibility which he said was that of state and local governments. But has the ministry justified its own existence? Indeed, the generations of Nigerians that ever fetched water from public taps are fast disappearing. Quite a majority of the country’s youths are not even aware of the existence of waterworks. Waterworks simply do not form part of their mental frame or script. The situation across the states is scary. Nigeria’s economic capital, Lagos State, the Centre of Excellence, has been unable to produce adequate water for its vast population even though it is surrounded by water. Less than 30 per cent of its over 20 million residents have access to public water: the majority depend on private boreholes, wells and packaged table water. According to media reports, the state produces only 210 million gallons of water on a daily basis even though its actual need is 540 million gallons. The authorities attribute this to the damage done to the facilities of the Lagos State Water Corporation by construction projects. Sixty per cent of Kano’s large population reportedly have no access to potable water, and only 10,000 Enugu residents reportedly enjoy potable water. According to reports, there has been no potable water supply in Abia State since 2007. To be sure, the water situation in the country accurately reflects the collapse of governance. There would be no poor infrastructure for the collection, treatment and distribution of water if the country had visionary administrators in place at various levels of government. Indeed, if a government cannot provide security and water, what then can it do? Just what are the various ministries of Water Resources gulping humongous public funds year after year in the 36 states of the country doing? Indeed, how can anyone parade governance and city circles, proudly donning the tag of Commissioner for Water Resources when the ministry over which (s)he superintends produces no water for anybody? Just how do those in government think in this clime? There was certainly a time when nearly everyone in this country depended on public waterworks for their daily needs. Nowadays, every homeowner is busy digging boreholes, a phenomenon which continually destabilizes the stability of the earth’s crust, and may cause earthquakes in the near future. Even without the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, the country’s various governments ought to have done some serious thinking about the water situation. Now, health authorities recommend that people use running water to wash their hands with soap as part of the measures to contain the spread of the coronavirus. But where is the running water? Drawing from the repertoire of Yoruba orality, the late Afrobeat king, Fela Anikulapo-Kuti, waxed a track saying that water has no enemy. As he said in Nigerian Pidgin: “Water, e no get enemy.” Sadly, there is a sense in which this truism does not apply to governance in the country today. Potable water may have no foes but its supply does governments across the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.