President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday sought the confirmation of the Senate for the appointment of 41 nominees as non-career ambassadors to Nigerian foreign missions. According to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Buhari’s request was contained in a letter addressed to President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan and read at plenary on Wednesday. Buhari also in a letter read at plenary sought the approval of Senate for confirmation of Sulaiman Dani representing the FCT as career Ambassador-designate. Other confirmation sought by Buhari includes the confirmation of Mahmud Hassan from Kaduna as Commissioner of Revenue Allocation Mobilisation Fiscal Commission, and Williams Omoregie representing Edo, Ondo and Ekiti states as Commissioner for Federal Civil Service Commission. Meanwhile, Senator Philip Aduda (PDP-FCT) drew the attention of Senate to the non-inclusion of an FCT indigene among the non-career ambassadors designates. He appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari to consider the inclusion of an FCT among the list of non-career ambassadorial designates, while also thanking the President for having earlier included the FCT in the 42 career ambassadors approved by Senate. Meanwhile, the list of the 41 non-career ambassadorial nominees, according to the letter are: Umar Suleiman (Adamawa), Mandama L. S. (Adamawa), Oboe Effiong Akpabio (Akwa-Ibom), Elena Onyeabor (Anambra), Abubakar D. Ibrahim (Bauchi), Phillip K. Ikuru (Bayelsa), Tarzoor Terhemem (Benue). Others are: Paul Oga Adiku (Benue), Ibrahim Al-Hussain (Borno), Bella Yusuf Bukar (Borno), Prof. Monique Ekpong (Cross River), Omar Djebah (Delta), Ominyi N. Eze (Ebonyi), Mohammed (Edo), Major General C. O Ugwu (Enugu). Others are: Dr Hajara I. Salim (Gombe), Obiezu Ijeoma Chinyerem (Imo), Ali Makarafi (Kaduna), Hamisu Ado  (Kano), Jazuli Imam Galandanchi (Kano), Amina Adopted Kurawa (Kano), Amb.Yahaya Lawal (Katsina), Dare Sunday Awoniyi (Kogi). Ibrahim Kayode Laaro (Kwara), Abioye Bello (Kara), Zara Matazu Umar (Kwara), Ademola Saraki (Lagos), Henry John Omaku (Nasarawa). Others are: Chief. Sara Tunji Isola (Ogun), Nimi Akinkube (Ondo), Adejaba Bello (Osun), Adeshina Alegbe (Oyo), Debo Adesina (Oyo), Folakemi Akinyele (Oyo), Shehu Abdullahi (Plateau), Maureen Tamuno (Rivers), Faruk Yabo (Sokoto), Adamu Hassan (Taraba), Yusuf Mohammed (Yobe), and Abubakar Moriki (Zamfara). The Senate also at plenary considered for first reading five bills. The bills are: National Commission for refugees Act repeal and amendment bill, 2020 sponsored by Sen. Abdulahi Yahaya (APC Kebbi), Agricultural Credit Guarantee Scheme Fund Act amendment Bill, 2020 by Sen. Bima Enagi (APC Niger), among others. The Senate at plenary also received the report of the Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters on Sexual Harassment Bill, 2020, Criminal Code Act amendment bill, 2020 and Alleged Court Invasion By officers of the Department of State Security Services (DSS)on Dec. 6, 2019. The report was laid by the Chairman of the Committee, Sen. Bamidele Opeyemi (APC-Ekiti). It also received the report of the Committee on Tertiary Institutions and Tetfund on the following: City University of Technology Auchi establishment bill 2020. Federal College of Education Mutum Biyu establishment bill, 2020 and Federal College of Education Technical Ibokun establishment big, 2020. The report was laid by the Chairman of the Committee, Senator Ahmad Kaita (APC-Katsina).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.