Further to the suspension of the Caretaker Chairman and other management staff of Misau LGA following a communal clash that claimed lives in the area, the Emir of Misau, Alh Ahmed Suleiman has been suspended until further notice. Also suspended alongside the Emir are the District Head of Chiroma and the Village head of Zadawa in Hardawa District as well as other traditional rulers in the affected areas pending the outcome of an administrative investigation on the remote and immediate causes of the clash. For the period they are to be suspended, non of them is allowed to travel out of Misau and must cooperate with the Investigative Panel in carrying out its official function. The suspension was announced by the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir on Friday at the Council Chambers of the Government House during the inauguration of the 13 administrative panel of investigation declaring that information at the disposal of Government implicated the traditional institutions in the area for negligence which led to the needless clash. A visibly angry Bala Mohammed declared that anyone found culpable in the clash no matter how highly placed in the society will be dealt with in accordance with the laws of the land because according to him the clash was avoidable. The Governor frowned at the situation whereby forest reserve earmarked for grazing and pastoral purposes were hijacked and encroached by greedy people causing the needless clash that led to the loss of innocent lives. He lamented that activities of some selfish people who have continued to encroach into grazing reserves have rendered the Fulani herders unstable forcing them to become violent engaging in kidnapping, armed robbery and other crimes considering the fact that they are left with nothing to rely on for survival. He directed the Panel to go about its assignment without fear or favour and ensure that no person indicted was let alone and submit its reports in the next three weeks to enable the government to act accordingly saying that the steps taken were in line with the all relevant laws in the state and county. In his brief remarks, Chairman of the Panel, Commodore Tijjani Baba Gamawa declared that the panel will do its assignment with diligence and will not spare anyone found implicated in the happenings before and during the clash. Tijjani Gamawa who could not hide his annoyance with the development wondered why a few people will in the pursuit of their selfish interest expose other innocent people to danger even lost of lives.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu
Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team
The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story Buni Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Akande In Osun
The national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Ma Mala Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with the former interim national chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner
Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner
Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints More Ambassadors To Correct Imbalance
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors in a move to address complaints about the recent appointments of 41 non-career ambassadors… Read Full Story FG Converts All Govt Hospitals In FCT To COVID-19 Sample Collection Centre
The Federal Government has converted all the government hospitals in FCT, Abuja, to COVID-19 sample collection sites, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Thursday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read Full Story AFDB, WTO, Others Seek Measures To Support Trade Finance In Developing Nations
The African Development Bank (AFDB), the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and other financial institutions (MDBs) are collaborating to support trade finance in developing nations in a bid to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 on their economy… Read Full Story $1bn Cloned Account: We Welcome House Of Reps Investigations ― NPA
Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority reiterated the non-existence of… Read Full Story Petrol Price Hike, Imposition Of Hardship On Nigerians ― PDP
Opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the new petrol price hike from N123 to N143.80 as the imposition of hardship on Nigerians by the ruling All Progressives Congress… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Collapse Of Public Waterworks
IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.