AMBER BRT, an initiative to ease commuting in Lagos metropolis, has been launched by a private company, Amber Energy Drinks Ltd. in collaboration with the Lagos Bus Rapid Transit System, renown as BRT as part of its corporate
social responsibility. The company said in a statement that the free bus ride  the initiative, which coincides with the launch of its Amber Energy  Drinks was in recognition of the fact that commuting in Lagos State could be “hellish and sometimes nightmarish for  residents with the ever-increasing population on a daily basis.” The statement stated further that :” Amber Energy drink has put in place a well-coordinated plan with the respective transport authorities such that is required by members of the public is to buy a Can of the drink at BRT bus terminals or yellow buses garages and parks in the city and get a BRT ticket for free. The Can as the automatic passport gives the commuter free entrance into the BRT buses or the conventional popular  Lagos yellow buses, depending on destination for a smooth relief and jolly ride between 4 pm-6 pm Mondays-Friday  every week at work close.” The company further noted that: “Selected bus terminals that have become the epicentre of Amber Energy drink a free  bus ride with fanfare are Leventis, CMS, Oyingbo, Fadeyi, Maryland, and Ojota. (This runs Mondays, Tuesdays and  Thursdays for BRT buses) while Oshodi, Obalende,  Marina, Ojuelegba and CMS (runs Wednesdays and Fridays) for the conventional Lagos yellow buses. “At these locations and on those days, the sight to behold is Amber Energy drink brand ambassadors beautifully clad in the branded T-shirts on black pants interacting and sharing the tickets to consumers for a rewarding and enriching  Amber experience. “Upon buying a Can of the much sought after an energy drink, commuters take their seats inside the BRT buses as they savour the unique taste of the refreshing black, slim, sleek energy drink with natural caffeine and essential vitamins. It is  not only filling, nourishing and stimulating but pleasantly fun and appealing.” General Manager, Amber Energy Drink Ltd, Ms Lola Adedeji said: “For us at Amber Energy Drinks Ltd, we have done everything possible, even what other companies cannot do to satisfy and meet our consumers’ needs and demands. We  have taken our time not just to study the market but also who our consumers are and what they will need, and have  decided that at every step on the way, Amber will meet the needs of its consumers, so, it is so much fun and many  wonders are still coming from the Amber Energy world.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE