Former Speaker of the House of Representatives and chairman of the screening committee for Ondo Gubernatorial primaries, Hon. Yakubu Dogara has said that all aspirants for the Ondo state guber primaries that made the screening will be issued a provisional clearance certificate by the screening committee today, Friday 5th July 2020. Dogara said the committee will be detailed in scrutinizing the documents presented by each aspirant so that the party does not suffer the fate of those who were careless in interrogating claims by aspirants on their respective qualifications. The former Speaker who said the committee will reconvene at 1 pm today to concluded the process, assured all aspirant of a justice which he said is all-encompassing. “We have agreed to reconvene at 1 pm. I think thereafter it will just take a few hours for us to start issuing provisional clearance certificate to the aspirants. But the exercise is ongoing and it is going on very well. ALSO READ: UN suspends two employees over viral sex video “This is in view of that fact that developments in politics no longer support the case of whimsical screening exercise any more. “You have seen it, some people won elections and lost elections on the account of defective screenings that were done by the officials of their parties. “So, we are hoping for each of these aspirants to account for the information given to the party and the documents that they are submitting.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.