Residents of Yola have called for the intervention of the Federal and State Government over the perennial flooding in communities across Yola, the Adamawa State capital. This time around, the flood submerged foodstuff and houses worth millions of naira and also destroyed businesses and other valuables. Kisenger Bukar, a Yola resident, expressed dissatisfaction with the government attitude, however, said the Adamawa State government cannot do it alone. He appealed to the Federal Government to come to their aid as soon as possible. ALSO READ: UPDATE: NASS management moves to bar Sani-Omolori from accessing premises According to him, he cannot ascertain the level of destruction caused to him by the Wednesday flood, but as for the money, he has lost everything. The Wednesday flood affected communities mostly in Yola South Local Government Area in Yola North, including Tashan Sani area, where a particular family house’s collapsed and animals were seen taken away by the flood. Also, Yolde pate area was not left behind, as traders lost hundreds of bags of grains in the famous grain market. The patron of the timber market, Tashan Sani, Kenneth Ogoduna, said the flood caused a lot of damage in their businesses and many have lost over millions of naira. Kenneth Ogoduna, another resident in Jimeta area and patron of the Yola timber market, said they used to experience the yearly flood submerging their houses and means of livelihood, but this year came as a surprise and shock as it caught them unawares. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE South-West States Declare Readiness For 2020 WASSCE Commissioners of education of the six South-West states of the country have expressed readiness to sit their respective Senior Secondary School three (SSS3) students for the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.