Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Ahmad Abdurrahman, has ordered an investigation into the murder of Mr Anayo Iloabani, 67, within Amamkpunato-Achi forest area in Achi community in Oji-River council area. State’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, said in a statement on Wednesday in Enugu that the commissioner gave the order following a report received at Oji-River Police Station on June 30. Ndukwe noted that Iloabani of Amamkpunato village was gruesomely murdered by yet to be identified culprit(s) in a forest in the community. “The commissioner has directed the immediate launch of a full-scale investigation to apprehend and prosecute the fleeing culprits. The commissioner condemned such hideous and barbaric act. “He has directed the Area Commander and Divisional Police Officers within Oji-River Area Command as well as Heads of Tactical and Operational Departments of the Command to deploy all resources at their disposal to fish out and prosecute the culprits. “The CP enjoined residents of the area, especially the youth; to maintain peace, avoid taking laws into their hands and/or acting in ways that could jeopardise the investigation into the case. “He made it clear that the command, under his watch, will leave no stone unturned to bring culprits of the heinous crime to book,’’ he said. The police spokesman said that preliminary investigation showed that the deceased was found in Achi forest with several degrees of machete cuts on the head and neck regions. He said that the corpse of the deceased had been deposited in the mortuary. “Residents of the state have been enjoined to remain law-abiding and assist the police with credible information that will lead to the arrest of the culprits by reporting to the nearest police station. “Residents can call the command’s emergency hotlines on: 08032003702, 08075390883, 08086671202 or 0809888172,’’ he added. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.