The Chief Of Army Staff Lt Gen. Tukur Buratai, has on Thursday commended the head of security agencies in Sokoto for the synergy in which they discharge their duties in the state. The Chief of Army Staff stated this while commissioning series of projects worth millions of Naira at Ginginya Barrack, Sokoto. Inaugurating the projects at the Barrack Buratai charged the beneficiaries to make judicious use of the facilities. Represented by Commander Army Training Centre (ATC) Abuja Maj Gen Muhammad Mahmud Mshella, Buratai commended General Officer Commanding 8 Division, Sokoto Brig. Gen Aminu Bande for infrastructural expansion stressing that despite insecurity due to banditry in the region he did not undermine the staff welfare. ALSO READ: Accommodation seekers, landlords now to pay stamp duties on house rent agreements, C of O According to the Army boss, the 8 division was moved from Mungono, Borno State to Sokoto to tackle emerging security challenges in the Northwest, which was brought about by Banditry and Kidnapping. “The Division is to fight and destroy bandits, Kidnappers and cattle Rustlers in the region he said. He assured that the dilapidated infrastructure within the Barrack would soon be renovated. The projects commissioned include 26 quarter guard, Lt Gen Buratai OPS room and Hall of fame, others are Brig-Gen Bande Hall, Solar energy project, 26 BN Arms stores and Rehabilitation of 26 BN parade ground. In his vote of thanks, the acting General Officer Commanding 8 Division Sokoto Brig-Gen Aminu Bande represented by Chief of Staff 8 Division Brig Gen Hamidu Musa thanked the Chief of Army Staff for the visit. Those who graced the occasion include Commissioner of police, Sokoto command, comptroller of customs, Sokoto area command, comptroller Nigeria Immigration service, Sokoto command, and Commandant Nigeria civil Defense and Security Corp, Sokoto. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.