Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party ahead of the election.  YOUR party is regarded as one of the oppositions with little or no record of giving stiff opposition in the state. What are your plans in the forthcoming governorship election? Our party is a great party, though relatively new. But we are well grounded. It is formed on right ideologies with fresh ideas from like-minds. Some may think we are not to be reckoned with because we don’t parade some purportedly big names in the nation’s politics or recycle some old names and old hands who had almost lost their relevance. Permit me to say that the two leading parties can be described in the words of the late Chief Bola Ige as two fingers of the same leprous hand. They are the same people who just crisscross to either of the divides to realise their selfish ambition with reckless abandon. You can mention several people who are in the ruling party today that were formerly calling shots in the main opposition party. And we can see the trend again. It was too obvious in the recently concluded party primaries in Edo State where the two parties practically exchanged aspirants. In the ADP, we are unique. We are not known for the hullabaloo and political cacophony of the two leading parties. However, we are poised to take over from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) starting from the Ondo election. We are meticulous in our strategy. We do not just feature candidates to mark register on the election date. We do our underground works and know where we are capable of winning and present candidates in such places. We pulled surprise in Oyo in a free and fair election. We won in Osun in the last poll, but we were robbed in day light. We have garnered all it takes to oust the incumbent government of APC in Ondo State. The people have tested the two parties and are fed up with them. Don’t forget that Ondo State people are highly lettered and we can’t be fooled for this long. I, Martin Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi, am the darling bride of the electorate in Ondo State today, because they know I will bring all my experience to bear and bring about restoration in major areas of the state’s economy.  Looking at your antecedents, you have a rich profile but your platform is not known. How do you want to see yourself and the party if eventually you emerge as your party’s choice? To say my platform is not known is not a fair assessment of the political climate in Ondo State in recent time. Even at that, I am known to the people. They share in my aspirations and come October this year, the people will speak with one voice through the ballot paper to send the incumbent governor packing. I understand that what people called being on ground is the political gyrations and noise making. That is not politics and I am not used to it. Ours is politics of idea and ideologies. We have our blueprint ready only to be endorsed by the electorate before we hit the ground running. I am sure that very soon, Ondo State shall be the model for others to follow.  Are you sure your platform is ready to hijack power from the incumbent, considering the silence from your camp? We are not silent and we are also not known for rabblerousing. We are systematic. We have penetrated the 18 local government areas engaging the people with issue-based politics and they are solidly behind us. The noise makers are banking on old and stale information and it will soon dawn on them.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story ‘My Wife Slapped Me, Poured Hot Water On Me ‘Cos I Told Our Daughter To Stop Bleaching, Wearing Trousers’ “She refused that I have a say in the home. She fights me for correcting our eldest daughter who is bleaching her skin and wearing trousers. She once slapped me for beating our fourth child and at another time poured hot water on me during a scuffle… Read Full Story Organ Harvesting Industry Booms In Lagos As Probe Deepens On Wednesday, the House of Representatives doubled down on its probe of alleged human organ harvesting business in Nigeria and the movement of the harvested organs abroad. Officials of government were quizzed, with a promise to invite another top official, the Comptroller General of Customs, for further questioning… Read Full Story What Afonja’s Rebellion Did To Yoruba Unity —Alaafin The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi, in this interview by TUNDE BUSARI speaks on the unity of Yoruba people, why they are always in songs, and also on the subject of death in Yoruba world view… Read Full Story Ambassador Campbell’s Curious Defence Of Buhari’s Corrupt Aso Rock Cabal Dr. John Campbell, America’s former ambassador to Nigeria from May 2004 to July 2007, wrote a June 24 opinion article titled “Nigerian Media’s Unsubstantiated Claims that U.S. Agencies Investigating Corruption by Buhari’s Inner Circle” for the Council on Foreign Relations (where he works as a Senior Fellow for… Read Full Story I Faked My Own Kidnap To Avoid Being Raped Again By My Uncle —21-Yr-Old Undergraduate A few days ago, 20-year-old Patience Emmanuel Kushi, an undergraduate of the Bauchi State University, Gadau, was reported kidnapped by unknown persons. The young woman, who was living with her uncle, was said to be on her way to her father’s house when she was reportedly abducted at a location between Kafin… Read Full Story My 89-Yr-Old Husband Throws Condoms He Used On His Girlfriends In My Face, 60-Yr-Old Wife Tells Court A 60-year-old Zambian woman, Astridah Bwale alleged that her husband, Rodrick Mwale, 89 years old had no respect for her and that he threw used condoms in her face when he came back from having sex with… Read Full Story I Don’t Enjoy Sxx I do feel a very sharp pain below my abdomen any time I have sxx and I do cry a lot. Sometimes, I won’t be able to continue the s3x because of the pain. I have never enjoyed having s3x for once… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.