The Commandant-General of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Mr Abdullahi Gana, has ordered massive deployment of personnel across the nation for Eid-el-Kabir festival. He said the directive became necessary following the declaration of Thursday 30th and 31st Friday, July 2020 as a public holiday marking Eid-el-Kabir festival, a period set aside by Muslim faithful to offer sacrifice to Allah, give alms to the needy and show love to all concern. This was contained in a statement, on Wednesday, by the Corps Public Relations Officer, Mr Emmanuel Okeh, and made available to newsmen in Abuja. Gana charged the State Commandants to work in synergy with other sister agencies and urged the personnel to be civil and diplomatic in their approach to the populace. ALSO READ: Bauchi First Lady distributes food supplements to pregnant women, children He said personnel should be deployed to prayer grounds, shopping centres, malls, recreation centres, black spots and areas considered to be vulnerable to attack noting that hoodlums, vandals, terrorists and those with sinister motives that target festive periods to carry out their dastardly act. While congratulating Muslim faithful, he encouraged them to emulate the qualities of Prophet Mohammed by living an exemplary life that depicts their true practice by preaching and praying for peace in the nation and not to catch at the event as an opportunity to engage in merrymaking alone or indulge in an act that is unholy. Gana reiterated that apart from the deployment of personnel, specialised units such as SWAT, CBRN, Rescue Team, Ambulances, Armed Squads and Sniffer dogs should be strategically positioned for quick intervention. He urged the public to report any case of emergency, flood, collapse building, vandalism and other criminalities to the Corps. Gana charged parents and guardians to warn their wards from getting themselves involved in any activity that is capable of affecting the peace of the nation before, during and after the festival as anyone caught will face the wrath of the law. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE