Assist. Corps Marshal Kayode Olagunju, Zonal Commanding Officer (ZCO), Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Zone 4, has said that the corps’ Mobile Courts have convicted 359 traffic offenders in Plateau and Nasarawa states. Olagunju said that the Zone comprised Plateau, Benue and Nasarawa states and that its operatives had arrested a total of 408 traffic offenders in the area. According to a statement by Mr Terry Hoomlong, the Acting Zonal Public Education/Protocol Officer, the mobile courts were organised by the FRSC between June 26 and July 21. Hoomlong quoted the ZCO as saying that the offenders were arraigned before the eight Magistrate Courts in the two states. “Out of the 408 that were arraigned, 50 were discharged and acquitted. “Convicts were given between two to six months jail terms but were given the options of fines ranging from N2,000 to N10,000. “In RS4.1 Plateau, a total of 117 traffic offenders were convicted with 121 offences by Hon Godswill Longs, the Presiding Magistrate. “In RS4.3 Nasarawa, a total of 242 traffic offenders were convicted by Magistrates Abimbola Buzi, Joy Farouk, Victoria Isiaku, Abundaga Habila and Gwahimba Vincent,” he said. Olagunju vowed to prosecute erring motorists in the Zone to improve safety on the roads. ALSO READ: NDDC probe: Akpabio denies he said NASS members got 60 per cent contracts He also stated that the most prevalent offences were overloading, speed limit violation, tyre violation, driving and vehicle licence violations. Other offences, he said, include a seat belt, windscreen and motorcycle helmet violations. The ZCO admonished motorists to be careful, maintain their vehicles and imbibe good driving culture at all times, especially now that it was raining heavily in the area. He also urged them to ensure that their tyres and wipers were in good condition and avoid overloading their vehicles. He enjoined motorists to always fasten their seat belts and urged passengers to always caution their drivers whenever they attempted to break traffic rules and regulations. NAN  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE