The big word must have thrown many people off balance. Well, the inefficiency or lack of brakes on a vehicle is in reality capable of making one feel the same way. Engine and transmission oil and filter replacement are the usual focus of an average vehicle owner. Some are more religious about it and others, not so much. Starting and cruising vehicle on the road with shabby performance could be stressful and unpleasant but imagine driving a performance vehicle on the road and being unable to slow or stop it as necessary. As important as the brakes are, most people rarely give it the deserved attention, at best brake pad replacement is considered important. Recently, while researching content for our weekly radio show which airs on Splash 105.5FM, Ibadan every Wednesday, we went on the streets to sample people’s opinion on if and how frequently they replace the brake fluid on their vehicles. The responses varied from “is that supposed to be changed” “I just top it up” to every three months”. This underscores the fact that most people are ignorant of the type of care that can ensure the efficiency of the brake systems of their vehicles. Most people are aware that vehicles are equipped with brakes but oblivious of how it works. Some even have the wrong notions about its workings, while a significant number are misguided or have been misled due to the massive gap between the manufacturers and owners. An average car weighs in at about 1,300 kilogrammes while empty, to put in perspective, 26 bags of rice or cement. With four adults in it, the weight goes to about 1,600 kilogrammes or 32 bags of rice or cement. Now imagine that much weight, barreling down a road with no effective means of slowing it down! This should only be imagined as a scene from a horror movie. The major components of the brake system include the pedal, brake booster, brake master cylinder, brake lines and hoses, brake calipers and pistons, disc brake pads or brake shoes, disc brake rotors or brake drums, brake fluid, anti-lock braking system control module, wheel speed sensors and others. The focus today is on the brake fluid, as it is the lifeblood of the entire system. Here is how things work: When the brake pedal is depressed by the driver, the force is amplified by the brake booster and transmitted to the brake master cylinder which pushes the piston in it to force the brake fluid to act under pressure to go through the ABS module, if the vehicle is equipped | or straight to the valves from where it is channeled towards the slave cylinder, which is located in the brake caliper. The overall pressure forces the piston in the caliper to act against the brake pads or shoes to push the friction material towards the rotors/disk or drum. The resistance of the rotors/ drum creates a force that slows the vehicle downs. The brake fluid is hygroscopic, meaning that it absorbs moisture/water over time, this leads to related corrosion and failure of internal brake system components.  There is no set time to change the brake fluid in your vehicle; timing varies by type of car, the driving conditions, type of fluid and the manufacturer’s recommendations. It is, however, highly recommended to have it checked during every oil change. The three main types of brake fluid now available are DOT3, DOT4 and DOT5. DOT3 and DOT4 are glycol-based fluids, and DOT5 is silicon-based.  The main difference is that DOT3 and DOT4 absorb water, while DOT5 doesn’t. Glycol fluids are the most commonly used in 99.9 per cent of motor vehicles of various grades. They are named by their DOT (Department of Transport) coding and are either DOT 3, DOT 4 or DOT 5.1. In general, the higher the number the higher the typical brake fluid boiling point. The higher the moisture content the higher the chances of boiling, which in-turn leads to gas production in the brake system that could lead to brake failure The specified fluid type for every car is always written on the reservoir cap for the brake fluid. Here are a few tips: Use brake fluid from a sealed container only! Ensure that you stick to whatever specification is recommended by the manufacturer. Consider a fluid replacement every 25,000Km. Your mechanic should have a brake fluid tester, if he doesn’t, review your relationship with him/her. It is a pleasure to have you here, reading this column. Your audience is highly appreciated, and feedback has been awesome too. Please, do keep them coming.  Reactions: Hello Doctor, my automatic engine Nissan Altima does not move well when in gear 1.What do I do? (+234803615xxxx).  It would be nice, if you had provided me with further details, such as the year of manufacture and type of transmission. However, I shall address both automatic and manual transmissions. If your vehicle is a manual/standard shift, inability to move well in gear one is as a result of a faulty clutch system. Your mechanic needs to check out the pressure plate and disc to be sure that the friction material is not worn below the specified level. Please note, if it is, you should replace the pressure plate, disk and release bearing as a set. If your vehicle is an automatic transmission, the fluid level and quality should be checked to ensure that it is okay. If all is okay and the symptom persists, a mechanic will need to run a computerised diagnosis on the vehicle to be sure that the electro-mechanical components of the transmission are okay. The result of this will advise on the next call of action.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.