Last week’s approval with the release of the Outline Business Case Certificate of Compliance for the concession  of Lagos, Abuja, Port Harcourt and Kano International airports to minister of aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika by the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC), has continued to attract comments from key players. Already, the unions in the sector have reacted vowing to resist the concession plan at all cost on the premise that the approval violated due diligence which would not protect the interests of Nigerians and Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) workers. Commenting on the development in an interview with the Tribune Aviation, a former military commandant at the Murtala Muhammed Airport and now Managing Director of Centurion Security, Group Captain John Ojikutu, retired, said the plan to concession the four airports had been long overdue. He attributed his position to the recent assessment of the preparation to easing out on the lockdown conducted on the sector where Bi-Courtney, the manager of the private terminal, MM2, the only one under concession recorded the highest score among other six terminals. According to Ojikutu, the success of Bi-Courtney during the COVID-19 ease of lockdown assessment was a clear evidence that the solution to government challenges in the maintenance of global standards in passengers’ facilitations was to concession the airports to credible operators. Ojikutu therefore urged the Federal Government to consider Bi-Courtney among those to be given priority in the concession exercise having proved its worth locally. “Bicourtney has proved its worth locally and should be among those for consideration. At this time of economic recession, government efforts should be about meeting the global standards in aeronautical safety and security and concession the non aeronautical to tested and credible private enterprises.” For the head of administration and human resources department at 7Star Hangar, a Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) company at the Lagos airport, Engineer Sheri Ayuba Kyari, the airports concession plan had been at the front burner therefore, the last approval for the realisation of the plan should not have anything to be done with the timing. His reaction came following the criticisms that the timing for the concession was insensitive to the negative side mp acts of the coronavirus pandemic. According to Kyari “The issue of the concession of these airports has been on the front burner many years ago and I think it is a continuing process. If work on this has been on-going, it will not disturb the COVID-19 handling as concession is about ‘leasing’ these airports to efficient hands for provision of efficient services to the public.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.