Lagos State Internal Revenue Service (LIRS) has commenced implementation of additional reliefs and measures to further ease the impact of the pandemic on taxpayers in the state. The Executive Chairman of LIRS, Mr Ayodele Subair, disclosed this on Tuesday in a release issued by its Head, Corporate Communications, Monsurat Amasa, saying the measures were put in place in furtherance of the agency’s commitment to mitigate the negative effect of COVID-19 pandemic on individuals and businesses in Lagos State. According to him, these additional measures and incentives, which implementations have since commenced since last Thursday, July 16, 2020, are a sequel to the agency’s initial 3-month extension of the deadline for filing of annual returns (from March 31 to June 30, 2020). Subair, while reeling out the measures, said the agency shall allow on a case by case basis, payment of outstanding liabilities in instalments to ease cash flow challenges that may affect taxpayers, adding that taxpayers are to enjoy a waiver of penalty for late payment of liabilities under PAYE (Pay As You Earn) that was due during the period of March-May, 2020 when the state was under COVID-19 lockdown, among others. “The following measures are to be implemented to further ease the impact of the pandemic on our esteemed taxpayers in Lagos state: LIRS shall allow on a case by case basis, payment of outstanding liabilities in instalments to ease cash flow challenges that may affect taxpayers. Taxpayers are to enjoy a waiver of penalty for late payment of liabilities under PAYE (Pay As You Earn) that was due during the period of March-May, 2020 when the State was under COVID-19 lockdown. “In addition, a waiver of penalties due on late filing of 2020 annual tax returns known as ‘Form A’ will be granted. A remarkable waiver of interest and penalty on liabilities arising from 2009 to 2015 tax audit for taxpayers who can pay up on or before December 31, 2020, will be implemented. ALSO READ: NDE disburses N3m to 300 women in Oyo State “In appreciation of taxpayers that have supported the state government in the fight against the pandemic, the LIRS through the Lagos State government will be granting tax credit of 20% of all cash and kind donations made towards COVID-19 by individuals resident in the state for the 2021 Year of Assessment (subject to a cap of 35% of the tax due),” the LIRS boss stated. Subair further announced that additional payment channels had been opened up to make payment of taxes easier, simpler and more convenient for all, even as he disclosed that Video Conferencing has been adopted as the default mode for conducting Tax Audit Reconciliation Committee [TARC] meetings in consonance with social distancing advisories from government and other relevant health authorities. He enjoined taxpayers to make use of the agency’s digital communication platforms to get updates on its operations and details of all tax payment platforms, while equally calling on all businesses and individuals resident in the state to take advantage of these additional palliatives and reciprocate the kind gestures of state government by discharging their civic responsibilities through prompt payment of all taxes and levies that were due. It, however, urged residents to stay safe and obey all COVID-19 guidelines as stipulated by the relevant health authorities and Lagos State government, directing taxpayers to visit the LIRS website, www.lirs.gov.ng, and its various social media platforms @lirsgovng or call the Customer Care Centre on 0700 CALL LIRS (0700-2255-5477) for further enquiries. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE