The seven-man reconciliation steering committee set up by the governor of Oyo State, Mr Seyi Makinde, over the disquiet in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is to meet with some key stakeholders in Ibadan, the state capital, today. Speaking to the Nigerian Tribune on Monday, the chairman of the committee, Dr Saka Adegbite Balogun, said key stakeholders in all the zones had been invited to the sitting of the committee. Balogun, who said that the seeming cold war raging in the party would soon be over, urged the various tendencies to be patient as the committee would be fair in the discharge of its mandate. He explained that, unlike the rumour being peddled, nobody was quarrelling with the governor, emphasising that most of the issues to be reviewed may be intraparty affairs, and not government’s. He stated that all the groups would meet today in Ibadan to air whatever grievances that they have. While maintaining that the committee was enjoying the full support of the state governor on the assignment committed to its hands, Dr Balogun expressed optimism that the efforts of the committee would yield the desired fruit. Dr Balogun, who was chief of staff to a former governor of the state, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala, advised the leaders and members of the party to help the work of the committee in its bid to build an indivisible party as an entity. He charged all the tendencies to avoid the use of the words ‘factions’ and ‘groups’ within the party. He said, “The governor has assured us that we would operate freely and independently. By the grace of God, we will succeed. I don’t belong to any faction and I don’t believe in the word ‘faction’ and that is why I have used the word ‘tendencies’. I’m one of the leaders of the party. So, because of my objectivity and integrity, we will succeed. And more importantly, with the support of the governor, we will excel. “You’ll agree with me that since the governor had inaugurated our committee, the crises are waning because party faithful believe that we will be objective in handling the issues that will be brought to our table.” Asked on the areas of focus of the committee in discharging its duties, Balogun simply responded, “That is still our cup of tea. We will start calling the stakeholders involved from today. How we are going to do it is still our secret. We will call the stakeholders from all the seven zones: Oke Ogun 1, Oke Ogun 2, Ibadan, Ibadan Less City, Ibarapa, Oyo, and Ogbomoso.” He clarified that the first round of the reconciliation would be for the PDP and later, it may be extended to the allied parties that united to defeat the, then, ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). “The allied parties will also be taken care of, but later, because without them, we may not have won the March 9 governorship election in our state,” he said. He, therefore, called on the tendencies in the party to embrace peace and believe in the leadership of Governor Makinde who he described as a soft speaker but deep thinker.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19 As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success? Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first airplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2) Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business? Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK