Lagos State government, on Thursday, announced the discharge of 40 COVID-19 patients, comprising 17 females and 23 males, including two foreign nationals from its isolation facilities across the state to reunite with the society. The state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, made this known while giving an update on the pandemic as the Incident Commander, saying the patients were discharged after they were certified to have recovered fully recovery and tested negative to COVID-19. The governor said the patients were 19 from Onikan, seven from Gbagada, three from Mainland Infectious Disease Hospital (MIDH), Yaba, eight from Agidingbi and three from Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH) isolation centres. He, however, enjoined Lagosians to continue to adhere strictly to physical distancing and hand hygiene principles to free the state of the pandemic. “Good people of Lagos, today, 40 #COVID19Lagos patients; 17 females and 23 males including 2 foreign nationals were discharged from our Isolation facilities today to reunite with the society. “The patients; 19 from Onikan, 7 from Gbagada, 3 from Mainland Infectious Disease Hospital, Yaba, 8 from Agidingbi and 3 from LUTH Isolation Centres were discharged after full recovery and testing negative to COVID-19. “Let’s continue to adhere strictly to #PhysicalDistancing and #handhygiene principles #ForACOVID19FreeLagos,” Sanwo-Olu stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.