The Ekiti State government has approved a new education policy that would guarantee the teaching of Information Communication and Technology (ICT) as a course from the primary cadre of education. The move, according to the government, would boost ICT know-how among the citizens and expand the scope of knowledge for more opportunities in the global community. The State Executive Council presided over by Governor Kayode Fayemi adopted the policy at its virtual meeting held in Ado-Ekiti, on Friday. A statement by the Commissioner for Information, Mr Muyiwa Olumilua, on Saturday: “The executive council approved the development of an Information and Communication Technology (ICT) policy in education for both primary and secondary schools in Ekiti State. “This is in furtherance of one of the major pillars of the Fayemi-led administration, which is the Knowledge Economy. The Policy was approved to fulfil the quest to commence ICT education right from our basic schools in Ekiti and to embrace a structured approach in building a robust, scalable and sustainable ICT culture. ALSO READ: APC group slams Makinde over proposed N100bn bond “The need to ensure that global practices are put in place, so that teaching/leaving will deliver and produce world-class products, cannot be overemphasised.” Olumilua said the proposed policy will cover six thematic areas, which include human capital development, infrastructure, awareness and communication, governance, financing and monitoring and evaluation. The commissioner added that the council also constituted to further finetune the details of the policy. He said the council also approved the memorandum on the Establishment of Ekiti State Institute of Local Government Studies Bill, 2020, which is to make a Law, to provide for the establishment of the Institute of Local Government Studies in Ilawe – Ekiti. Olumilua stated that establishment of the institute is for students to obtain training in Local Government Studies, Vocational Studies, community development and social work, ICT, and other relevant courses. “The council approved a memorandum on the review of Laws of Ekiti State, 2012 (Vol. 3&4). The review of the Laws is an ongoing process, to bring the five volumes of the first edition of the Laws of Ekiti State, up to date. “The provisions of the five volumes of the Laws of Ekiti State were last reviewed in 2009, and some of the laws have become obsolete, or repealed.” Olumilua said the laws passed by the Ekiti State House of Assembly since 2009 to date are not included in the five volumes. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE