Key players across the country’s aviation sector have expressed concerns over the unfortunate challenges brought about by the advent of COVID-19 pandemic even as they called for reduction in the number of staff on duty in order to reduce possibility of personnel contracting the pandemic at work. In a communique issued at the end of the webinar organized by the airport journalists in Lagos with the theme: ‘Nigeria’s Aviation Industry: Changing Times, Changing Strategies’, participants unanimously urged the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) to ensure total safety of passengers and other airport users once activities resume at the sector. While making case for appropriate spacing at the five airports designated for flight resumption during peak period, the stakeholders lamented how security check-in at the airports were still cumbersome, advised the FAAN management to device a means of reducing contacts between its personnel and air travelers in order to minimize the risk of contacting COVID-19 virus at the airports. Still on the need to reduce body contacts through the advantages available in technology, air travelers were encouraged to embrace technology by purchasing their tickets online as a way of reducing human contacts at the airports. Organisations should also  invest in Information Communication Technology (ICT) in order to reduce passengers’ facilitation and boarding as stated in Annex 9 of the ICAO standard and recommended practices which recommends only 30 minutes. Also, all the different check points for passports, narcotics, currency and other profiling should be harmonised and collapsed into three at the airport while airlines and other stakeholders were told to manage uncertainties in order to stay resilient and reduce job losses. Calling on all business owners to review their processes and operations, airlines were advised to show their level of readiness towards resumption of flight services, the government agencies were asked to test run their facilities before the airports are reopened with the ground handling companies and airlines told. Thinking out of the box, by rejigging and adjusting to the current situation is the only way to remain relevant. Appealing to the federal Government to provide single digit loans and Forex for the domestic airlines to cushion operational cost, stakeholders at the webinar made case for palliatives or a bailout for the airlines and other organisations for the purpose of supporting staff salaries, whose means of livelihood is presently at risk. Participants emphasised the importance of corporate governance, transparency, policy consistency and adherence to the rules of the game to make the sector more attractive to investors.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.