There was an impressive turnout of students in terminal classes in public and private schools in Oyo State on Monday as schools resumed almost after four months of compulsory break ordered by the government as it fought the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state. TribuneOnline’s tour of some private schools in New Bodija, Akobo and Basorun area of Ibadan, revealed that all private schools within the area were set and had prepared for resumption with due diligence to the laid down guidelines in preventing the spread of COVID-19. The schools had already established social distancing in seating arrangements with sanitising units and washstands at strategic points within their compounds and many also took body temperature of students before they entered the school premises. At Rosebud Schools at Alao Akala Expressway, Wofun Link road, 95 per cent of terminal students turned up in both the primary and secondary section of the school. Parents are not allowed to go beyond the car park while students were dropped at the gate to wash their hands and sanitise. Also, no student was allowed to enter without face shields and nose masks while body temperature was also taken. Students were not allowed to go out of their classrooms as they observed break time in individual classes and no student was allowed to leave the classroom after school until parents or guardians call the teacher that they are already in the car park. ALSO READ: Palace attack: Oniru sues for peace, warns officials against provocation This was the same scenario at Goodness and Mercy School and Goodness and Mercy College at Alegongo Area of Akobo. Only students were allowed to enter the school after washing their hands and sanitizing as parents were turned back at the gate and more classes were used to ensure social distancing. This was the same situation at Livingstone College and Top Rank Schools at Akobo; also at Great Minds in Basorun and Mary Hill Convent School at Idi-Ape. All the schools maintained strict measures in ensuring social distancing and ensured parents were given little access to the school premises. Also, all students were in nose masks throughout the time they spent in school. In all schools, students were directed straight to the classroom immediately they washed their hands and were not allowed to walk together while teachers also stood at distances to direct the students. All teachers and school staff including security officers also used face masks. Across all schools visited, the aura was one of joy as students joyfully followed instructions so that they can be allowed to go into their classes. There were an enthusiasm and obvious joy among students. Also, students of public schools seen on their way to and from school all used face masks in compliance with regulations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19 As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success? Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first aeroplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2) Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, the 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business? Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK