A group of young stakeholders in Kwara State All Progressives Congress (APC), under the aegis of the Coalition of Kwara APC Young Stakeholders (CKAYS) has called on the newly constituted national Caretaker Committee of the APC, led by Alhaji Mai Mala Buni, to dissolve the party’s leadership in the state. In a letter, signed by Alhaji Abdulrasheed Awobimpe and 10 others from the three senatorial districts in the state, the group which pledged its support for the Buni-led committee, also called for the dissolution of the working committees at the ward, local governments and state levels in Kwara State. The group said that the suggestion would encourage peace and genuine reconciliation, adding that the current party executives in the state are not a product of a congress. ALSO READ: With ‘Dey With Me’, Tjay brings hope, freshness to fans “They are the product of harmonization process that took place after the exit of executives loyal to former Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki in 2018. “The result of the harmonization process didn’t genuinely reflect the wishes of the members of the party” it said, adding that, some members feel that the harmonization process was manipulated by few individuals to favour certain groups, a belief that has led to mutual distrust and suspicion. Awobimpe explained that ”the executives at all levels are factionalized along so many caucuses and groups and the factionalization is creating dangerous tension within the party, with unimaginable degree of indiscipline being displayed. “With these aforementioned reasons, the only logical reason for peace and genuine reconciliation to happen within our party is to dissolve this current executive and allow free and credible congress devoid of any external influence to birth another new group of executives for our party in Kwara State”. Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE