D-19 cushion effect for leisure seekers, the management of La Campagne Tropicana Beach Resort, Ibeju Lekki, Lagos, has unveiled a new normal leisure package called Bespoke Entertainment. According to the management this is on the heel of the unprecedented trauma caused by the over five months of lockdown following the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. “The World Health Organisation (WHO) has also acknowledged that care must be taken to ensure that the measures put in place for COVID-19 do not result in the social isolation that leads to depression and suicides. “However, keeping loved ones and families safe during this pandemic is paramounth while recognising the need to promote mental health via controlled social interactions. COVID-19 is here to stay and we must find an African solution for living our normal lives safely. Aware of its impacts on the people, with the rising statistics of COVID-19 induced deaths arising from depression and suicide, among others, the management of La Campagne Tropicana Beach Resort, Ibeju Lekki, Lagos, has called on the people to engage in more active and productive physical activities in order to keep safe and alive. To this end, it has introduced what it calls ‘Bespoke Entertainment,’ which it said is an African solution for providing live entertainment in a safe mode despite the new world order that has been created by COVID -19. ‘‘Our Bespoke Entertainment is specially designed for couples, families and friends in groups of not more than 20 persons,’’ it said, listing the genre of music provided to include African, Rap, R&B, gospel,highlife, secular, old skool, and country music. The artistes presenting such entertainment will include upcoming and established talents while the planned presentation of these tailored entertainment packages would take place at various locations within the resort. Some of the location at the stages include the beachfront between the lagoon and the ocean; International  stage, Ilerigi one to nine, Laba (for resident groups staying in five labas), Kodi (for resident groups staying in five Kodis), Obieze, Amosan one and two, Ilerimi balcony and camp site within the resort’s forest. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Italian prosecutors have asked that two oil companies, Eni and Shell, be fined while some of their executives, both present and former including Eni’s Chief Executive Officer, Claudio Descalzi, be sentenced to prison in a long-running trial bordering on alleged corruption in oil field purchase in Nigeria… Read Full Story The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2016 governorship election in Ondo State and a former Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General of the state,  Eyitayo Jegede,  on Wednesday emerged as the candidate of the PDP in the party’s primary election… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, on Wednesday, warned officers of the force, to embrace professionalism as the law demands as well as shun illegal arrest, extrajudicial killings, torture and extortion in the country or face unforgivable sanction… Read Full Story The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria ( FAAN) has again condemned in strong terms the latest assault of an Aviation Security (AVSEC) staff, by the head of the Directorate of State Security ( DSS), Mr Safiyanu Abba,  for carrying out his assigned duty at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja… Read Full Story The political supremacy war within the ranks and files of the All Progressive Congress (APC) took a new turn on Tuesday, as the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige and chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Finance, Hon. Abiodun Faleke threw caution to the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE