Ms Chinwe Ugwu, former Transition Committee Chairman of Nsukka Local Government Area of Enugu State is dead. Ugwu died barely one month after her successor, Chief Patrick Omeje died of heart failure. Chief Bala Ugwu, the eldest brother to Chinwe confirmed her death to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Nsukka on Saturday. According to him, the sudden death happened on early Saturday morning at a hospital in Enugu as a result of high blood pressure. “My sister, the former TC Chairman of Nsukka Local Government died on Saturday morning. “The family of Ugwu at Ozzi Edem in Nsukka LGA has been thrown into serious mourning as a result of this sudden death,” he said. It would be recalled that Chinwe Ugwu was appointed the transition chairman of Nsukka Council on December 16, 2019, by Gov Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi. She served for three months and handed over to late Chief Patrick Omeje, chairman of Nsukka LG after February 29, 2020 Enugu State Council election in the state. But unfortunately, Omeje died on June 16, about three weeks ago. NAN reports that Ugwu’s death is the fifth of prominent persons in the state that died in the past one month. Others who died are former Sen. Fidelis Okoro that represented Enugu North Senatorial Zone, member representing Isiuzo state constituency, Chijioke Ugwueze, and veteran broadcaster and lawyer, Chijioke Okibe. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.