I am dazed each time I compare the achievements of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, in governance to the charade we are saddled with today in the name of governance. It is difficult to stay abreast of the dizzying pace of change in the world today and keep underdevelopment in check unless leaders in government are able to develop and re-develop ideas that would catapult the nation to greatness. Until the average Nigerian citizen is educated enough to appreciate the need for a change in the quality of education, health care, electricity, security, water supply, respect for human lives and the rule of law, etc, visionary leaders who will implement target-driven real visions that would tackle the multifaceted challenges contending with Nigeria’s progress will not emerge through the ballot box. It is about the wellness of 200 million citizens and not about the wellbeing of a single individual if the basic purpose of politics is for the common good. There has been a steady decline in the quality of governance since the exit of the founding fathers. Today, Nigeria continues to deteriorate and seems irredeemably so. We are always moving backwards while we pretend to be moving forward. For example, the problem of nepotism has assumed an alarming proportion in this current regime as it has never been witnessed in the history of governance in Nigeria. This is certainly undermining d peace and unity of Nigeria. The issue of securing Nigeria is a Nigerian affair; therefore, it should not be personalised, otherwise, the interest and progress of Nigeria as a whole are jeopardised. If the constitution personalises it, then it is not the people’s constitution. Selfless, honest and visionary leadership is sine qua non to Nigeria’s progress. There is an imminent revolt against poverty unless something is done urgently to stem it. It will arouse the resentment of the starving majority hitherto docile. A helpless nation turning round and round in a fatal spin may not survive the catastrophic implosion; a double tragedy in the face of the impending great recession. The people deprived of their daily pittance on $1:50 per day will see it as a last straw and demand retribution. Can any from among them emerge as the nation’s future leader, living a more discreet, more authentic, more noble life, not on something acquired without effort, but on something hard-earned and noble? Time will tell. It is one of the saddest of many sad spectacles that modern-day Nigeria presents politicians that continue imperturbably to plunder the common patrimony without a saviour in sight. John R. Jimoh,  Ijebu-Ode.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.