Following the controversy over the land dispute between the Nigerian Airforce and Ugondo community in parts of Makurdi and Gwer East local government areas of Benue State, Governor Samuel Ortom has appealed to Airforce to concede parts of the land to the host community. Governor Ortom stated this yesterday while briefing newsmen after a peace meeting between officials of the Tactical Air Command of the Nigerian Airforce, Makurdi and stakeholders from Ugondo community. Ortom said that he had appealed to the Tactical Air Command to concede 350 hectares of land from the 4,000 hectares housing the command to Ugondo Community to permanently end the age-long land dispute between the command and the host community. The governor noted that instead of 900 hectares of land been demanded by members of the community the Airforce should concede 350 hectares, the proposal he said the host community had accepted. ALSO READ: Tolulope’s sacrifice cannot be forgotten ― Gov Bello Governor Ortom disclosed that the Nigerian Air Force authorities in Makurdi had promised to consult the Chief of Air Staff on the issue and get back to him, giving assurance that the matter will harmoniously be resolved. According to the Governor, other issues raised by the community bothered on corporate social responsibility of the Tactical Air Command in the areas of provision of educational and health facilities as well as potable water which the command promised to address. On the issue of compensation which the community also requested, the Governor said he would follow up the matter with members of the National Assembly from the state to see how best the matter could be resolved. Governor Ortom used the opportunity to sympathize with the Chief of Air Staff and the entire Air Force formation in the country over the death of the first female combatant pilot, Tolulope Arotile and prayed God to grant her soul eternal rest and the entire Air Force and her immediate family the fortitude to bear the loss.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call the end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE