The House of Representatives on Thursday resolved to investigate the alleged missing of N100billion at the North East Development Commission, (NEDC). This followed the adoption of a motion on the need to investigate the alleged missing money sponsored by Minority Leader of the House Rep. Ndudi Elumelu (PDP-Delta). While presenting his motion,  Rep Elumelu recalled that “the Commission was established with a mission of coordinating funds accruing from the Federation Account and donor Agencies for the purposes of rehabilitating and resettling of victims of insurgency, reconstruction of homes, infrastructural development and tackling of illiteracy in the Northeastern part of the country”. He lamented that “there has been the massive displacement of Nigerian citizens in the North East, as a result of the activities of Boko Haram insurgents, where houses, schools, mosques, churches, farmlands and businesses were destroyed thereby rendering people homeless and jobless”. ALSO READ: FG sets up committee to eradicate sexual, gender-based violence He further pointed out that the “NEDC which was set up to ameliorate the sufferings of the people is alleged to be enmeshed in serious corrupt practices by the management”. He raised the alarm “that the corrupt practices include high handedness by the managing director Mohammed Goni Alkali, over inflation of contracts, awards of non-existent contracts, massive contract splitting and flagrant disregard for the procurement laws in the award of contracts. He expressed further concerns “that the N100 billion so far disbursed to the commission by the federal government is said to have vanished under a year without any visible impact on the refugees nor any infrastructural development credited to the name of the commission in the whole of the Northeast”. According to him, “there are allegations of how the managing director and his close associate’s diverted funds meant for the commission to purchasing of choice properties in highbrow neighbourhoods of Abuja, Kaduna and Maiduguri to the detriment of the suffering refugees and infrastructural development”. Rep Elumelu also indicted the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Hajia Sadiya Umar Farouk of illegally withdrawing money from the Commission. According to him, ” there are allegations of how the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster  Management, Sadiya Umar Farouk, was said to have entered into an unholy deal with the managing director of the commission, to illegally withdraw the sum of N5 billion from the account of the commission to purchase military vehicles without any recourse to the board, an act which completely disregards the country’s procurement laws and must be seriously frowned at”. He said he was disturbed that “though the managing director single-handedly procured all COVID-19 materials and supplies to the tune of N5 billion without approval from the board,there is said to be another massive corruption scheme on the verge of being implemented in the name of a housing scheme in Maiduguri without the board’s knowledge”. He warned that “this consistent abuse of procurement laws, if not put to check, may defeat the purpose for the establishment of the commission, hence the need for an urgent investigation”. When the motion was put into voice vote by the  Speaker, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, who presided over the plenary session, it was unanimously adopted  and it was resolved that “the Committees on Finance, Procurement and NEDC should exhaustively investigate these allegations and report back in eight weeks”. The North-East development commission Bill was signed into law in October 2017 by president Buhari to replace other initiatives such as the presidential initiative on Northeast (PINE) and victims support fund (VSF) and the board of management inaugurated in May 2019. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE