Many parts of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, were flooded, on Saturday, as a result of heavy rains which started in the early hours of the day.  It will be recalled that the ancient city experienced flooding in July 2018, with many lives lost and property worth several thousands of naira destroyed. The rains, which about started 4:30 am had continued to fall at the time of filing this report at 4:10 pm. Areas affected by the flood were Kuto, Amolaso, Isale -Igbein, Odo -Eran in Oke -Ibukun area, Abiola Way, Lafenwa, Abule Otun, Brewery bridge, Laderin among others. It was gathered that the river Ogun Bank was filled to the brim, while residents with houses in the flood-prone areas have abandoned their houses. A bridge linking Adigbe and Obada Oko, Tribune Online learnt was submerged by the flood. The State Commissioner for Environment, Hon Abiodun Abudu -Balogun, in a telephone chat with our reporter, said the government would continue to intensify effort in opening up the canals, in order to contain volumes of water. He urged residents to stop the habit of dumping refuse in drainages and other channels for a free flow of water. Abdul -Balogun said: “As government, we will continue to promote good and friendly environment. However, our people must cooperate with us in achieving this by not throwing dirt or refuse in the waterways, so as to avoid flooding. “We will continue to sensitise the people through various medium on the importance of living in a healthy environment. We need them to cooperate with us, government cannot achieve anything without them supporting us. We are clearing canals and drainages to ensure free flow of water.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Politicians Jittery As COVID-19 Deaths Spread •PDP, APC Tighten Access To Offices •Aged Lawyers, Judges Worried Too SENIOR government officials and party chieftains are running helter-skelter to avoid being hit with COVID-19 spiraling infection and disconnecting from their political base, a Saturday Tribune survey has shown… Read Full Story COVID-19: NCDC Confirms 454 New Cases, Total Now 27,564 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 454 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 27,564… Read Full Story Buni-Led APC Caretaker Committee On Nationwide Consultation, Not Reconciliation ― Tinubu National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday in Lagos, said there are no differences that needed reconciliation in the party, maintaining that what APC Caretaker Committee headed by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, was undertaking across the country currently… Read Full Story How Hushpuppi Plotted To Steal $124m From Premiership Club — US Govt ARRESTED fraudster, Ramoni Olorunwa Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, on Friday, appeared in a United States court to face criminal charges, including plotting to defraud an English Premier League club to the tune of $124 million, the US Justice Department announced… Read Full Story Why Ogunde’s Film Village Went Into Extinction —Kola Oyewo An Associate professor in Theatre Arts, Dr. Kola Oyewo is a Nigerian actor, dramatist, and scholar and was born some 74 years ago at Oba Ile, a town in Osun State. The veteran actor shared with FEMI OGUNTAYO in this interview, his experience as an old student as well as how the film village created by the late chief Ogunde… Read Full Story ‘My Wife Slapped Me, Poured Hot Water On Me ‘Cos I Told Our Daughter To Stop Bleaching, Wearing Trousers’ “She refused that I have a say in the home. She fights me for correcting our eldest daughter who is bleaching her skin and wearing trousers. She once slapped me for beating our fourth child and at another time poured hot water on me during a scuffle… Read Full Story Organ Harvesting Industry Booms In Lagos As Probe Deepens On Wednesday, the House of Representatives doubled down on its probe of alleged human organ harvesting business in Nigeria and the movement of the harvested organs abroad. Officials of government were quizzed, with a promise to invite another top official, the Comptroller General of Customs, for further questioning… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.