Governor Rotimi Akeredolu has extended hands of fellowship to other aspirants in the race for the ticket of the party, urging them to join hands with him in developing the state. Akeredolu who promised to commence the process of reconciliation to heal all perceived wounds in the party in the state, stated this in his acceptance speech after he was declared the winner of the APC primary. The governor pleaded with the aspirants to leave the past and move on as one big family in order to build a strong party. He said “as a way of engendering unity of purpose and cohesion amongst all party men and women, in a matter of hours, I shall commence, in an inexorable manner, a process of reconciliation to heal all perceived wounds. We need one another more in the future than now. “I salute the courage of my brother aspirants. They have enriched the contest, no doubt. I must say that I am particularly enamoured by the determination and the industry we all put into this endeavour. “All the same, the campaigns preceding this day have been noticeably fraught with mixed feelings. “Relationships in some cases may have been bruised and interests hurt. In other cases, methods deployed to run these campaigns may not have been pleasant. I plead with all of us to leave these in the past and move on. “This is more so that, all aspirants, including myself, were either victims or indirectly responsible for such unpleasant circumstances. We must find spaces in our hearts to forgive one another. “I am convinced that our individual pursuits were driven by the altruistic motivation to strengthen our great party and more importantly, take our dear State to loftier heights. ALSO READ: 774000 special jobs: N1bn to be injected into Ekiti economy quarterly ― Govt “Therefore, I find it delightful to say here and now, that we have all won together. Consider me as the custodian of your vision for the Sunshine State. Together, we shall move the State forward. Under my watch, we shall witness a more robust, reassuring and rewarding relationship” Akeredolu who polled 2,458 votes to win the governorship primary, to defeat Chief Olusola Oke who scored 262 votes said history is made. History is made not because of my victory at the just concluded primary of our great party. “In unpretentious terms, the strong will, dedication, perseverance as well as the palpable resolve of all-party men and women at this very event present a historic moment to behold” Meanwhile, one of the contestants, Hon. Isaacs Kekemeke said the party’s delegates have spoken through their votes and wish governor Akeredolu and the party well. Kekemeke in a statement, issued and signed by him, complained about the process leading to the voting saying “the voting was slanted, skewed and compromised to produce a predetermined result” He said “the advantages and opportunities that incumbency confer were overstretched to constitute the incumbent into both an umpire and a contestant. The delegates have spoken clearly and so be it. I wish the winner and our party well, but I am satisfied that the Lekeleke movement, our platform for the campaign had been widely adjudged, acknowledged and applauded for running a decent, issue-based, knowledge-driven, strategically unique and inducement-free campaign locally, nationally and even internationally. ” I am privileged to lead remains unwavering and undaunted in its commitment to a politics that prioritizes the welfare of the people and will continue to canvass free education, quality and affordable health care, jobs and decent livelihood for citizens. “I will, however, continue to insist that our Party, the APC must be a party for all its members and not just a party for a privileged few in positions of authority” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE