Google will be investing about 4.5 billion dollars in India’s Jio Platforms, the mobile digital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd. (RIL), Chairman Mukesh Ambani announced on Wednesday. “Google would make the investment of about 4.5 billion dollars by picking up a 7.7 per-cent stake in Jio Platforms,’’ Ambani said. Ambani, however, said that the U.S.-based company’s move would be subject to necessary regulatory permissions. He addressed shareholders at a virtual annual general meeting of RIL, India’s biggest conglomerate. ALSO READ: Consultant Anaesthetist at Central Hospital, Warri, dies of COVID-19 Ambani said that RIL was the first Indian company to cross-market capitalisation of 150 billion dollars with investments in Jio Platforms. Other companies that have equity in the firm include Facebook, Qualcomm, Intel, TPG and Abu Dhabi Investments. “What they bring is more than money. They bring a strong vote of confidence in our bold mission and our ability to execute,” Ambani said. Jio Platforms’ fully-owned subsidiary, Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd., provides mobile telephone services to 388 million users, which is about 31 per cent of market share. Jio has also developed a 5G solution from scratch, which is likely to be ready for roll-out in 2021 once the spectrum required is made available by the government. “Once it is proven in India, Jio Platforms would be well-positioned to be an exporter of 5G solutions to other telecom operators globally,’’ Ambani said. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Reps to investigate mass resignation of 365 soldiers THE House of Representatives has resolved to investigate the purported voluntary resignation of 365 soldiers from the Nigerian Army. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), this resolution followed a unanimous adoption of a motion of Matters of Urgent Public Importance by the Chief Whip of the House… Read Full Story COVID-19: Nigeria Confirms 463 New Cases, Total Now 33,616 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Tuesday, announced that the country has recorded 463 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total number of infections in Nigeria to… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.