Edo State people have settled for Governor Godwin Obaseki, candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party as against Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the All Progressives Congress, the People’s Democratic Party for September 19, 2020, has said. The party said this in its reply to the birthday message by the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Osagie Ize-Iyamu. According to the party in a statement, signed by the National Publicity Secretary of the Party, Kola Ologbondiyan said the description by Ize-Iyamu in his congratulatory message beat suits Obaseki. “The party said it had noted Ize-Iyamu’s goodwill message to Governor Obaseki on his 63rd birthday but pointed out to the APC candidate that the qualities of a governor which he listed best described Governor Obaseki. “Our party also notes that Ize-Iyamu’s message came at the time Governor Obaseki was also receiving massive outpouring of solidarity messages from the people of Edo state, including APC leaders, who called to express their support for the PDP candidate. “PDP appreciates Ize-Iyamu’s excellent description of the character traits of Obaseki, stressing that in line with his message, Governor Obaseki, has in the last four years, concentrated on unifying the state, doused political tension and remained completely focused on developing the state, which is the reason the people of Edo have collectively settled for his re-election. “Moreover, even APC leaders, including the former National Chairman of the APC, Adams Oshiomhole, had also testified to Governor Obaseki’s qualities including his testimony that “Obaseki had been part of the tradition, he knows the vision, he knows the mission, he knows the target, he knows the challenges and he knows how to overcome them”. “The question is; which another candidate in this election has received such approval, recommendation and acclamation by the leaders and people of Edo State except for Obaseki? “Furthermore, given his track record of performance, Governor Obaseki and the PDP are ready for a credible, issue-based and performance-driven campaign. “The demand of “high standard of behaviour,” which Ize-Iyamu demands is therefore left for him and his APC to showcase. “The PDP called on Ize-Iyamu to look inwards and counsel his party, the APC, against its usual resort to violence, mud-slinging, electoral manipulations which had even started in their nomination process. “The PDP also urged the APC to be ready to accept defeat as the people had already settled for Governor Obaseki. “The party commended the people of Edo State, particularly the APC members who had come over en masse to the PDP, as they collectively stand behind Governor Obaseki in this election. Ize-Iyamu had on Thursday sent a congratulatory message to Obaseki in which he said both of them have been chosen by fate to meet again in the quest to govern Edo State and develop it.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story Buni Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Akande In Osun The national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Ma Mala Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with the former interim national chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints More Ambassadors To Correct Imbalance President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors in a move to address complaints about the recent appointments of 41 non-career ambassadors… Read Full Story FG Converts All Govt Hospitals In FCT To COVID-19 Sample Collection Centre The Federal Government has converted all the government hospitals in FCT, Abuja, to COVID-19 sample collection sites, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Thursday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read Full Story AFDB, WTO, Others Seek Measures To Support Trade Finance In Developing Nations The African Development Bank (AFDB), the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and other financial institutions (MDBs) are collaborating to support trade finance in developing nations in a bid to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 on their economy… Read Full Story $1bn Cloned Account: We Welcome House Of Reps Investigations ― NPA Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority reiterated the non-existence of… Read Full Story Petrol Price Hike, Imposition Of Hardship On Nigerians ― PDP Opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the new petrol price hike from N123 to N143.80 as the imposition of hardship on Nigerians by the ruling All Progressives Congress… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Collapse Of Public Waterworks IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.