The Senate on Wednesday passed a bill to upgrade the Federal Polytechnic, Auchi, Edo State to a University of Technology. The upper legislative chamber also passed a bill seeking to establish the Nigeria Maritime University, Okerenkoko in Delta State and Federal College of Education, Giwa, Kaduna State. The three bills were passed by the Red Chamber following a clause-by-clause consideration of the report of the Senate Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. Checks revealed that the Bill seeking to upgrade Federal Polytechnic, Auchi to the University of Technology, Auchi was sponsored by Senator representing Edo North, Senators Francis Alimikhena while his colleagues from Delta South, James Manager sponsored the Bill for the establishment of Nigeria Maritime University, Okerenkoko. ALSO READ: NDDC has wasted huge funds, failed Niger-Delta ― Reps The Bill for the establishment of the Federal College of Education, Giwa, Kaduna state was initiated by Senator representing Kaduna Central, Uba Sani. While the bill seeking to establish the Nigeria Maritime University was sponsored by Sen. James Manager (PDP-Delta), the other two to establish the University of Technology, Auchi and Federal College of Education, Giwa, were separately sponsored by Senators Francis Alimikhena (APC-Edo) and Uba Sani (APC- Kaduna). Presenting the report, Kaita said that the Federal Polytechnic Auchi was currently running degree programmes in affiliation with Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Anambra with an enrollment of over 50, 000 students on full and part-time. He noted that upgrade of the institution to a Federal university would provide training of high skills in the areas of technical and vocational education.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.