Ahead of the September 19 governorship in Edo State, the Peoples Democratic Party ((PDP) has given reasons why Edo people will not follow the former national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, and vote for Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, the party’s candidate. Speaking with journalists yesterday in Benin, the state Publicity Secretary, Mr Chris Nehikhare, reminded that Oshiomhole’s campaign of calumny against Ize-Iyamu in 2016 where he ran on the ticket of the PDP was still very fresh in the memory of Edo people. Nehikhare insisted that there is just no way Edo people can trust the APC and Oshiomhole anymore because the erstwhile national chairman had during the last governorship election in 2016, disparaged and publicly campaigned against Ize-Iyamu. The scribe predicted that Oshiomhole’s attempt to hoodwink Edo electorates will fail as the people are now wiser, noting that the former national chairman has once come again out to beg Edo people for forgiveness, which according to him is another ploy to deceive the people. ALSO READ: Kwara Speaker, colleagues, pay condolence visit to Gov Abdulrazaq He said that it was not proper for the ex-Edo State governor to now turn around now to say he regretted supporting Governor Obaseki in 2016 and canvassing support for the APC candidate he had told the people in 2016 to reject. He slammed Oshiomhole for now supporting Ize-Iyamu as his favourite candidate for the forthcoming Edo State governorship election. The PDP spokesman wondered why Oshiomhole could now make a u-turn thinking he would succeed in selling the same candidate he warned could not be trusted with the number one office in the state in 2016 to now wholeheartedly support him after four years. Nehikhare said: “We also notice that the former chairman of APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole while apologising to Edo people, knelt down for forgiveness. We are not amused and we find it ridiculous that a man who stood on a podium four years ago to condemn his candidate for the September 19 governorship election in Edo State has resurfaced singing his praises. “But the same man is telling us he made a mistake four years ago. Edo people should ask, can this man be trusted? Edo people should not take him seriously.” He continued: “In 2008, he talked about ending godfatherism but we all know it was a ruse; as his present-day actions do not suggest what he said then and shouldn’t be taken seriously. “Edo people are wiser now, and we are determined to vote for someone that has performed. The Obaseki-led administration has made reforms in all sectors of Edo State. “The judicial workers are satisfied; salaries and pensions are paid as and when due. These are what make a government.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE