RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, trans-boundary animal diseases and upgrade of abattoirs. The Agric Minister, Sabo Nanono, announced the approval during the launching of the 2020 Dry Season Control of Trans-boundary or Migratory Pests on June 12 in Kebbi State. Giving a breakdown of the planned expenditure, the Director, Department of Veterinary and Pest Control Services in the ministry, Alabi Olaniran, explained that out of the N13.9 billion announced by the minister, N2.8 billion was for migratory pest control, N9.6 billion for the control of animal and zoonotic diseases, and N1.4 billion for the rehabilitation and upgrade of abattoirs. The N2.8 billion meant for the control of migratory pests, he said, would be disbursed to 12 frontline states of Kebbi, Sokoto, Katsina, Kano, Jigawa, Borno, Yobe, Taraba, Adamawa, Gombe, Bauchi and Zamfara, adding that the states were chosen because they were likely entry points for migratory pests from other countries. According to the director, no state in the South was chosen because “we are bounded to the South by the sea or ocean, so nothing comes in from there.’’ As he noted, however, the N9.6 billion earmarked for the control of animal and zoonotic diseases and the N1.4 billion meant for the rehabilitation and upgrading of abattoirs would be disbursed to all states. Apparently anticipating a backlash, the director offered the following alibi: “You know that Nigeria is endowed with very large livestock resources and presently, diseases are affecting the production level of our animals. So, this is the first time, really, that the government is providing intervention for the control of animal diseases. The other intervention is to upgrade abattoirs across the states. You will notice that most of the abattoirs in most states— if you have taken your time to visit some of these abattoirs, they are in very deplorable states. We are trying to see if we can develop a model.” In serious climes, no government would dare to make this kind of announcement. It is shocking that at a time when the country is heavily cash-strapped as a result of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, the government could be frittering away billions of naira under the pretext of fighting migratory pests and renovating slaughterhouses! It seems sufficiently clear that having apparently got away with serial oddities, including spending billions of naira on feeding school children who are not in school, the Muhammadu Buhari administration believes that it can get away with just about anything. To the best of our knowledge, no government, at least since the return to civil rule in 1999, has had the audacity to treat Nigerians in this patently uncivil and derogatory manner. Pray, just how do you carry out pest control in areas ravaged by insecurity? Is the Federal Government saying that in between the exchange of gunfire by the military and Boko Haram terrorists and bandits in the affected states, it would also be fighting migratory pests? Is there a pest epidemic? And, even more importantly, where are the farmers? It is an open secret that in the states listed by the Federal Government, bandits and terrorists have made farming activities  an extremely risky exercise, forcing thousands of farmers out of their homesteads and villages. We say without any fear of contradiction that most farmers cannot even go to farm in the affected states. Instructively, farmers’ associations have condemned the move. But if the migratory pests project can somehow be rationalised, just how do you explain the promise to renovate abattoirs in states in order to teach them how to build model ones? This, we believe, is just a fairy tale. Pray, when did the states request for model abattoirs? Nigeria is a federation and, as the Federal Government itself acknowledged, building or renovating abattoirs is really meant “for the state governments and local governments.” If so, what is so urgent about abattoirs at this time that the Federal Government wishes to expend scarce public funds on them? To say the least, this is unfortunate, especially given the crying financial needs of different sectors. In any case, going by the statement of the director, the government is not even sure about its intentions. His words:“We are just trying to see if we can build model standard abattoirs in the states so that the states can see and replicate. So that the meat that comes out of these abattoirs are really fit for human consumption.” Interesting. So this is all about experimentation? If the Federal Government’s statement is anything to go by, the meat being consumed daily across the 36 states of the country and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) is unfit for human consumption, and so it wants Nigerians to consume better and safer meat. But this is not within the purview of its constitutional responsibilities. So why not leave well enough alone? Given the litany of contradictions surrounding the project, we cannot endorse the N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund. We find its justification suspect and the initial approval unconscionable. This seems to be nothing more than mere excuses to play ping pong with public funds.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints Pam As Christian Pilgrims Commission Executive Secretary President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC)… Read Full Story Appeal Court Upholds Yahaya Bello’s Election As Kogi Governor The Court of Appeal, Abuja Division on Saturday affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the duly elected governor of Kogi State… Read Full Story MFM To Begin Another 30 Days Prayer Retreat The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has directed that members to extend the ongoing 30 Days Prayer Retreat which marks third session… Read Full Story 109,823 N-Power Beneficiaries Now Business Owners ― Minister The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, says no fewer than 109,823 beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme are now business owners… Read Full Story Who Flies APC Flag In Ondo? EXCEPT the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) handles the primary election or selection of its candidate for the Ondo State governorship election carefully, the party in the state may be heading towards another round of crisis similar to the one that engulfed it in Edo State recently which may cause it to… Read Full Story No Difference Between PDP, APC —Olateru-Olagbegi Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party… Read Full Story VOICE OF COURAGE:  E No Finish? The controlling leadership of ACN got a casual job in 2015 and took it like a mega contract. They did more than a month’s job for a day’s pay. They pawned everything in exchange for nothing. All core values were thrown away. The ancient landmarks of the fathers were set aside. Many of the icons in the land were… Read Full Story GIBBERS: Buhari Isn’t Judiciary’s Messiah (1) In the last 12 years, salaries of Nigerian judges have not been reviewed. In a review of the development of inflation rates in Nigeria between 1979 and 2019, by Worlddata,the average inflation rate was calculated at 19.2 per cent. Now, hold your breath. The report added “overall, the price increase was 80,304.39 per cent… Read Full Story Threatened Cooperation! Cooperative Societies In The Cloud Of COVID-19 ALL over the world, especially in Third World economies, one of the platforms through which peoples’ common business dreams and financial needs are crytalised is the cooperative society. A cooperative society is simply a voluntary association of individuals who have come together to pursue their economic goals… Read Full Story COVID-19: The Church And The New Order The Church is just one of the institutions that have been caught in the heat of the coronavirus pandemic following the ban on public gatherings for about three months as a way of controlling the spread of the virus by the federal and state governments… Read Full Story 40 Years After, Ayinla Omowura Remembered With Album As part of the activities to mark the 40th year anniversary of the exit of Apala icon, Waheed Ayinla popular as Ayinla Omowura, an album entitled ‘Anigilaje has been released in his honour… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK