AFRICAN Travel Quarterly (Atqnews.com), is set to announce nominations for the 2020 edition of Top 100 Tourism Personalities in Nigeria. The award is expected to honour personalities in the travel and tourism sector that have contributed to the growth and development of the sector. The tourism personality’s award will also recognise tourism experts who have promoted and advanced the fortunes of Nigeria’s tourism and hospitality industry. The Tourism 100 club is a list of the biggest and the best tourism practitioners in Nigeria. The Top 100 Tourism personality list will unveil top players in the Tourism industry and would also enable government, Foreign missions and various corporate bodies to know whom to engage when it comes to Tourism in Nigeria. The 2020 100 personalities will also be inducted into the Seven Wonders Project. They will be part of the nomination process to discover the wonders embedded in different regions of the country between June 2020 and November 2021. It will involve seven man-made and seven natural wonders of Nigeria. The process would involve government who would nominate as many locations as they desire. Members of the Tourism Club 100 Nigeria in the 2018, 2019, and 2020 class will act as judges to make a shortlist from the initial list nominated by the government. The public will start voting from November. The first compilation of Nigeria Top 100 Tourism club was published in 1999 by Travellers Magazine, the First Travel Magazine in West Africa published since 1996. It provides a database of ‘who is who’ in the tourism Business in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Italian prosecutors have asked that two oil companies, Eni and Shell, be fined while some of their executives, both present and former including Eni’s Chief Executive Officer, Claudio Descalzi, be sentenced to prison in a long-running trial bordering on alleged corruption in oil field purchase in Nigeria… Read Full Story The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2016 governorship election in Ondo State and a former Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General of the state,  Eyitayo Jegede,  on Wednesday emerged as the candidate of the PDP in the party’s primary election… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, on Wednesday, warned officers of the force, to embrace professionalism as the law demands as well as shun illegal arrest, extrajudicial killings, torture and extortion in the country or face unforgivable sanction… Read Full Story The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria ( FAAN) has again condemned in strong terms the latest assault of an Aviation Security (AVSEC) staff, by the head of the Directorate of State Security ( DSS), Mr Safiyanu Abba,  for carrying out his assigned duty at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja… Read Full Story The political supremacy war within the ranks and files of the All Progressive Congress (APC) took a new turn on Tuesday, as the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige and chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Finance, Hon. Abiodun Faleke threw caution to the… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE