MAIZE farmers in the country would anytime soon have cause to smile as the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has said that it would intensify its support to them in order to meet up with the production of 12.5 million metric tons of maize in the country in the next 18 months. Head, Development Finance Department, CBN, Mr Yusuf Yila, said this during a stakeholders’ meeting of Maize Growers Processors and Marketers Association of Nigeria (MAGPAMAN). The meeting focused on strategies for effective implementation of 2020 wet season CBN-MAIZE Anchor Borrowers Programme (ABP). Represented by Mr Elennor Ihua, Maize Champion, Development Finance Department, CBN, Yila said that increased support was crucial in driving maize value chain in the country. According to him, CBN is committed to ensuring that maize is a focal commodity in Nigeria. “CBN is passionate about maize as a commodity and we believe that there is immense opportunity in that crop and Nigeria has a comparative advantage to produce maize that will not only sustain the country but can be exported. “It is on that premise that the CBN resolved and decided to pursue the support of the maize initiatives. “Just this 2020 wet season farming, our total pursuit and target that we have met is 250, 000 hectares across the country and MAGPAMAN coming for the first time has taken about 70, 000.” “We have a mandate to ensure there is no maize scarcity in this country and to grow maize production in this country. So, our target for the dry season is that we are going to double that number.” “In the next 18 months from this dry season, our target is to do 2.5 million hectares of land of maize in this country.” “It means in the next 18 months, our projection for production is 12.5 million metric tons of maize and we believe with that and the other production around the country Nigeria will be self-sustainable in maize production,’’ Yila said. On his part, the Senior Commercial Officer, Commodities and Export Department, Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Mr Inuwa Ibrahim, described the move as laudable, especially at a time the country was diversifying its economy. Ibrahim, stressed the ministry’s commitment to partner with commodity associations that were determined to promote food security in the country. He urged the maize farmers to leverage on the CBN ABP support to prove they could produce for local demand. The National President of MAGPAMAN, Dr Edwin Uche, said that the association had received support worth N13 billion from CBN for the 2020 wet season farming. Uche urged the maize farmers to take advantage of the programme to improve maize production and be able to pay back the loan. “MAGPAMAN has received N13 billion for the wet season maize anchor borrower programme for 70, 000 farmers.” “It is a programme that provides farmers access to finance, technology and mechanisation and virtually to all key component of the value chain,’’ he said. While commending the Federal Government for its policies in agriculture, Uche said that the CBN-MAIZE ABP had profited the association immensely. “Our farmers have gotten their inputs and they have also received their cash components. They are farming and activities are going on and we are working to address gaps where necessary.” “Maize is one of the commodities that can pull people out of poverty, it has a short life span, short gestation period and you can do it two or three times a year, so what is an unemployed graduate doing when he can make a lot of money from it,’’ Uche said. One of the partners, Eco Bank, urged the farmers to regularise their accounts to fast-track easy access to the loan. According to the Regional Manager, North of CBN, Rita Ademola, it is a key factor in speeding up the process of getting inputs in time. Some of the beneficiaries said that the programme had aided in boosting maize production in their states. Chairman MAGPAMAN, Ebonyi state, Chief Eberechi Orji, said the programme supported farmers in the state to move from subsistence farming to commercial purpose. Similarly, Chairman, MAGPAMAN, Ogun State, Prince Adefioye Hammed, said that the programme provided farmers with the right seeds, chemicals, extension services and technical inputs to grow their crops. Chairman, MAGPAMAN, Borno State, Alhaji Allamin Npom, said that the state had received about 70 per cent farming inputs, adding that the programme had also provided opportunities for more youths to be engaged in farming in the state. According to Npom, no fewer than 10, 000 maize farmers are benefiting from the programme in Borno.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE