Traditional rulers in Anambra Central Senatorial District, on Thursday, disagreed with their colleagues in the Southern senatorial zone over the zoning formula for the 2021 governorship position in the state. The Monarchs, in a meeting held at the palace of the Igwe of Ukwulu community, Igwe Peter Uyanwa, rejected zoning of the governorship position to the south while condemning the call by their southern colleagues for other aspirants from other zones to back down. The monarchs said the quality of a governor is more important to the state than where he hails from. In a statement made available to Tribune Online in Awka, shortly after the meeting stated that: “At the meeting of the Anambra Central Traditional Rulers Forum held on 2nd July 2020, it was unanimously resolved that we dissociate ourselves from any zoning arrangement in Anambra State gubernatorial election. “That we in the Central Forum will only accept and encourage any credible candidate governorship candidate that is ready, willing and capable of delivering the dividend of democracy to Ndi Anambra.” Tribune Online learnt that the Traditional rulers of the northern zone of the state had earlier dissociated themselves too from zoning, saying that they seek the best candidate for the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.