Immediate past Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Yakubu Dogara has returned to the All Progressive Congress (APC). In line with this, he met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the State House, Abuja on Friday. Dogara was led to the president’s office by the Chairman of APC Caretaker/National Convention Planning Committee and Governor of Yobe state, Mai Mala Buni, who apprised Buhari of the latest developments in the ruling party. The former speaker did not speak when requested to by State House correspondents, but Buni confirmed that he has become a member of the APC. Recall that, along with former Senate President Bukola Saraki, Dogara left the APC for the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in January 2019. Mala said Dogara’s return is part of the rebuilding process of the ruling party, which only recently, overcame its leadership crisis with the sacking of the Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC). Asked why he was in the State House, the Yobe Governor said he came to brief the president on the latest developments in the party. “We paid a courtesy call on the President in continuation of our effort to rebuild the party. We are here to see Mr President and brief him on the developments,” he said. When told that it would be surpassing to some that he came with the former Speaker, he said: “They shouldn’t be surprised because the former Speaker is a member of the APC and he is because the reason he left the APC is no more there.” Asked whether Dogara had returned to the party, Buni affirmed: “Yeah, he’s back,” noting that President Buhari has welcomed him back to the APC fold. “He (Buhari) welcomed him. He’s happy with the development. That’s what he’s looking for. We are rebuilding the party and these are the steps we are taking towards rebuilding the party.” The party caretaker boss assured that efforts are on to get all aggrieved former members of the APC to return as long as they are willing to do so, noting that they will get fair treatment. Dogara added: “Well, we are meeting all our aggrieved members particularly (those) who have an interest in coming back to the party. They should feel free to do so. We are assuring them and there is no crime in double assurance.” While noting that the crises in the party will soon be a thing of the past, he added: “We will do justice to all our members and that’s what will bring peace and that is what will guarantee peaceful coexistence, that is what will bring the consolidation of the party, the rebuilding of the party. Without doing justice, you cannot achieve that and we are sure of doing justice to all our members.” When asked whether Dogara’s return is part of the 2023 strategy of the APC, Buni resounded: “Well, of course, not only 2023 strategy, this party, we are rebuilding the party to outlive all of us. It’s not only about specific time or period, its not about election, it’s not about electioneering. It is about building a party.” Dogara announced during plenary on Tuesday, January 29, 2019, that he had left the APC under which he was elected to the House of Representatives and became the Speaker. He has explained that his defection was due to pressures from constituents who have lost confidence in APC. I, Yakubu Dogara, hereby announce my defection from the APC to the PDP. In my own case, I would say I took the decision because of the wishes of my constituents who bought PDP nomination forms for me on 12 September 2018,” he said at the time. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE