The parents and the private school owners in the country have expressed shock over the Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu, announcement, pulling out all the SS3 students in all the 104 federal government colleges nationwide from participating in the forthcoming West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) being conducted by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) and also advised WAEC and various state governments to forget the exam for now. They said it was a shocking news to them because the development was in contrary to their joint agreement at the education stakeholders’meetings with both the Federal and various state government representatives led by the Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, as well as the representatives of WAEC, National Examinations Council (NECO) and the National Board of Technical Education (NABTE) in attendance. They said all of them were in support of WAEC to go ahead in conducting the exam and that was why the minister of state for education announced the schedules of the exam even before WAEC gave details on Tuesday. The National President, National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS), Otunba Yomi Otubela, and the National President of Parent-Teacher Association of Nigeria (NPTAN), Alhaji Haruna Danjuma, gave this hint in a separate interview with our correspondent on Wednesday’s night. They said, though, they were still not very clear about the news and the reasons for the federal government to make the U-turn, their immediate reaction was that they were shocked and confused by the development. ALSO READ: Scientists say moringa oleifera prevents cataract formation NAPPS boss, who said a majority of private schools had invested hugely in the last few days to make their schools safe and ready for the external exam, explained that the last stakeholders’ meeting of Tuesday where all the guidelines and protocols towards having a hitch-free exam were discussed extensively and conclusion made on adherence was chaired by the minister of state for education and also had the permanent secretary of the Federal Ministry of Education and majority of state commissioners for education, representatives of WAEC, NECO, NABTE and NAPPS, and so forth in attendance. “And nothing suggested to any of us that the exam would not hold,” he stressed. “And I have put a call to the Federal Ministry of Education as regards the latest news but it seemed none of them is ready to confirm the news. They said there was no memo issued to them in that regard till the close of work on Wednesday. “So, I still want to believe that until tomorrow when the true position is made clear to everybody before we make our own position too, but at the moment, I’m still in a shock.” Speaking in the same vein, Alhaji Danjuma, said NPTAN as an umbrella body of parents and teachers of students had earlier about three weeks ago at a virtual education stakeholders’ meeting with relevant government representatives and examination bodies had pledged their supports to ensure their children have what required of them to having a hitch-free exam. “So, this latest news is shocking,” he emphasised. “Though, we will get the clear picture tomorrow,”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Umar assumes duty as EFCC acting boss THERE was confusion on Wednesday over who steps in as acting chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), as the Director of Operations in the commission, Mohammed Umar… Read Full Story VP Osinbajo Denies Receiving N4billion From Magu Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has described online reports claiming that embattled acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu, gave him N4billion as false and baseless fabrications… Read Full Story Hard Currencies Found In My House Are Gifts, Ex-NNPC GMD, Yakubu, Tells Court The Former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Andrew Yakubu, on Wednesday, told the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja that the $9.7 million and £74, 000.00 the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) found in his Kaduna residence in 2017, were part of… Read Full Story Ondo 2020: APC Caretaker Committee Sticks To Indirect Primary The All Progressives Congress (APC) caretaker committee led by Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni, has upheld the decision of the dissolved National Working Committee of the party which adopted indirect option as the mode of primary to produce its standard-bearer in Ondo State, ahead of October governorship… Read Full Story What Nigerians Must Know About Bubonic Plague —Experts Bubonic plague, caused by bacteria and transmitted through flea bites and infected animals, is one of the deadliest bacterial infections in human history. In this report by SADE OGUNTOLA, experts review possibilities of bubonic plaque re-curring in Nigeria and how best an individual can get protected from it… Read Full Story Number Of Candidates Jostling With Okonjo-Iweala For WTO Top Job Increases To 7 Eight candidates are now jostling for the top job at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), seeking to convince its 164 members they can steer the body through intensifying global trade tensions and rising protectionism, Reuters reported on Wednesday evening… Read Full Story Fraud: Magu Must Face Prosecution, Says PDP The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) after reviewing the reported circumstances surrounding the investigation of the indicted acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, has demanded his prosecution… Read Full Story Police arrest herbalist, others linked to Ibadan killings THE Special Adviser to the Oyo State governor on Security, CP Fatai Owoseni (retd), on Wednesday, declared that peace would now reign in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state as those responsible for the rape and killings in communities across the local government had all been arrested… Read Full Story Ivory Coast PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, Dies After Cabinet Meeting Ivory Coast’s PM, Amadou Gon Coulibaly, has died after falling ill at a ministerial meeting, BBC reports. The 61-year-old had been chosen as the ruling party’s candidate for October’s presidential election after Alassane Ouattara said he would not seek a third term in office… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: Must These Floods Continue To Wreak Havoc? OVER the past couple of months, as the rainy season has set in, floods have caused deaths and extensive damage to property in different parts of the country. In Kwara State, at least three people were reported dead and others missing when a bridge embankment collapsed in Oko-Erin, Ilorin, the state capital… Read Full Story Club For Restructured Nigeria Welcomes Obasanjo: SNC Before 2023 Elections THE call for restructuring Nigeria has been the subject of discourse by many stakeholders who, over the years, have lent their voices – heard and unheard – towards revisiting the institutional, socio-economic and political structure of Nigeria. Without a doubt, diverse reasons exist for the call for restructuring Nigeria… Read Full Story Child Sexual Abuse And Psychosocial Wellbeing In Adulthood Child sexual abuse is a widespread problem that is, unfortunately, associated with stigma, shame and a tendency to secretly push under the carpet. Thus, in most instances, it often goes unreported. The family of the victim may also wish to avoid the societal stigma and public humiliation if it were to become common knowledge… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK