A document drafted to protect the rights of women and girls in Bauchi State, ‘The action plan for women peace and security’, has been validated by stakeholders for implementation by the state government and other policymakers in the state with the aim of protection of every form of violence against women. The disclosure was made by A consultant with a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO) known as International Alert, Dr Hassan Misari, while speaking with newsmen at the end of a two-day workshop on women, peace and security organised by the NGO in partnership with the Bauchi State Ministry of Women Affairs and Child Development funded by the Norwegian Government through UN Women. Hassan Misari explained that participants were drawn from relevant Ministries, Departments, Agencies, Civil Society Organisations, the Media and security agencies have gone through the document and validated it for implementation in the state. According to him, the action plan is in line with the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1325 aimed at providing enabling environment where the rights of women, girls and people living with a disability will be protected and perpetrators of violence against them will be prosecuted. ALSO READ: Indian hemp sellers, buyers in ‘free for all’ in Ilorin He further stated that the women peace and security agenda recognises that peace is inextricably linked with equality between women and men and affirms full participation of women at all levels of decision making as well as all efforts focused on peace and security. He said: “This is the final stage of a preliminary document that was developed by the Bauchi State indigenes. We are not the ones that developed it. It is a product of consultation around the state specifically concerning issues of women peace and security in the state. Hassan Misari added that; “There was a consultative meeting, there was a drafting workshop and then the ideas and contributions from different participants were developed into a document. And it is the document that we have come to validate. “By validating this document, it means people of Bauchi State have agreed to that document as a workable document in addressing issues of women peace and security in the state,” He emphasised. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE