The Delta State Taskforce on Environment has commenced demolition of illegal attachments and structures in Sapele, warning all those who have built on roads, federal and state land to beware. Illegal attachments and structures at Sapele Central Hospital, Market and Decimal Road other built on walkways and drainage were at the weekend removed by the taskforce. The Chairman of the taskforce, Hon Sylvester Oromoni, while speaking on the exercise, said the demolition became imperative as defaulters and violators had failed to heed to several notices served on them. According to him, the demolition of buildings and structures that did not conform with the existing urban rules and regulations in the state will not be spared. He warned all those who have built on roads, school properties and on federal and state land to remove their property immediately adding that the flagrant disregard of building codes and respect for extant laws guarding property development needed to be checked. Hon Oromoni called on the local government chairmen in the state to collaborate with the taskforce, to achieve the desired result. Speaking to newsmen on the development, some residents greeted the demolition as an act of wickedness especially in this COVID-19 era with its hardship, while others praised the bravery of the taskforce and salute its courage, noting that what the government stood to achieve was to bring sanity to the urban areas and restore the already defaced aesthetics of Sapele town. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE How ‘One Milion Boys’ gang leader, Ebila was killed Details have emerged of how the leader of Ibadan notorious gang, One Million Boys, Abiola Ebila, was killed on Sunday afternoon.  Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source who craved anonymity, that Ebila and his team kidnapped a middle-aged man whose name as of the time of this report could not be ascertained… Read Full Story 1,773 NDDC contractors allegedly abscond with mobilisation fees A total of 1,773 contractors were allegedly paid N70.495 billion by the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC)  as mobilisation fees without resorting to the site between 2008 and 2012. This was revealed as the House of Representatives at the weekend kicked-off its investigation into the N70.495 billion allegedly… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES: The Magu/Malami Marabout War There was an executioner in Old Oyo who specialised in cutting off his victims’ heads. He later sinned and was sentenced to death. At the point of execution, he demanded to know which part of his body would be cut: “the head or the feet?” The town yelled: How did you kill your victims? Ex-EFCC boss, Ibrahim Magu… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.