Customers are protesting the proposed Policy of the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) to end physical contact during the process of company registration and have adopted courier and mailing services to reach customers as a means of preventing the spread of COVID-19. The proposed policy which takes effects from tomorrow will fully be implemented by August 10th which will mark an end to customers visit the Commission Headquarters in the course of registration. Disagreeing with the policy, customers on Thursday stormed the Headquarters of CAC protesting against the policy that it was against the ease of doing business of the current administration. Responding to the issue surrounding the Protest, CAC said company registration certificates under the new policy will be sent to customers through courier services or electronically to avoid physical contact with clients. The Registrar General of CAC, Garba Abubakar said since the lockdown as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic was eased off by the Federal Government, “the premises of the commission has always been overwhelmed with clients which forced the management to take a drastic decision in compliance with the COVID-19 protocols to stop the spread of the pandemic. ALSO READ: Funtua was a bridge builder, pan-Nigerian statesman ― IBB ” We are a responsible institution. We have to abide by government directives. We cannot continue with this crowd in this place and somethings have to give way. “What we have done is to insist that mailing not have any physical contact with customers any longer. From tomorrow all new certificate will be sent through courier companies and the customers will bear the cost because they are paying for transport or buying fuel to drive themselves to this place, they can as well pay the cost of delivery. From 10th August every other process will be done by mailing” he said. Abubakar explained further that only skeletal service will be carried out at the Commission as outsiders will no longer have access to sensitive documents as practised in the past but operate based on accepted global standard practices. “We have been forced to revisit the existing system of dealing with our customers because since the ease of lockdown we have been allowing customers to come to the commission to do their transactions but the crowd is becoming uncontrollable and it appears to negate the COVID-19 protocol issued by the Federal Government on social distancing and the maximum number of persons that should be at a place at a time. “It was because of these concerns and the fact that based on the protocol, we are not supposed to work with the full complement of our staff. “The government guidelines say only officers on level 14 and above should be coming to the office and they work from 8 am to 2 pm. For an organisation like ours that registers companies, maintains a record of companies and also issue information to members of the public, it has been quite challenging because, in the past, we have service timeline where most of this services are delivered within 24 hours. “With this restriction on the number of personnel and the working hours, it is impossible to meet those timelines. So we are forced to suspend those service timelines and we made that known to the customers” he stated. The RG called on customers to show understanding, “we trying to press on the customers to understand that this is unusual times and in as much as we want efficient services, it is not possible under the present circumstance” he stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE