The Emir of Mubi in Adamawa State, Alhaji Abubakar Ahmadu has praised President Muhammadu Buhari for the ambassador nomination of Hon Kelvin Peter, All Progressives Congress (APC) vice-chairman of Northern zone of the state. The respected Monarch said he lacks words to use to thank Buhari for considering one of his trusted kinsman for the noble work. “Mr President, your good intentions of salvaging our dear nation out of the stagnant economic point and rebuilding our bartered relationship with other nations of the world is seen clearly bringing a positive result. ” I’m honoured to tell you I’m most grateful for seeing in one of my kinsmen, Kelvin Peter ability to join the progressive team under your able leadership to change the country’s narrative to the outside world. “Your Excellency with this wise decision of yours, I’m sure, and no doubt that you have gotten a reliable and dependable team player whose loyalty is never being questioned in any way. ” Thank you, sir! May good health and divine wisdom be yours as a virtue to lead us well in this country.” He said Peter who is the Garkuwan Fali in the Mubi Emirate, a former Council Chairman of Mubi North is among the 41 ambassadors who have been nominated for an appointment which the Presidency is waiting for their approval by the National Assembly. Also, the Christian and the Muslim leaders in Mubi local government council have joined the paramount ruler in thanking the president for taken one of their Son for service unto the nation as an Ambassador to be. The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev Bitrus Kwatri thanked the President for taking one of their own to be an Ambassador of the federal republic, he said it is a big plus and progress to the entire people of Mubi. He further said Peter has been a true servant of the masses, his ideal way of serving the people over the years has proven that he can serve the country in a larger capacity. He called on Kevin to truly be a worthy Ambassador to the National, the people of Adamawa state and the Mubi Emirate council. On his own part the leader of Muslim council of the local government, Ustaz Dan Mama said his joy no knows bound when he heard of the story of Kevin’s nomination as a waiting Ambassador. “I’m really full of joy and my happiness to the people of Mubi emirate for Buhari to named Peter an Ambassador to be, Mr President thank you for the love you have for us in Mubi and Nigeria which you are selflessly serving. ” Your decision on Peter is our joy, we are grateful, he is our son, we trust him and he can’t fail you because he was tested and trusted,” Dan Mama said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story Buni Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Akande In Osun The national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Ma Mala Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with the former interim national chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints More Ambassadors To Correct Imbalance President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors in a move to address complaints about the recent appointments of 41 non-career ambassadors… Read Full Story FG Converts All Govt Hospitals In FCT To COVID-19 Sample Collection Centre The Federal Government has converted all the government hospitals in FCT, Abuja, to COVID-19 sample collection sites, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Thursday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read Full Story AFDB, WTO, Others Seek Measures To Support Trade Finance In Developing Nations The African Development Bank (AFDB), the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and other financial institutions (MDBs) are collaborating to support trade finance in developing nations in a bid to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 on their economy… Read Full Story $1bn Cloned Account: We Welcome House Of Reps Investigations ― NPA Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority reiterated the non-existence of… Read Full Story Petrol Price Hike, Imposition Of Hardship On Nigerians ― PDP Opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the new petrol price hike from N123 to N143.80 as the imposition of hardship on Nigerians by the ruling All Progressives Congress… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Collapse Of Public Waterworks IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.