Italian prosecutors have asked that two oil companies, Eni and Shell, be fined while some of their executives, both present and former including Eni’s Chief Executive Officer, Claudio Descalzi, be sentenced to prison in a long-running trial bordering on alleged corruption in oil field purchase in Nigeria. The oil scandal which has been described as one of biggest scandal in the oil industry and the trial bordered on allegations by Italian prosecutors that the two companies (Eni and Shell) acquired a Nigerian oilfield in 2011 for $1.3 billion with the knowledge that most of the purchase price would go to politicians and middlemen as bribes. Prosecutors on Tuesday told a court sitting in Milan court, to jail Descalzi for eight years and Malcolm Brinded, Shell’s former head of upstream, for seven years and four months. Also, they asked that Eni and Shell to be fined 900,000 Euros each and further asked that the court confiscate a total of $1.092 billion from all the defendants in the case, a sum that is the equivalent of the bribes alleged to have been paid. All the defendants denied any wrongdoing on the argument that the purchase price was paid into an official Nigerian government account with all subsequent transfers being beyond their control. Eni said the prosecutors’ request was unfounded and it would show the company and managers had acted completely correctly and had in a statement claimed that “Eni is confident that the truth will ultimately be established” when the defence presents its arguments in September. Shell also in a statement said it did not believe there was a basis to convict the company or any of its former employees, adding that, “There is no place for bribery or corruption in our company.” Shell has further explained that the 2011 agreement was a settlement of long-standing litigation, following the previous allocation of the block by the Nigerian government to Shell and Malabu, a company owned by former Nigerian oil minister Dan Etete. There are 11 other defendants in the matter including former Eni Chief Executive, Paolo Scaroni, for whom prosecutors also sought an eight-year sentence. No date has been given for final ruling in the matter but further hearing has been fixed for September.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,

 Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE