Four men, Azeez Kareem (50), Usman Kareem (30), Oyeleke Amole (40) and Tunde Amole (37), have been docked before Magistrate Muideen Salami of the Oyo State Chief Magistrate Court sitting in Ogbomoso over allegations bordering on felony and murder in contradiction to the provisions of Section 324, Criminal Code Cap 38, Vol II, Laws of Oyo State of Nigeria, 2020. The four men with others at large were accused of killing a bulldozer operator, Aminu Maruf, in Òkè Igba near Tewure Village in Oriire Local Government Area of the state and also for committing other offences contrary to the provisions of the law The defendants were docked on a seven-count-charge of a felony to wit murder, attacking with dangerous weapons, conspiracy to commit a felony, firing a gun, malicious damage, encroaching on real property of another man identified as Debo Thomas and threatening violence on three men identified as Debo Thomas, Oyeniran Akintoyese and Nurudeen Rasak. ALSO READ: Equities investors lose N115.1bn as market reverses gain The men and others at large were alleged to have attacked Debo Thomas, the Chief Executive Officer of Hastom Farms, Chief Armstrong Olaleye, Olamise Alabi and other staff of Hastom Farms on May 3, 2020, on a disputed land where they had gone for land clearing and other farming activities. The land where the crime occurred is a source of dispute between Debo Thomas and another man identified as Odekanmi Olayinka Ishola, a former Local Government Caretaker Chairman in the state, who was alleged to have contracted the four defendants to drive people away from the land. It was alleged that it was during the attack that Aminu, the bulldozer operator contracted by Hastom Farms was shot in the thigh and he later died on the way to the hospital. One of the counts read “that you Azeez Kareem, Usman Kareem, Oyeleke Amole and Tunde Amole and others now at large between the months of April and May 2020, at Oke Igba Village in the Ogbomoso Magisterial District did conspire among yourselves to commit felony wit murder and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 324, Criminal Code Cap 38, Vol II, Laws of Oyo State of Nigeria, 2020. “ That you Azeez Kareem, Usman Kareem, Oyeleke Amole and Tunde Amole and others now at large on May 4, 2020, at Oke Igba Village via Tewure in Ogbomoso, at Ogbomoso Magisterial District did unlawfully cause the death of one Aminu Moruf, aged 30 by firing a gun at his leg while you waylaid and attacked him with stones and other dangerous weapons causing him grievous hurt on his chest leading to his death and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 316 and punishable under Section 319 Criminal Code Cap 38, Vol II, Laws of Oyo State of Nigeria, 2020. “That you Azeez Kareem, Usman Kareem, Oyeleke Amole and Tunde Amole and others now at large on May 4, 2020, at Oke Igba Village via Tewure in Ogbomoso, at Ogbomoso Magisterial District did conspire among yourselves to commit felony to wit, causing grievous hurt/ malicious damage and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 516 Criminal Code Cap 38, Vol II, Laws of Oyo State of Nigeria, 2020. However, their plea was not taken because though there were a prosecuting counsel, James Famuyinu and Barrister Tunde Olupono watching brief for Hamstom Farms, the defendant had no legal representation. The case was adjourned till August 18, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.