Relief has come the way of motorists plying Ojodu-Alagbole-Akute road in Ogun State, as the state government commenced pallative works on the 4.65km road to ease their pains. Tribune Online recalled that Governor Dapo Abiodun, had last Wednesday, said that the abandoned road project by his predecessor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, had been reevaluated and redesigned and that his government would soon begin its construction with drainages and complete it in record time. The palliative work on the road, according to the Commissioner for Works, Engr Ade Akinsanya was to make it a bit motorable and reduce the hardship faced daily by the motorists pending the major construction of the road which is slated to begin immediately after the rain. Akinsanya while speaking to newsmen shortly after inspecting palliative work on the road, said that the work was in response to the governor’s promise to mitigate the hardship of the users of this road pending after the rain when the construction works would start on the road. He described the road as part of the economic linkage the present administration had penciled down to revitalise so as to make life easier for the residents of the state in that axis and also ensure unhindered access to the neighboring Lagos State. Aside from the 4.65-kilometre Ojodu Abiodun/Akute road, Akinsanya also disclosed that the road coming from Sango to Akute, where the bridge can be seen would also be done, calling on the people of the State to be patient with the State Government in its resolve to make roads across the State motorable. ALSO READ: Passengers to pay N6000 as fare on Abuja-Kaduna train service He emphasised that palliative works would be done on Ojodu Abiodun-Denro Ishashi-Ajuwon-Akute Alagbole-Yakoyo, and Alagbado-Oke Aro-Lambe-Matogun roads and their environs. “This road is a vital road. It is a road linking us with Lagos State. It is part of the economic linkage our administration is trying to revitalise in this area. The new road is coming very soon. The design is ready. To make it motorable when it rains is the reason for the palliative work we are doing here today. There has been a lot of complaints on the road, but the Governor has directed us to make it motorable, even in the interim. “There will be a new road linking this place to Lagos. It is a 4.65 kilometre road. At the same time, the road coming from Sango to Akute here where you see the bridge – that also will be done,” he said. Tribune SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE