Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has charged President Muhammadu Buhari to demonstrate concern in resolving security challenges in the country and take appropriate measures to solve them immediately. The party in a release made available to journalists in Abuja said this was critical to national security especially as the security and political challenges in the country abound without solution-driven measures to stabilize Nigeria. According to the PDP President Buhari’s appearance in Mali, a nation which has its own challenges was a mere show that contrasts his own country that is troubled with security, political and economical challenges needing immediate solutions. To this end, the leading opposition party said: “The expectation of Nigerians is for President Buhari to invite other African leaders home and attract a synergy to find solutions for our own challenges. The PDP maintained that Nigeria is desirous of lasting solutions to the socio-political, security and economical trial the nation is passing through. “The PDP, therefore, urges the Buhari Presidency to stop ridiculing the President with showboating trips outside the country while governance is failing at home. The release signed by Kola Ologbondiyan, national publicity secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party said President Muhammadu Buhari’s choice of a photo-op trip to troubled Mali while failing to find the solution to the myriads of political, economic and security crisis ravaging our nation has once again called to question his determination to face the challenges of our country under his incompetent watch. “The PDP asserts that since President Buhari has shown that he can leave the comfort and safety of the Presidential Villa, he should respond to the distress calls by Nigerians and immediately visit Katsina, Kaduna, Zamfara, Taraba, Benue, Borno, Adamawa, Sokoto, Yobe and other states of our nation being daily pillaged by bandits, insurgents, kidnappers and marauders. “The party described Mr President’s prioritization of the situation in Mali over the worsening political and economic instability, festering corruption as well as escalated banditry, killings and bloodletting in various parts of our country as a misplacement of governance urgency as well as an inexcusable dereliction of statutory responsibilities vested on the person and office of the President and Commander in Chief of our nation. “The PDP laments that a President and Commander-in-Chief who cannot live up to his statutory governance responsibility at home but is always preoccupied with seeking photo opportunity abroad leaves much to be desired. “While the PDP has nothing against Nigeria’s participation in seeking peace in troubled Mali, it is however depressing that, upon re-opening his doors, President Buhari had Mali as his priority destination and could not demonstrate the littlest solidarity with Nigerians, even if it is a whistle-stop at any of our military posts in the fronts or any of the distressed states. “Our party believes that Mr President receives a regular briefing on the worsened security and economic situation in our country and ought to take these issues as a priority. “Indeed, Mr President must be receiving a regular briefing on the daily ravaging of communities and mindless killings in Katsina, his home state; Kaduna, Zamfara, Taraba, Benue, Borno, Adamawa, Sokoto, Yobe states, among others in addition to the reported challenges facing our gallant soldiers in the fronts, yet upon reopening of his doors, he chose to jet away to Mali instead of addressing these critical issues at home. “Mr President has taken no decisive steps to address the worsening economic situation in our country, which is daily plummeting in his hands, the accumulating foreign debts, plundering of foreign reserves, frightening unemployment rate, devaluation of our naira, high cost of living and issues of reduced life expectancy in Nigeria. “He has also failed to forcefully confront the widespread corruption that has become a hallmark of his administration in which officials and leaders of his party have been engaging in unbridled treasury looting as being exposed in the investigative hearings at the National Assembly. “Moreover, under the Buhari-led All Progressives Congress (APC), our nation has experienced the worst form of division and instability in the polity due to the unchecked violation of our constitution, disregard to principles of separation of powers and federal character; manifest arrogance of government officials, abuse of human rights, nepotism, disobedience to court orders, stifling of free speech, harassment of opposition and violation of extant statutory regulations. “Nigerians, therefore, wonder what President Buhari has to present on the table in Mali alongside other West African leaders when his administration has failed to demonstrate the required commitment to confront our domestic political, economic and security challenges, which escalated due to its incompetence and seething corruption. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!