Persons including the deputy governor of Oyo State, Mr Rauf Olaniyan were unable to gain access into the venue of the eighth-day fidau prayer for the former governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, held on Sunday. Olaniyan, in a convoy of some other government officials, had arrived at about 11.20 am only to be told that the gate had been shut because only a limited number of persons were desired so as to ensure adherence to COVID-19 protocols. Efforts made to notify persons inside the house that it was the deputy governor that was being held outside proved abortive before the deputy governor entered his car and was driven away. Within about 10 minutes that the deputy governor waited outside in his car, there were threats and altercations whereby security details at the gate leading into the event rebuffed entreaties by the deputy governor’s security details to allow their boss in, while photographer attached to the deputy governor was also warned against taking pictures of the scene. While the drama outside lasted, the prayer continued with the wife of the deceased, Mrs Florence Ajimobi and children alongside Senator Teslim Folarin, former governor Adebayo Alao Akala among dignitaries present. However, media aide to the late governor, Mr Bolaji Tunji, in his reaction, said the deputy governor arrived after the prayer had started, while the event was strictly meant to be a family affair. Tunji said the gate was shut because of the need to ensure social distancing with not more than 30 persons expected to be seated. He added that the protocol or advance team of the deputy governor did not notify the Ajimobi family of Olaniyan coming to attend the event. However, on arrival of the deputy governor, Tunji said the family was making attempts to make space for Olaniyan to sit in a private sitting room but he left before they returned. Tunji explained that there was no intention to spite the deputy governor. “No one was aware that the Deputy Governor was coming as neither the advance team nor the protocol informed us. “By the time we got to the gate to usher him into the sitting room, he had left. Everything happened within a spate of 10mins. “Through a serving Senator and a former Attorney General, we tried to get in touch with him that it was not to slight him and he could sit in a private sitting room provided by the family. Unfortunately, he had left. We, however, apologise to his Excellency,” Tunji said. In a counter-reaction, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo State chided the position of the Tunji, positing that the Ajimobi family was well informed in advance that the deputy governor will be leading a delegation to the event. The party in a statement by its publicity secretary, Mr Akeem Olatunji, added it was difficult to accept that the event was a private family affair with former governor Alao Akala present at the venue. The party decried that the Ajimobi family continued to rebuff the hands of fellowship extended by the Governor Seyi Makinde government. “To the unsuspecting members of the public, kindly disregard APC Media Team Press Release in its entirety; it wasn’t a private family affair because Otunba Alao Adebayo Akala and many others were there and the family were well informed in advance that the Deputy Governor would be leading the Government delegation to the event. “Kudos to His Excellency Engr Rauf Olaniyan for displaying high level of maturity and Omoluabi ethos that he and His Excellency Engr Seyi Makinde are known for. “The more the Governor try to extend hands of friendship the more they rebuff his good gesture,” the Oyo PDP statement read. Meanwhile, in a sermon at the fidau, Chief Imam, Oluyole Extension Central Mosque, Alhaji Atanda Bada, spoke of the impossibility of humans to be perfect and the inevitability of death. Noting that Ajimobi lived out a life of dignity and several core values which were being applauded even in death, Bada said it was fitting to remember and pray for the dead. Doing the sermon in Yoruba, renowned Islamic preacher, Alhaji Ajani Bello urged wife of the deceased, Florence Ajimobi to continue to pray to God to forgive the misgivings of her husband. Bello also tasked Florence Ajimobi to ensure pay good attention to the disciplined conduct of her children and ensure they don’t go astray. Bello said Florence Ajimobi would observe 130 days of mourning dating from June 25, that her husband died, to end on November 2. Chairman, Muslim Community of Oyo State, Alhaji Kunle Sanni praised the late Ajimobi for ensuring there was no religious crisis in the state for eight years of being governor. Son of the late governor, Idris Ajimobi described the late Ajimobi as irreplaceable, an epitome of a great leader and one who set a standard that the family will continue to aspire to achieve. “Our father was the epitome of a great leader and human empathy, always kind and loving, playful yet serious, father yet a good friend, husband yet best friend. “Our father is irreplaceable and will greatly be missed. We’ve experienced a great loss. You came, you saw, you conquered. You’ve set a standard that we’ll forever aspire to achieve. “We shall continue to make you proud. Your memory will continue to live on in us and Insha Allah, will never die,” Idris Ajimobi said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 603 New COVID-19 Cases, Total Now 28,167 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 603 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 28,167… Read Full Story COVID-19: Why govs, others are more at risk —Medical experts MEDICAL experts have spoken on factors that are capable of putting governors and other key political leaders on the first line of the coronavirus pandemic in more danger. They, however, dispelled as untrue the notion that the incidence of COVID-19 is higher among political office holders or health workers as many people assume… Read Full Story UN Suspends Air Services As Terrorists Attack Chopper In Borno The United Nations (UN) on Saturday announced a suspension of humanitarian air services in the northeast following the latest attack on one of its helicopters in Borno… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints Pam As Christian Pilgrims Commission Executive Secretary President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC)… Read Full Story Appeal Court Upholds Yahaya Bello’s Election As Kogi Governor The Court of Appeal, Abuja Division on Saturday affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the duly elected governor of Kogi State… Read Full Story MFM To Begin Another 30 Days Prayer Retreat The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM), Dr Daniel Olukoya, has directed that members to extend the ongoing 30 Days Prayer Retreat which marks third session… Read Full Story 109,823 N-Power Beneficiaries Now Business Owners ― Minister The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, says no fewer than 109,823 beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme are now business owners… Read Full Story Who Flies APC Flag In Ondo? EXCEPT the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) handles the primary election or selection of its candidate for the Ondo State governorship election carefully, the party in the state may be heading towards another round of crisis similar to the one that engulfed it in Edo State recently which may cause it to… Read Full Story No Difference Between PDP, APC —Olateru-Olagbegi Martins Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi is an aspirant of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the forthcoming governorship election in Ondo State. He speaks with HAKEEM GBADAMOSI on the preparedness of the party… Read Full Story VOICE OF COURAGE:  E No Finish? The controlling leadership of ACN got a casual job in 2015 and took it like a mega contract. They did more than a month’s job for a day’s pay. They pawned everything in exchange for nothing. All core values were thrown away. The ancient landmarks of the fathers were set aside. Many of the icons in the land were… Read Full Story GIBBERS: Buhari Isn’t Judiciary’s Messiah (1) In the last 12 years, salaries of Nigerian judges have not been reviewed. In a review of the development of inflation rates in Nigeria between 1979 and 2019, by Worlddata,the average inflation rate was calculated at 19.2 per cent. Now, hold your breath. The report added “overall, the price increase was 80,304.39 per cent… Read Full Story Threatened Cooperation! Cooperative Societies In The Cloud Of COVID-19 ALL over the world, especially in Third World economies, one of the platforms through which peoples’ common business dreams and financial needs are crytalised is the cooperative society. A cooperative society is simply a voluntary association of individuals who have come together to pursue their economic goals… Read Full Story COVID-19: The Church And The New Order The Church is just one of the institutions that have been caught in the heat of the coronavirus pandemic following the ban on public gatherings for about three months as a way of controlling the spread of the virus by the federal and state governments… Read Full Story 40 Years After, Ayinla Omowura Remembered With Album As part of the activities to mark the 40th year anniversary of the exit of Apala icon, Waheed Ayinla popular as Ayinla Omowura, an album entitled ‘Anigilaje has been released in his honour… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.