Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara State has invited the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to conduct an independent probe into funds so far received and disbursed to the 16 Local Government Areas between May 2019 and now. A statement by the chief press secretary to the governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, in Ilorin on Tuesday said that panel of inquiry, comprising members from various backgrounds, will also be set up to look into the Local Governments’ funds. “For the sake of accountability and transparency, the governor is hereby calling on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to conduct an urgent probe into funds so far received as allocations and spent by the 16 local governments between May 29 and now. “Separately, the governor will also be setting up a panel of inquiry to look into the same issues. Members of the panel and its terms of reference would be announced soon. ALSO READ: Court adjourns EFCC suit against Ize-Iyamu, others to October 15 “This probe is borne out of the fact that this administration has not touched a kobo of money belonging to the local governments. It has nothing to hide. But for an abundance of caution, the governor will be tasking, not just the EFCC but also a panel of inquiry with members drawn from various backgrounds to investigate the LG funds, how they have been spent, and expose any mismanagement or diversion of the funds (if any). “The call becomes necessary in view of the outrageous claims by some persons that money to the tune of N300million was diverted monthly from LG accounts. “The administration feels this deserves to be probed and laid to rest because governance is about public trust. “Similarly, His Excellency appeals to the House of Assembly — which comprises the elected representatives of the people with oversight powers – to hold a public hearing on the said matter. “The governor restates that he would not be found mismanaging or siphoning public funds. He maintains his stand, which dated back to his days in the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), that the local governments should be allowed to manage their own funds with minimal or no supervision by the state as the law may allow. He insists that any official found to have diverted or mismanaged public funds under him would be made to account for the same as prescribed under the law”. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.