Following the alarm raised by the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) over 13 expected vessels that had earlier called at high risk COVID-19 countries, stakeholders in the nation’s maritime sector has called for feedback on how the vessels are received on arrival in Nigerian waters, stating that raising alarm on the impending visit of the vessels is not enough in the fight against the deadly corona virus pandemic. Recall that NIMASA had raised the red-flag on 13 vessels expected to berth at different ports in the country following their call at Covid-19 high risk countries. Speaking to the Nigerian Tribune exclusively, a senior lecturer with the Federal College of Fisheries and Marine Technology in Lagos, Captain Fola Ojutalayo lauded NIMASA’s whistle-blowing act on the impending visit of the 13 vessels. According to Captain Ojutalayo, “NIMASA should be lauded for taking the bold initiative to go public with the names and last port of call of these 13 vessels expected at Nigerian ports, even though it is not their direct responsibility to do that. “Now the focus should be on what happens next after NIMASA raised the alarm. How responsible agencies of government act when these vessels arrive should be the next focus and Nigerians deserve to know how the ships were handled when they arrived. “NIMASA has blown the whistle, and raised the alarm, what happens next is what should concern us as a nation. Don’t forget that organisations that have nothing to do with health had in time past, exploited shipping lines at our ports. Will some agencies of government latch on to what NIMASA has done to extort shipping lines? Will some of the listed vessels among the 13 ships that were mentioned by NIMASA get preferential treatment on arrival at our ports? I think that is what should concern us as a nation. Nigerians deserve to know how these ships were handled when they arrive.” Also speaking with the Nigerian Tribune, a senior lecturer at the Lagos Business School, Dr. Frank Ojadi cautioned against vindictive action on the 13 expected ships. In his words, “What NIMASA has done is what should be viewed as a whistleblower action, and should be praised. Now, Nigerians are aware that 13 vessels are coming into our ports from high risk COVID -19 countries. “However, we have to be very careful so that this whisleblowing act of NIMASA is not used by some other agencies vindictively or as a means of extorting money from shipping lines. That tendency is always there in our ports, and we need to be very careful so that other people don’t misuse NIMASA’s good motive.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.