In its resolve to ease intracity transportation in Bauchi following the ban placed on the operations of commercial motorcycles, Bauchi State Government has procured and distributed 345 units of commercial tricycles popularly called Kèké NAPEP. While distributing the Kèké to the beneficiaries at the premises of the State Development Board (SDB) on Wednesday, State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir said that the move by his administration is a kind of palliatives measure to cushion the negative effects of COVID-19 pandemic in the area of transportation. The Governor explained that the program is being implemented under the Kaura Empowerment Scheme 2020 managed by the Ministry of Cooperative, Small and Medium Enterprises which will procure a total of 1000 units of kèké to be given out to the beneficiaries on loan at a subsidized amount. He further explained that it is a revolving scheme as all the beneficiaries are expected to pay the amount of the kèké within 24 months so that more of the units will be procured and distributed until every village in the state get a sizeable number. Bala Mohammed reiterated the commitment of his administration to enhancing human capital development for the betterment of the citizenry stressing that more job opportunities will be created for youths and women warning that government will not tolerate any act of indolence. ALSO READ: Kaduna: Police arrest 207 suspected bandits, kidnappers He further explained that the ban on commercial motorcycles operation is a temporary one until the COVID-19 pandemic was reduced drastically in order to promote social /physical distancing protocol stressing however that the ban in the state capital is permanent. The governor then warned the beneficiaries of the scheme to ensure that they do the daily remittance of the agreed amount to enable the revolving scheme to benefit others who are on the queue waiting for their turns. In his address earlier on, the Commissioner of Ministry of Cooperative, Small and Medium Enterprises, Usman Mohammed Saleh said that the program is in fulfilment of one of the campaign promises of the Governor to create employment opportunities for the youths. He added that the Ministry has completed all bank procedures and is standing as guarantor for the scheme just as the Governor refused the proposal for an initial deposit of N100, 000 by each of the beneficiaries but directed that the Keke should be given out to the union which will ensure that the amount was repaid within 24 months. It is expected that each of the beneficiaries will make a daily delivery of the sum of N1000 which must be deposited at the Yankari Microfinance Bank before going out for the next day’s operation just as the tricycles are to be parked centrally in one location for security purpose.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows… Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under… Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others… Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement… Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE