Popular entertainer and social media influencer, Oluwagbenga Oluwafemi Dawodu, commonly known as Kristen Dawodu, has tasked youths to be more creative, noting it would help them achieve their career ambitions. According to him, innovation and creativity are key parts of achieving growth in one’s career as the act of being creative, diverse, collaborative and intuitive would only yield positive rewards. “Taking small steps to accomplish this goal is the way to go, but there need to be support and encouragement. Taking a risk and sometimes even looking at failure as fuel for innovation can help promote this process, if something does not work, we can learn from it, and then modify and try again. Additionally, Kristen listed some things the youth should do to enhance innovation and creativity. According to him to be innovative and creative one must be active in learning, involve in collaboration with others and share ideas, always be ready to take a risk, move forward in endeavours, and diversify. However, he noted its ones ability to tap into their inner pool of resources, knowledge, insight, information, inspiration and all the fragment populating that will eventually make them extraordinary. Speaking on Social Media, Dawodu said: “The use of social media has both negative and positive impact on our youths today. I aim to bring to light its impact, specifically to the youths and how it has always favoured my career. “Conclusively, your ability to generate innovative and creative ideas is not merely a function of the mind, but also a function of some key behaviours that optimise your brain for discovery which are associating, questioning, observing, networking and experimenting. As a talented youth, explore and do things in an uncommon way.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.