Zamfara House of Assembly has passed the bill which gives full financial autonomy to the state judiciary into law. According to a statement issued to Tribune Online, on Thursday, and signed by the Assembly’s Public Relations Officer (PRO), Mustapha Ja’afaru, said the new law is awaiting the governor’s assent. The statement also disclosed that the passage of the law was in line with section 123 subsection a, and b of the 1999 constitution as amended. The statement observed that with the passage of the law by the 6th Assembly of Rt Hon Nasiru Mu’azu Magarya, Zamfara is now set for the full implementation of financial autonomy to both judiciary and legislative arms. Earlier, the justice and judiciary committee of the House headed by the deputy House leader, Hon Nasiru Bello Lawal Bungudu, presented to the House the report of the committee for deliberations and subsequent considerations. To this end, the Speaker of the House Mu’azu Magarya and members went ahead to read and approved all the recommendations of the committee and ordered the to give the bill third and final reading and subsequently passed it into law. It could be recalled that the 5th Assembly under the leadership of Rt Hon Sanusi Garba Rikiji had in 2018 passed into law the financial autonomy of the state legislature. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.