In preparation for the commemoration of the 75th anniversary of the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings worldwide, the Federal Government has been urged to ratify and deposit its instrument of ratification on the treaty it signed on Prohibition on Nuclear Weapons in 2017 alongside 121 other countries that voted to adopt the treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons at a meeting of the United Nations. The group, International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (iCAN), a Nobel Peace Prize winner, made the call against the background of a decision by the Federal Executive Council in 2019 which approved the process and mandated the Ministry of Justice to work on the ratification, expressing hope that Nigeria will also put its name on the list of African countries like South Africa and the Gambia, that has ratified the treaty to secure world peace. iCAN made the call in Ibadan on Tuesday at a program attended by its campaign partners and collaborating organizations; the Institute of Church and Society, Ibadan, Cultural Youth Initiative Movement of Nigeria, International Physician for the Protection of Nuclear Weapon and the Student Christian Movement in commemoration of the third year anniversary of signing the treaty prohibiting nuclear weapons by Nigeria. Speaking on behalf of the group, the Director, Institute of Church and Society, Samonda, Ibadan, Very Reverend Kolade Fadahunsi, said the Nigerian government has shown leadership and commitment by signing the treaty three years ago but now needs to take the next step by submitting the document with the United Nations ahead of the August 6 celebration, adding that the step will portray Nigeria as a giant indeed and the move will also encourage other African nations to follow in its step. According to him, any use of nuclear weapons would severely undermine the Sustainable Development Goals because a nuclear attack in any part of the world would destroy major infrastructure, disrupt the economy, cause irreversible damage to the environment to besiege survivors with chronic illnesses and genetic damage that would be passed on to future generations. ALSO READ: 14 more corpses recovered in Benue boat accident He stated that the risk of use of nuclear weapons is on the rise and it is important that nuclear weapon issues should not be left in the hands of the nuclear-armed states because nuclear weapons are incapable of distinguishing between military and civilian targets or between combatants and non-combatants. He stated further that 38 countries have ratified the treaty and there is still 12 to go to reach the required 50 countries needed to translate the treaty into a law that will be binding on nations, including those who possess nuclear weapons and those who do not. “As it is, no one can produce or use landmines anymore based on international legislation and that is what we are working on presently to make sure that nuclear weapon becomes a thing of the past across the world by the legislation of collaborative countries. The Federal Government has taken a big step by, one, signing the treaty in 2017 which is to demonstrate that it is in support of the treaty. “We are expecting the government now to go the next step, which is the ratification of the treaty by depositing the instrument of ratification at the United Nations because Nigeria belongs to the core group of African countries that have signed the 1968 treaty which pronounced Africa as a free zone from nuclear weapons, so if that is already in place, it is left to bring it to reality by showing the leadership that Nigeria has in encouraging other West African countries in towing the lines that South African and the Gambia had towed. “The implication of the decision for Nigeria is not negative because disarmament issues are something of national and international concern but the positive implication would be that Nigeria has taken a courageous decision and step to say we don’t want to support weapon of mass destruction and also that Nigerian is ever conscious about the consequences of the population of the people of Nigeria which we don’t want to be affected in any way by any use of a weapon of any kind, be it biological, chemical or nuclear,” he said. Also, a letter written by an atomic bomb survivor of Hiroshima, Ms Setsuko Thurlow, a 2017 Nobel Peace Laureate, to President Muhammadu Buhari was publicly read. Ms Thurlow urged the president to reflect on the catastrophic harm that nuclear weapons inflict and honour victims of atomic bombings by taking action to become a state party without delay and commit to eliminating them as a matter of urgency. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Journalists Barred As Panel Grills Magu In Aso Rock The acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, is currently being grilled by a panel set up to investigate alleged infractions against him… Read Full Story Hushpuppi Hires Michael Jackson’s Former Lawyer To Represent Him In Court Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, a suspected internet fraudster and Instagram celebrity, who was arrested recently has reportedly hired a former lawyer to Michael Jackson, Mark Geragos, to represent him in court… Read Full Story COVID-19: Trump Govt Threatens Foreign Students With Expulsion International students who are pursuing degrees in the United States will have to leave the country or risk deportation if their universities switch to online-only courses, Immigration and Customs Enforcement… Read Full Story PHOTOS: After Four Months, Oyo Schools Reopen Monday After about four months, students in primary six, JSS3 and SSS3 in Oyo State resume at their various schools on Monday. As a way to curtail the spread of COVID-19 Governor Seyi Makinde had on March 21, ordered the closure of all schools in the state… Read Full Story Military Air Strikes Destroy Dwelling Place Of Boko Haram Leaders In Borno ― DHQ The Defence Headquarters (DHQ), on Monday, said that in renewed efforts to end insurgents activities in the country, the Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole has destroyed the dwellings of Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) leaders and neutralised some of their fighters in separate airstrikes conducted at Parisu and Bula Bello in… Read Full Story Regional Banks To Operate From Additional Geo-Political Zone THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has announced that Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) with regional authorization shall henceforth be required to operate from one additional geo-political zone in the… Read Full Story CBN’s Adjustment Of Naira Rate’ll Cause Inflation — NECA THE Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has said the Central Bank of Nigeria’s adjustment of naira exchange rate from N360/dollar to N380/dollar at the Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS) will result in inflation… Read Full Story FG To Close Third Mainland Bridge On July 24 The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Monday said consultations were on for another phase of repairs to begin on the Third Mainland Bridge… Read Full Story Youths Need Digital Skills For 21st Century Economy —Minister The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, has said that African youths need digital skills development for the 21st-century economy… Read Full Story Wadume: Produce Indicted Soldiers For Trial, Falana Tells AGF MILITARY’S special court, court-martial, is not constitutionally-empowered to try offences of terrorism with which indicted soldiers in the trial of kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu (alias Wadume) were charged, leading lawyer, Femi Falana, said on Sunday… Read Full Story Reps Committee Approves N6.06trn Revenue Target For FIRS In 2020 The House of Representatives’ Committee on Finance on Monday approved the 2020 budget proposal for Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) with the projected revenue accruing to the Federation… Read Full Story ‘Industrialisation Of Lekki Free Trade Zone Costing Us Our Livelihoods’ When Mrs Helen Folarin was posted to Itamarun (a fishing community in Lagos) to head the only public health centre there as a consultant, little did anyone envisage that the journey to getting the plight of residents of this beachside community known, had begun… Read Full Story In Defence Of Senior Advocates On July 4, 2019, the Legal Practitioners Privileges Committee, LPPC, rolled out the names of thirty-eight legal practitioners deserving to be conferred with the prestigious Rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN. How some despise the Rank! Some don’t want it ever mentioned near them at al… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK