Construction of the Obudu International Airport in Cross River State has received further impetus as the five host communities where the project is sited have declared their absolute support for the project. The Cross River State Governor, Ben Ayade, who disclosed this recently, said that the airport when completed, would boost the state’s economy through export of ornamental flowers and other resources found in abundance in Northern Cross River. The communities; Atiekpe, Ikwuomkwu, Igwo, Okamibi and Abonkib made the declaration recently in their separate presentations during an interactive session with the governor at the project site. The five communities disclosed that in view of the enormous economic spinoffs that would be derived from the construction of the airport, they freely donated their land to the state government. Most of the youths that turned out for the meeting displayed several placards with messages of support for the governor and the projects. “We are extremely proud that Igwo is one of the communities that donated land for this project. We are happy that in our life time, Igwo will be hosting an airport. This airport will bring jobs and development to our people. We are grateful to His Excellency,” a representative of the Igwo community said in his presentation. On his part, the Councilor for Obudu Urban Ward 2, Honorable Emmanuel Akomaye, stated that contrary to insinuations, the land was not acquired by government, but was freely given. “Nobody forced us to give up our land. Our land was not acquired by government for this airport project, it was freely given,” Akomaye said. On his part, the Clan Head of Abonkib in Obudu Urban 1, His Royal Highness, Augustine Ikashi, said the people were fully behind the airport project. The royal father said the project when completed would bring development to the area. “It is not because the governor is our own son, but because we need development, because we love progress, therefore, we are fully behind the airport project. We believe it will bring development to the entire community. “I think the project is the only good thing that has happened to Obudu and Cross River State. So if we have this International airport, Obudu is going to be on the world’s map.” Responding Governor Ayade disclosed that the state government had so far paid N500 million as compensation to the communities that donated their land for the project. He expressed optimism that in no distant future, the airport will be completed and operational as the Federal Government had already given the necessary approvals. His words: “We are right here at the site of an international cargo airport in Obudu, Cross River State. The intention of this airport is to provide cargo support services and export of ornamental and special flowers from the Obudu Cattle Ranch. As you are well aware, a country like Kenya does average of 39 million Euros annually exporting flower from an altitude even less than that of Obudu cattle ranch. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Italian prosecutors have asked that two oil companies, Eni and Shell, be fined while some of their executives, both present and former including Eni’s Chief Executive Officer, Claudio Descalzi, be sentenced to prison in a long-running trial bordering on alleged corruption in oil field purchase in Nigeria…Obudu tourism Read Full Story The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2016 governorship election in Ondo State and a former Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General of the state,  Eyitayo Jegede,  on Wednesday emerged as the candidate of the PDP in the party’s primary election..Obudu tourism. Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, on Wednesday, warned officers of the force, to embrace professionalism as the law demands as well as shun illegal arrest, extrajudicial killings, torture and extortion in the country or face unforgivable sanction… Read Full Story The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria ( FAAN) has again condemned in strong terms the latest assault of an Aviation Security (AVSEC) staff, by the head of the Directorate of State Security ( DSS), Mr Safiyanu Abba,  for carrying out his assigned duty at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja…Obudu tourism Read Full Story The political supremacy war within the ranks and files of the All Progressive Congress (APC) took a new turn on Tuesday, as the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige and chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Finance, Hon. Abiodun Faleke threw caution to the…Obudu tourism Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE