Oyo State Honorable Commissioner for Education Science and Technology, Olasunkanmi Olaleye, a (Barrister in Law) has presented 2018/19 Annual School Census Report to all the concerned education Stakeholders drawn from the public school, private and community circles in the state for dissemination for use in their education planning process. Held at the Emmanuel Alayande Resource Centre, Samonda, Ibadan, on Wednesday, the commissioner declared that the statistical report was inevitable for effective planning and execution process by every policymaker and school administrators in the state. While reiterated the commitment of Governor Seyi Makinde’s led administration to the provision of quality education, he asserted that the need for planning the educational system is derivable from the fact that society is not static and education must respond to the changes with the help of accurate and updated data. His word: “Annual School Census Report is a yearly event conducted by the Department of Planning, Research and Statistics, state Ministry of Education, Science and Technology for the purpose of obtaining data for policies, planning, monitoring and evaluating the system towards effective management of education in the state, in collaboration with all education agencies in the state. “Oyo State believes in an educational system that provides equal opportunity to every Nigerian irrespective of gender, social status, age and religion to nurture their mind and inculcate the right values and morals in them,” Olaleye assured the people of Oyo State that the state government would invest in the development of technical education through the establishment of model technical colleges as from next year and that a new curriculum would be developed to improve learning in the public primary school. He also noted that the state has concluded all the arrangements to establish Teacher Resource centres across the state for effective online training with a resource person to be drawn from any part of the world. Speaking in the same vein, the state Ministry of Education Permanent Secretary, Mrs Aminat Atere, in her goodwill message, commended the United Nations Children’s Fund for its support towards the production of the annual school census reports. While she appealed to the participants to make good use of the report in their education planning programmes. She eulogised all the education agencies in the state for their input in the production process of the report Moreover, according to a paper presented by Mr Adebayo Salaam on the 2018/19 report, it was revealed that there are 2,449 Public Primary Schools, an increase of 35 Schools compared to 2017/2018 Academic Session representing 1.45%), 567 Junior Secondary Schools, an increase of 1.05%,566 Senior Secondary School, 4,059 Private Schools offering all levels of education up to Senior Secondary Schools – an increase from 3,945 in the previous academic year by 2.9 per cent and 5 Public Technical Colleges in the State. In terms of coverage, when compared to the previous year, there is an increase in the Number of Schools at all level except Senior Secondary Schools and Technical Education.1,082 Public Primary School offer one-year pre-primary Education. Of the4,059 Private Schools covered,3,413 Schools offered pre-primary Education. 3,295 Schools have primary classes,1,097 have Junior Secondary Schools while843 Schools offered Senior Secondary School Education. It is worthy of note that coverage of private education represents an increment of 3.9 per cent Also, from this report, the number of newly established pubic JSS was 6 while 2 additional Senior Secondary Schools were established when compared to 2017/2018.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday read on the floor of the Senate, the 2020 – 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper from President Muhammadu Buhari… Read Full  Story The Presidency has threatened to release tapes of meetings between the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore and individuals led by late Ismaila Isa Funtua, who tried to broker his release from detention… Read Full Story The Oyo State government has approved the cancellation of the third term for the 2019/2020 session with promotion of students to be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms… Read Full Story The Minister for Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, on Tuesday, shocked the members of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee investigating the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) when he alleged that the suspended MD awarded about 332 different contracts worth about N4.448 billion in one day… Read Full Story The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) did not wait and did not sit on the sidelines when the issue of the Covid-19 pandemic started all over the world. We had what we call end of tenure elections that are constitutionally circumscribed. Based on that, we decided that it was in the interest of the… Read Full Story The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, on Tuesday ordered the posting of the following commissioners of police to four states as follows…Oyo 2018/19 Annual School Census Report Read Full Story AT inception in 2001, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had a 10–point mandate. The summation of the mandate is the need to restore the dignity of the people of the region that lays the golden egg, crude oil, Nigeria’s economic mainstay. It will be recalled that the commission was subsumed under…Oyo 2018/19 Annual School Census Report Read Full Story Two thousand one hundred and eleven delegates will decide the fate of the eight aspirants, seeking the ticket of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, to contest the gubernatorial election against the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Rotimi Akeredolu and others…Oyo 2018/19 Annual School Census Report Read Full Story TOLULOPE Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile had a noble ambition: to fly combat aircraft. By the time she died on July 14, she had not only made a reality of her ambition but had done so excellently well. To say the least, the entire nation is in pangs at the manner of her passing. In a terse statement…Oyo 2018/19 Annual School Census Report Read Full Story Senator representing Borno South has explained why he declined from demanding for resignation or sack of Service Chiefs in his original motion presented on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday…Oyo 2018/19 Annual School Census Report Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE