Oluwatosin Salmon is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Cassie Hair Brand, a leading hair and beauty product company in Lagos State. In this interview by SEYI SOKOYA, she speaks on her experience and how the growth of the industry has helped Nigeria.  A lot of entrepreneurs have continued to count their losses and currently re-strategising  on how recover from the damage the coronavirus pandemic  has done to their businesses. How has the pandemic affected your business and what are your sustaining strategies? There is no doubt that COVID-19 pandemic has really slowed down the economy. But guess what? The best part of any business is learning to adapt to all situations. What I have done is to ensure that I upgrade the online presence of the business. I do not relent in creating more awareness about the Cassie Hair Brand. We have adopted various methods to engage people as well as to project our brand online and the feedback has been encouraging. Part of what we did was to promote our stocks with our beautiful models through professional videos and pictures from time to time. We are confident that this development will make our customers and prospective ones stay true to us. The online advertising approach has indeed helped the brand at all times. It is one of our greatest strategies for sustaining our business, especially when COVID was more pronounced. I am sure that no one ever envisaged such pandemic; even those in small or big scale businesses never had the premonition that it would affect their businesses greatly. But every serious-minded business person will always look for all means to make his or her business thrive irrespective of any unforeseen challenge. We should also not forget the God factor in all we do. We thank God for answered prayers as it is easing gradually.  You did lots of give-aways during the heat of the pandemic. What prompted that? The truth is that the pandemic has really hit a lot of homes so hard and I am not ignorant of this. So, I decided to give back to the people, especially the underprivileged. I did a lot of giveaways because I wanted to reach out to as many homes as I could. No matter how little, someone gets to smile from it and I am happy about that. I threw in little tasks sometimes, so that people who really needed it could win. I sometimes wish I could reach everyone in need. I felt it is essential we give back to the people, because no one had it in mind that the earth would encounter such challenge. It was so sudden that many people could not bear the horrible experience.  How did you discover your passion for hair and cosmetics business? I have always been passionate about everything that involves beauty, from hairs, clothes, shoes, to bags and so on. I even used to sell some of these things when I was much younger. I realised there was just something about hairs that I was really drawn to. I started my hair business some years back and it is truly one of my greatest business ventures. And guess what? The passion keeps growing bigger every day.  What does it take to establish a professional outfit for such business? A driving spirit, time and of course money. These three things push one to always strive for success and look for new ways to make your brand stand out. I always tell people that it doesn’t matter how many people are doing the same business as you, if you are determined, you will succeed. Time and energy is needed in every business. Not just even hair. The amount of time you dedicate to your business is very important for its growth. Every business needs to be funded. You need money to source for great quality. Great quality is much more important than quantity.  Hair entrepreneurship business has become competitive by the day. How have you been able to carve a niche for yourself? Yes, we now have many hair entrepreneurs which I think is a beautiful development. I have been able to make my brand unique by ensuring my brand serves nothing short of great quality. When customers trust the quality your brand serves, they are definitely going to stay committed to your brand. I have also been able to establish a certain level of long-term relationships with my customers and this has boosted brand loyalty. More so, I do not relent in content promotion and online advertising has been exciting, which has also made potential customers to always remain glued to our brand.  With your wide experience in the industry, do you think people in the showbiz appreciate hair as a key factor of beauty? Hair is show business! I strongly believe every sector of entertainment business knows the vital role hairs play and truly appreciates it. The beautiful part is, as the entertainment industry grows every day, so does this great regard for good hair grow everyday; not just by women alone, but my men also.  What is your assessment of the beauty and fashion industry in Nigeria? The beauty and fashion industry in Nigeria is blooming beautifully. Honestly, every day you see industry players adding their different touches to the industry. If you compare the beauty industry now to two decades ago, you will see immense growth. People are now expressing their love for everything in beauty in so many beautiful ways. Both the young and the old; women and men and even children. In fact, it is beyond amazing.  Is it true that there is a spiritual dimension to artificial hair? This is so funny. I have heard this several times and read comments about this. In my opinion, I feel artificial hair is just a beautiful means of self-expression. Just as when you style your natural hair, artificial hairs have a way of boosting your confidence. People are just really drawn to how they can go from one look to another in very quick steps. I don’t believe there is any connection to the spiritual realm at all.  What is your greatest challenge as a hair entrepreneur? I won’t say I have faced any major challenges since I delved into hair business. We have experienced the usual little difficulties here and there such as dealing with different customers, service delivery and so on. But in my years as a hair entrepreneur, I have learnt how to handle these little difficulties so well that I do not consider them as anything to worry about.  How did you come about the name Cassie Hair Brand? The name ‘Cassie’ has been my nickname for many years before I even started my hair business. Since many people called me Cassie, I just decided to make it my brand identity too and it has been interesting since then to the extent that it has become a household name in the industry.  The business seems to be time-consuming. How have you been able to combine it with the home front? I have learnt to strike a balance between business and my personal life. In my business, I delegate as much as I can so it is easier to run. I have great staff that assist with the smooth running of my business, while I oversee everything. So far so good; home and business are doing fantastic.  Your business is located in the heart of Lagos. How have you been able to stay unique in the midst of the intense competition? We all know that positioning is a very important element for establishing a business. You will agree with me that Lekki, Lagos State, is the home to many thriving businesses and brands. We chose this location because it is easily accessible and central to many residential and commercial establishments. The location has one of the fastest growing populace, hence, a greater reach and audience for our products and services. We also made it easy for people who live in the other parts of Lagos and the world to obtain their hairs by working with reputable logistics experts to ensure that Cassie Hair reaches everyone everywhere.  What is your advice to the government in supporting entrepreneurs? Business and entrepreneurship have really contributed a great deal to our economy. Government can support entrepreneurs by creating an enabling environment for them to grow. Government can reduce the regulatory burdens in business so it is easier for more people to become successful entrepreneurs. Loans and other credit services should also be made available to entrepreneurs. This will go a long way in helping entrepreneurs and in boosting the economy.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Naaba, Utomi, Sani, Yunusa, Sonaya, Others Meet Over New Political Front Monday
Driving towards its agenda of launching a new political movement by January 2021, conveners and members of the National Consultative Front (NCF) will meet on Monday… Read Full Story MONDAY LINES” When Òsómàáló Buys Coronavirus
I am an Oyo-Yoruba and I know that my ancestors have several pejorative terms to describe the Ijesa. Òsómàáló is one of them. Òsómàáló is a contraction of a Yoruba expression which means ‘I will stay squatting here until I am paid’. Its continued use verbalises the tension that historically defines relations between the wily… Read Full Story I Am Not An Enemy To Anyone In APC ―Fayemi
As crisis rocking the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) continues unabated, the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has assured that he won’t treat any party members as an enemy despite the attacks being launched against him by some leaders… Read Full Story 47-Year-Old LASTMA Official Stabs Lover, Kills Self Over Infidelity
A 47-year-old official of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Emmanuel Mekuri, has stabbed himself to death following a disagreement with his live-in lover… Read Full Story Clean Energy Investment: Building On The Ashes Of COVID-19
As the global recovery process from the COVID-19 pandemic tees off, the Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL) has developed a document, The Recover Better with Sustainable Energy Guide for African Countries to support African countries as they develop their post-COVID-19 recovery plan and stimulus packages… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: FG’s N13bn Pest Control Intervention Fund
RECENTLY, the Federal Government shocked Nigerians when it announced the setting up a N13.9 billion Pest Control Fund under the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. The fund was approved by the Federal Executive Council ostensibly to address the control of migratory pests, transboundary animal diseases… Read Full Story VERITATEM: How Ghana Bulldozes Nigeria
ABOUT a fortnight ago, we received the shocking news that the Nigerian embassy staff buildings in Accra were levelled to the ground by a Ghanaian businessman, claiming that the edifice had been erected on his own land. He brought papers claiming ownership of the land. Apparently, our legation could not show proof of… Read Full Story LEADERSHIP & MANAGEMENT: Are You Hungry For Success?
Success often comes to those who are hungry for it the most. That is the story of the Wright brothers. Before Orville and Wilbur Wright started working on building their aircraft, Samuel Pierpont Langley had covered considerable ground in the effort to fly the first airplane. Langley was a Professor of Mathematics at the… Read Full Story Freedom From The Trap Of Mastered Helplessness (2)
Happy birthday to Uncle Jimi Solanke, one of the living legends of the creative arts in Nigeria, an accomplished thespian whose interpretation of roles made him bestride the stage of live theatre with ease and aplomb. He turned 78 last Saturday, 4th of July… Read Full Story The Two Greatest Enemies Of Wealth
Tony Robbins said, “The secret to wealth is simple, find a way to do more for others than anyone else does. Become more valuable. Do more. Be more. Serve more. And you will have the opportunity to earn more.” To access wealth, I want to add mine to it, always learn more, because there is always more to learn! … Read Full Story Are Ethical Leaders Good For Business?
Via the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen the value of ethical leadership – most notably in New Zealand which, under the courageous, compassionate and ultimately ethical leadership of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, has reduced cases to near-zero, while the deadly virus continues to run rampant through much of Europe… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST! 
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER. 

SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK