Chinese movie theatres in low-risk areas have been allowed to resume operation starting from July 20 following an improvement in the COVID-19 epidemic situation, the China Film Administration announced Thursday. These movie theatres should reopen on the premise that proper prevention and control measures have been put in place, the administration said in a circular. Attendance per show must not exceed 30 per cent, according to a guideline on the sector’s work resumption issued by the Chinese Film Circulation and Projection Association on Thursday. ALSO READ: Yola residents cry out to FG over flooding in Adamawa Cinemas are required to sell non-adjacent tickets in every other row, and moviegoers who are strangers to each other should keep a distance of at least one metre. All moviegoers must make real-name reservations and purchase tickets online. Those who do not wear masks or with a body temperature above 37.3 degrees Celsius will not be admitted into the theatres, the guideline read. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE South-West States Declare Readiness For 2020 WASSCE Commissioners of education of the six South-West states of the country have expressed readiness to sit their respective Senior Secondary School three (SSS3) students for the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination… Read Full Story No WASSCE For Nigerian Students Now, FG Insists The Federal Government, on Wednesday, insisted that its decision not to allow the reopening of schools because of the coronavirus pandemic remains unchanged as it maintains that it is not confident about the safety of students at this time… Read Full Story You Are Making Southern Kaduna Unsafe For Development – El-Rufai Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has charged the people of Southern Kaduna to be united as the crisis in the area is portraying the place as unsafe for development and investment… Read Full Story UPDATE: Twitter Accounts Of Obama, Bill Gates, Biden, Apple, Others Hacked By Bitcoin Scammers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.