A few days ago, 20-year-old Patience Emmanuel Kushi, an undergraduate of the Bauchi State University, Gadau, was reported kidnapped by unknown persons. The young woman, who was living with her uncle, was said to be on her way to her father’s house when she was reportedly abducted at a location between Kafin Tafawa and Rafin Zurfi, two suburbs of the Bauchi metropolis. She was soon declared dead by her purported abductors, who reportedly reached out to her parents with no demand for a ransom. But in a dramatic twist, a few days later, the ‘kidnap victim’ was found alive. And she had an unexpected story to tell. Patience, who was declared missing on June 24, upon her ‘miraculous’ reappearance on Thursday, said she had no choice but to stage her own abduction to escape her continued violation allegedly by her uncle. The 100 level Pharmacology student tearfully recounted to newsmen how her uncle, with whom she had been living for about three years, attempted to rape her a second time. Her story: “When he attempted to rape me a second time, I warned him to leave me alone. I told him, ‘it is either you kill me or I kill you and nothing else’. Then he left me alone. After this incident, I told my aunt, his wife, that I was going to my father’s house in Kafin Tafawa to pick up something. I boarded a Keke NAPEP. But when I got to the junction, a few steps away from the house, I became unconscious because of the trauma of the rape I had suffered earlier on. I found myself in Kari, along Bauchi-Potiskum Road, on Friday. “When I finally came to, I found that I was lying on the ground in a bush, beside a hunter who had found me and was waiting for me to wake up. I asked him where I was and he told me that I was in Kari in Darazo Local Government Area (along Bauchi-Potiskum Road, about 130 kilometers away from the Bauchi metropolis). He gave me N2,000 for transport and I boarded a car to Azare, which was closer to Kari than Bauchi to pick up a few clothes in the hostel on our main campus. “I left Azare for Bauchi on Sunday afternoon. That was 28th of June. As soon as I got close to my uncle’s house, I became overwhelmed with the trauma of him molesting me, so I told the Keke NAPEP guy to turn back and take me to the park. I had no particular destination in mind. From the park, I boarded a vehicle and went straight to Jos even though I didn’t know anybody there. On my way to Jos, I saw a woman in the vehicle who alighted at the Terminus area of Jos. I alighted with her. I asked her if she was living in Jos and she said yes. I lied to her that I was stranded because my money had been stolen. I pleaded with her to let me stay with her for the night, pending when money would be sent to me. In the night, the woman noticed that I went out to pick or make calls and she started suspecting that something was wrong. When I was asleep, she took my phone and from there, she noticed some calls I missed and which I refused to return. She called the numbers and spoke with my parents. She told them that I was in her house in Jos.” According to Patience, she had to open up to the policeman that came with her father about how her uncle had raped her. She said: “It was when my parents came to the woman’s house in Jos the next day with that same uncle of mine and some policemen that I told them that I ran away because my uncle had been molesting me sexually. When we got back to Bauchi, my uncle was detained at the police headquarters. He is still there.” Asked about when and how her uncle raped her, Patience tearfully recalled that it happened about two weeks ago while she was sleeping in her room in his house in Rafin Zurfi. “On that fateful day, he came into my room around 11.00 a.m., locked the door and forced himself on me. As this was going on, his wife was sitting right outside the house waiting for her son whom she had sent to the ATM. I shouted but nobody heard me. I hit him hard in the shoulder but that did not stop him from having his way with me. When his wife asked what had happened to his shoulder, he that he carried a heavy load that affected him. I could not tell anyone about what had happened because I felt nobody would believe me. I cried throughout that day.” Confirming the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer, Ahmed Wakili, said Patience’s uncle had been taken into custody. Wakili said: “On 30/06/2020, detectives attached to the anti-kidnapping unit of the Bauchi State police command, acting on a tip-off, had found Patience Emmanuel in Jos, Plateau State. Preliminary investigation revealed that Patience planned her fake abduction alert and decided to leave her uncle’s house owing to an unnatural act against her by her uncle, one Masoyi Ibrahim, aged 51, of Rafin Zurfi, Bauchi. Consequently, she could not continue to withstand as she claimed. Further details will be communicated when investigations are concluded.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: APC Caretaker Committee In Closed-Door Meeting With Tinubu Members of All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee led by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday visited Lagos State and are currently holding a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is the National Leader of APC… Read Full Story BREAKING: PDP Dissolves South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee, Names New Team The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dissolved the South-West Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party and announced a new caretaker committee… Read Full Story Buni Holds Closed-Door Meeting With Akande In Osun The national chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) national caretaker committee, Ma Mala Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, on Thursday held a closed-door meeting with the former interim national chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Post COVID-19 Economy: Nigerians Must Embrace Taxation For Survival ―Lagos Finance Commissioner Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr Rabiu Olowo, has called on Nigerians to embrace taxation as the most potent way out of COVID-19 consequence, contending that crude oil had never been a reliable source of financing a country of Nigeria’s magnitude and diversity… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints More Ambassadors To Correct Imbalance President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors in a move to address complaints about the recent appointments of 41 non-career ambassadors… Read Full Story FG Converts All Govt Hospitals In FCT To COVID-19 Sample Collection Centre The Federal Government has converted all the government hospitals in FCT, Abuja, to COVID-19 sample collection sites, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Thursday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read Full Story AFDB, WTO, Others Seek Measures To Support Trade Finance In Developing Nations The African Development Bank (AFDB), the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and other financial institutions (MDBs) are collaborating to support trade finance in developing nations in a bid to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 on their economy… Read Full Story $1bn Cloned Account: We Welcome House Of Reps Investigations ― NPA Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority reiterated the non-existence of… Read Full Story Petrol Price Hike, Imposition Of Hardship On Nigerians ― PDP Opposition Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) has described the new petrol price hike from N123 to N143.80 as the imposition of hardship on Nigerians by the ruling All Progressives Congress… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Collapse Of Public Waterworks IT is more than a truism that in Nigeria, there is water everywhere, but very little to drink. The country is so richly endowed with water resources that a number of its 36 states have aquatic names: examples include Delta, Cross River, Rivers, Benue, Osun, Ogun and Niger. The country has 215 cubic kilometres of available… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.