The House of Representatives on Thursday unveiled plans to investigate the flagrant disregard to Presidential directive prohibiting Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) from operating private accounts with commercial banks since the introduction of the Treasury Single Accounts (TSA). The House passed the resolution after the debate on a motion of urgent public importance sponsored by Hon. Kolawole Lawal, who expressed grave concern over the controversies trailing the $1,034,515,000,003 domiciled in a commercial bank by Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) which was made public by a whistleblower. To this end, the House resolved to investigate the alleged illegal secret bank account opened by NPA domiciled with Unity Bank for the collection of revenue from vessels, as well as ascertain the veracity of claimed by both parties. In his lead debate, Hon. Lawal noted with keen interest the controversies generated by a whistle-blower who claimed that while acting in line with the Whistle-blower policy of the Federal Government and duly informed in confidence the office of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) about the hidden or secret account. The lawmaker also noted that the Whistle-blower alleged that the information he gave to the office of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) led to the exposure of an illegal secret account in Unity Bank, Lagos Branch purportedly operated by NPA where the sum of $1,034,516,000 was kept contrary to financial regulations and the 1999 Constitution (as amended). ALSO READ: How Are Betting Services in America Affected by COVID-19? According to him, the whistleblower also alleged that the information was verified and approved by the AGF as qualified for financial reward as prescribed under the Whistle-blower policy of the Federal Government, subsequently based on the advice of the AGF, a written agreement was executed between the representative of the whistle-blower (Mamman Maiyaki 85 Co, Legal Practitioners) and the Office of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), as evidence of the transaction. “The House notes that Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) in response to these allegations admitted it operates an account with Unity Bank PLC Lagos Branch (account number 0013670344) with a total sum of $1,057,772.03 as of 4th December 2019 but denied the sum of $1,034,515,000,003 as alleged by the Whistle-blower. The House also noted that the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) further admitted that the bank account mentioned by them, i.e. 0013670344, had not been operated since 27th August 2010 due to Garnishee. Order is given by the Federal High Court Which was subsequently affirmed by the Supreme Court eight years, after in the case of Aminu Ibrahim & Co vs. Nigerian Ports Authority (Suit No. FHC/L/CS/ 582/ 2010). “The House further observed that the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) claimed that upon the determination of the case at the Supreme Court, the judgement creditors continued with Garnishee process which resulted in the payment of the sum of $1,057,772.03 from the account mentioned by them to the judgment Creditor on the 4th December 2019 in line with the Garnishee Order absolute. “The House is concerned that the material particulars of the allegations by whistle-blower have been contradicted by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) but since the public fund is involved in the matter, it is imperative that the House intervene in the crisis with a view to establishing the true situation in the public interest. “The House is further concerned also that the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) may be operating from other accounts in a similar situation. “The House wonders if NPA or any Federal Government MDA have authority to pay any public money to any judgment creditor in satisfaction of a judgment debt without obtaining the prior approval of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) in view of the clear provisions of Section 84 of the Sheriffs and Civil Process Act CAP 56 LFN 2004 which provides that the prior consent of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) should be obtained before any MDA can transfer public funds to a judgement creditor in satisfaction of a judgement debt. “The House also wonder if the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) or any Federal Government MDA have authority to keep revenue generated in any commercial bank in view of clear provisions of Section 162 of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended) which provides all revenue collected by the Government of the Federation shall be paid into a Special Account called the Federation Account,” he stated. To this end, the House mandated the joint Committees on Finance and Ports and Harbours to investigate the allegations and counter-allegations, determine if the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) or any of their personnel committed any infractions as alleged. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Court Threatens To Revoke Shehu Sani’s Bail The Federal High Court, Abuja, Monday, said it would revoke the bail granted Senator Shehu Sani if he fails to appear in court on the next adjourned date for the trial of the two-count criminal charges preferred against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… Read Full Story Buhari Appoints New Chief Personal Security Officer President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Aliyu Abubakar Musa, as his Chief Personal Security Officer (CPSO). He replaces Commissioner of Police (CP) Abdulkarim Dauda, who was recently redeployed… Read Full Story APC: Buni-Led Caretaker Committee Promises True Reconciliation As part of measure to make progress on its mandate in reconciling all factions in the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led committee has promised to embark on genuine reconciliation of all party leaders and members ahead of the planned convention… Read Full Story NITDA Can Finance Nigeria’s Annual Budget ―Reps Public Account The House of Representatives says the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has the wherewithal to finance the country’s annual budget if given the necessary environment… Read Full Story No Fee Is Charged For NIS Recruitment ― CG The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has warned applicants against patronising fake recruitment sites as no fee was charged for NIS recruitment. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, gave the warning in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer (SPEO), Mr Sunday James… Read Full Story Inside Ibadan Slums Where Water Scarcity, Open Defecation Thwart Efforts At Ending COVID-19 Pandemic Ibadan, Nigeria’s third most populous city, wears rusted zinc-roof like a royal hat. Weak bricks, cracked and patchy walls are strewn all about the outskirts of the city. The waft of open sewage soaks the air… Read Full Story Buhari To Perform Virtual Flag-Off Of Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline Tuesday President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday, conduct a virtual flag-off of the 614km Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano Gas Pipeline construction project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said… Read Full Story Whistleblower Allegation Of $1bn In Unity Bank Account False ― NPA The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has refuted claims that it has an account containing $1bn in Unity Bank Plc. In a statement signed by the General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications of the NPA, Jatto Adams, the agency said that the account number being peddled in public glare by the whistleblower… Read Full Story COVID-19: Over 2 Million Transport Workers In Critical Condition —Wabba The President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Wabba, has cried out that over two million of the congress affiliate members in the road transport sector are worst hit by the effect of the COVID-19 lockdown; and are in critical condition, dying in silence… Read Full Story EDITORIAL: The Demolition Of Nigeria’s High Commission In Ghana A Ghanaian citizen recently attacked the Nigerian High Commission in the country, demolishing a part of it. Expectedly, the action caused ripples in the diplomatic circles, with some observers wondering what such an action portended for the relationship between Nigeria and Ghana, which was until then presumably chummy… Read Full Story Ending The Cable Tv Profiteering It was like a movie, watching the proceedings of the Ad Hoc Committee set up by the House of Representatives, to probe the hike of subscription rates by cable television service providers. The Chairman of the said Committee, Hon Unyime Idem, took me back to my Aluta days at Obafemi Awolowo University… Read Full Story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!,Make money from home and get paid in dollars working fully from home. its 2020 COVID-19 PALLIATIVE OPPORTUNITY. You will be paid daily.click here link to be part of it.