IN recent weeks, members of the National Assembly and the Minister of State for Labour, Employment and Productivity, Mr. Festus Keyamo (SAN), have been at loggerheads over the Federal Government’s 774,000 jobs scheme under the National Directorate of Employment (NDE). Earlier in the year, President Muhammadu Buhari had directed that the jobs be created in the 774 local government areas of the country, with the minister superintending over it. Each local government area in the country was  to have 1,000 job spaces. The beneficiaries would get N60,000 for three months, that is, between October and December this year. Piqued by certain manifest irregularities in the scheme, the National Assembly directed that the programme be suspended. And not even the appearance of the minister before the National Assembly Committee on Labour helped matters, as he engaged the lawmakers in a hot verbal exchange. The Director-General of the NDE, Nasiru Ladan, had, while speaking on the composition of a 20-man committee inaugurated by the ministry to implement the  Special Public Works Programme 2020, failed to impress the lawmakers on the N52 billion budget, asking them to seek further clarifications from the minister.  While the committee wanted a private audience with the minister, the minister insisted on a public hearing with the press crew present, particularly as he had been accused of hijacking the scheme from the NDE. As he reasoned, the legislature could not claim to be fighting corruption while at the same time precluding the media from live coverage of the event. Keyamo’s subtle threat to walk out of the meeting further irked the lawmakers who asked him to go if he wanted. In a subsequent update, Keyamo indicated that senior political operatives in the country had been allocated 15 per cent of the 774,000 Federal Government jobs for poor Nigerians. Thus, 116,100 slots will go to governors, ministers, senators and members of the House of Representatives. In preparation for another round of interactive meeting with the joint committee of the National Assembly on Tuesday, the embattled minister wrote: “In the spirit of transparency and because of the need to be honest before Nigerians, we have said before that we are not unmindful of the fact that political officeholders are also representatives of the people. We cannot also totally ignore them in the selection process. Their constituents are also Nigerians. What we have tried to resist is a total takeover of the programme by politicians and political actors, hence the multi-sectoral composition of the States’ Selection Committees.” To a large extent, the brickbats between the contending parties touch on the separation of powers. Having approved and appropriated money for the programme in the 2020 budget, the National Assembly had no business asking that it be suspended. This is the implementation stage and it beggars belief that the National Assembly has been trying to teleguide the executive in implementing the scheme. There is no way that such a practice would engender good governance. Implementation of the budget is the job of the executive, not the legislature. Sadly, however, even the executive too has not lived up to expectations. If anything, the composition of the State Selection Committees has been warped. For instance, members of the said committee in many of the states are well-known members and political enforcers of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), including individuals that do not have broad-based acceptance among the generality of Nigerians. This shows clearly that the government does not mean well. Why make this a party affair? Pray how does the executive expect people to trust such committees? Clearly, the National Assembly’s concern about the composition of the State Selection Committees was not without foundation, even though it should simply have asked for much more broad-based lists instead of deigning to suspend the programme. Besides, it is strange that the same Keyamo who accused the National Assembly of seeking to hijack the programme for selfish gains later turned around to distribute the same jobs to politicians under the alibi that they are representatives of the people. It is natural to expect that given the typically Nigerian way of doing things, these politicians would simply distribute the job slots to their own party faithful, thus defeating the very essence of the scheme. As far as the 774,000 jobs scheme is concerned, we have found both the legislature and the executive wanting. It is now essentially another job-for-the-boys affair.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Journalists Barred As Panel Grills Magu In Aso Rock The acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, is currently being grilled by a panel set up to investigate alleged infractions against him… Read Full Story Hushpuppi Hires Michael Jackson’s Former Lawyer To Represent Him In Court Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi, a suspected internet fraudster and Instagram celebrity, who was arrested recently has reportedly hired a former lawyer to Michael Jackson, Mark Geragos, to represent him in court… Read Full Story COVID-19: Trump Govt Threatens Foreign Students With Expulsion International students who are pursuing degrees in the United States will have to leave the country or risk deportation if their universities switch to online-only courses, Immigration and Customs Enforcement… Read Full Story PHOTOS: After Four Months, Oyo Schools Reopen Monday After about four months, students in primary six, JSS3 and SSS3 in Oyo State resume at their various schools on Monday. As a way to curtail the spread of COVID-19 Governor Seyi Makinde had on March 21, ordered the closure of all schools in the state… Read Full Story Military Air Strikes Destroy Dwelling Place Of Boko Haram Leaders In Borno ― DHQ The Defence Headquarters (DHQ), on Monday, said that in renewed efforts to end insurgents activities in the country, the Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole has destroyed the dwellings of Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) leaders and neutralised some of their fighters in separate airstrikes conducted at Parisu and Bula Bello in… Read Full Story Regional Banks To Operate From Additional Geo-Political Zone THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has announced that Deposit Money Banks (DMBs) with regional authorization shall henceforth be required to operate from one additional geo-political zone in the… Read Full Story CBN’s Adjustment Of Naira Rate’ll Cause Inflation — NECA THE Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has said the Central Bank of Nigeria’s adjustment of naira exchange rate from N360/dollar to N380/dollar at the Secondary Market Intervention Sales (SMIS) will result in inflation… Read Full Story FG To Close Third Mainland Bridge On July 24 The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, on Monday said consultations were on for another phase of repairs to begin on the Third Mainland Bridge… Read Full Story Youths Need Digital Skills For 21st Century Economy —Minister The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, has said that African youths need digital skills development for the 21st-century economy… Read Full Story Wadume: Produce Indicted Soldiers For Trial, Falana Tells AGF MILITARY’S special court, court-martial, is not constitutionally-empowered to try offences of terrorism with which indicted soldiers in the trial of kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu (alias Wadume) were charged, leading lawyer, Femi Falana, said on Sunday… Read Full Story Reps Committee Approves N6.06trn Revenue Target For FIRS In 2020 The House of Representatives’ Committee on Finance on Monday approved the 2020 budget proposal for Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) with the projected revenue accruing to the Federation… Read Full Story ‘Industrialisation Of Lekki Free Trade Zone Costing Us Our Livelihoods’ When Mrs Helen Folarin was posted to Itamarun (a fishing community in Lagos) to head the only public health centre there as a consultant, little did anyone envisage that the journey to getting the plight of residents of this beachside community known, had begun… Read Full Story In Defence Of Senior Advocates On July 4, 2019, the Legal Practitioners Privileges Committee, LPPC, rolled out the names of thirty-eight legal practitioners deserving to be conferred with the prestigious Rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN. How some despise the Rank! Some don’t want it ever mentioned near them at al… Read Full Story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW. SHOCKING! PREMATURE, SMALL DICKED CIVIL SERVANT REVEALS ANCIENT NATURAL SECRET THAT MYSTERIOUSLY JERKED HIS DEAD MANHOOD TO LIFE WITH STIFF ROCK HARD ERECTIONS AND A FULL SIZE AT LAST!
QUICK RELEASE AND SMALL CUCUMBER FINALLY OVER.SCREW IYAWO HARD ALL NIGHT LONG TILL SHE SCREAMS YOUR NAME BECAUSE OF YOUR NEW  LONG LASTING BIG STRONG HEAVENLY DICK