About 30,000 households, including members of the Cherubim and Seraphim Movement Church, Ilorin, Kwara State, Muslim community and market women have benefitted from relief materials donated by a foundation in the church to cushion the effect of COVID-19 on the people. Speaking to newsmen during the presentation in Ilorin, the supervising pastor of the church who is also the executive secretary of Oluwole Foundation of the church, Pastor Demola Popoola, said the foundation had spent over N100 million on the relief materials. “Because of the lockdown in the country, the foundation has gone ahead to give palliative materials to members of our church and the larger community of Ilorin. “What we have given out are 10kg bag of rice and 5kg bag of semovita to each of the beneficiaries with additional N500 as transportation fare. That is the second phase of the palliative. “At the commencement of the lockdown in the state, the foundation gave out a sum of N5,000 each to 3,000 people. The extension of the lockdown necessitated the second phase of the palliative measures. “My advice to religious leaders and organizations is that this is the time to give back to the community. Therefore, I urge politicians, the well-to-do in the society and captains of industry to find a way of assisting the needy in our midst to complement what the government is doing”, he said. Popoola, who also cautioned governments at all levels against the slashing of salaries in the country as a result of COVID-19 disease, said it “will be inhuman to cut the salaries of civil servants in the aftermath of the pandemic”. “Governnents can cut the salaries of political appointees because they earn fat salaries that are 100 per cent higher than those of the civil servants. Many states have not even started paying the N30,000 minimum wage. What I am saying is that government should even look into adding of salaries of civil servants for two months after COVID-19. “What we have on our hands is that after COVID-19 pandemic, corruption will be on the increase as many of the civil servants who live on loans and cooperative will be tempted to steal from government coffers. “While thinking about the masses in town, government should find a way of making the civil servants happy”, he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Dokpesi, Daughter-In-Law, Six Other Family Members Test Positive
The founder of DAAR Communications Plc, High Chief Raymond Dokpesi and his daughter-in-law along with six members of his family have tested positive for coronavirus. This is coming three days after his son and Chairman of the board of the company, Raymond Dokpesi Jnr, also tested positive for the virus… Read full story Kano And The Mad Woman Of Omu-Ijelu
Not long ago, the funny character, who presides over the affairs of Kano State as the governor, Umar Ganduje, raised the alarm that the Federal Government had literarily abandoned the state in its quest to combat the rampaging Coronavirus epidemic… Read full story Lagos Discharges Polish, Filipino, 24 Nigerians After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday announced that 26 more patients have been discharged from isolation centres in the state having tested negative twice consecutively to coronavirus. He said those discharged included 14 males and 12 females, including two foreign nationals – a Polish and a Filipino… Read full story WHO To Identify Animal Source Of COVID-19 ― Director-General
Dr Tedros Ghebreyesus, the Director-General, World Health Organisation (WHO), said the agency will work with relevant organisations to identify the animal source of novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) based on Emergency Committee recommendations… Read full story COVID-19: Workers Won’t Be Retrenched Without Following Due Process, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has told workers that despite the expected downturn in the nation’s economy owing to the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government will ensure that workers won’t be retrenched without due process. Seeking to allay the fears of workers for their jobs, which has heightened recently… Read full story COVID-19: Osun Monarchs Want Govt To Explore Herbal Medicine
SOME traditional rulers in Osun State have charged their subjects to abide by all the precautionary measures announced by the World Health Organization (WHO), Federal Government and health experts in the state so as to stay safe against the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Nigeria COVID-19 Survivor: ‘An Experience I Don’t Wish On Anyone’
It feels great to have survived COVID-19. If you see the data of people who have passed away due to the virus, they are alarming. I’m really grateful to be alive but also grateful for the experience as I am able to share with people that COVID-19 is not a hoax like many people may believe in Nigeria… Read full story Our Fears Living Close To Isolation Centres —Residents •Why we can’t relocate you —Govt
Lagos, which has the highest number of patients with COVID-19 infection, understandably has the highest number of isolation centres, topping four as of the last count. While two have been in use and frequently in news, two new ones located at Landmark Exhibition Centre in Victoria Island and Gbagada Hospital are… Read full story Loss Of Smell May Suggest Milder COVID-19, Study Finds
New research suggests that loss of smell as a symptom of COVID-19 may indicate a mild case of the disease. A new study has found that loss of smell, which is a reported symptom of COVID-19, may indicate that a person will experience a milder case of the disease… Read full story Covid19- And The Rising Global Challenge
It would not be an exaggeration to aver that Covid 19 has endangered human race globally in such a manner that is novel. Death tolls in countries like China, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom, USA, Germany, Iran and others are rattling and quaking the whole world and make many to be having the fear that the globe is on the… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!