The Enugu State Government has announced one new confirmed case of COVID-19, bringing the total of the new coronavirus disease patients to 16 in the state. The Commissioner for Health, Prof. Ikechukwu Obi, announced this in a statement issued on Wednesday in Enugu. Obi said that the confirmed positive case had a travel history. He added that two earlier cases, being treated at the state isolation centre, had tested negative. “Two more COVID-19 confirmed cases in Enugu State test negative as state records one positive case with travel history, in violation of interstate transportation ban. “The Enugu State Ministry of Health announces that two more active COVID-19 cases, undergoing treatment in Enugu State, have tested negative and are being assessed for discharge from the isolation and treatment centre,” the commissioner said. ALSO READ: COVID-19: UCH CMD warns against self-medication According to him, the total number of cases in Enugu state is now 16 cases, with eight active cases and eight discharged cases. Obi said that the two cases that had become negative were case number three and her son, who was case number 10. He added that the new positive case was a 39-year-old indigene of Enugu state, who lives in Lagos state and made his way to Enugu in violation of the restriction order on May 13. “On an alert, since he was already ill, he was assessed, tested and the result returned positive. “The need to comply with the inter-state movement restriction order and other precautionary measures for the containment of the spread of COVID-19 cannot be overemphasised. “Enugu state inhabitants are, therefore, encouraged to continue to comply with the directives of the Federal and the state governments on restriction orders,’’ Obi said. He urged the public to also comply with precautionary measures in the public health advisory as directed by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the state’s Ministry of Health. (NAN)   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apologise To Nigerians For Denying Links With Chinese Doctors, PDP Tells FG
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned the Federal Government over denials and cover-up on the whereabouts and activities of the Chinese medical team who came into the country in April. The party which said such was a betrayal of the public trust by its citizens on the government, the Federal… Read full story COVID-19: IGP Orders Strict Enforcement Of Inter-State Movement Restriction Orders
The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Tuesday, ordered strict enforcement of the national curfew and inter-state movement restriction orders emplaced by the Federal Government as part of measures to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Buhari Removes TCN MD One Month After He Reportedly Sacked Labour Leader
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday removed Usman Gur Mohammed as the Managing Director of the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) and replaced him with an engineer, Mr Sule Abdulaziz. He was removed about one month after he reportedly sacked a labour leader who was also the General… Read full story Osinbajo, NCP Mull Healthcare Reforms
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, on Tuesday, presided over a meeting of the National Council on Privatisation (NCP) to approve a draft legislative instrument for national healthcare reforms. His spokesman, Laolu Akande, informed that the meeting also discussed power sector issues… Read full story I’m Not Aware Of Plan To Deport 15,000 Nigerian Students From Malaysia, Says Minister
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, has said he was not aware of move by the Malaysian government to deport over 15,000 Nigerian students in the country. Responding to question from newsmen on Tuesday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 briefing, the minister, who assured that… Read full story Reps Summon Minister Of Health Over Whereabouts Of Chinese Medical Team
The House of Representatives on Tuesday resolved to summon the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Eramie over the detailed status report on the activities and whereabouts of the 15 Chinese medical team in Nigeria. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion of urgent public importance sponsored… Read full story We Can’t Listen To Trump On Hydroxychloroquine For COVID-19, Says PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Tuesday dismissed the claim and the advice of United States President, Donald Trump, on the use of hydroxychloroquine, an anti-malaria drug, for COVID-19. Speaking at the daily briefing of the PTF in Abuja, both Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire and the Director General… Read full story We Have Failed If We Don’t Learn From COVID-19 To Build Institutions ― PTF
Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic says Nigeria would have failed its next generation if it does it learn from the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic to build enduring and sustainable institutions. Speaking at the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic, its chairman… Read full story For Taking Hydroxychloroquine Against Coronavirus, Trump Is Governing By Witchcraft, Says China
China lashed out at President Donald Trump on Tuesday, claiming the US president is using ‘witchcraft’ to lead during the coronavirus pandemic after he admitted to taking hydroxychloroquine to prevent contracting the disease. Hu Xijin, editor-in-chief of China Communist Party’s official publication, Global Times, blamed… Read full story Reps To Conduct Forensic Audit Of NNPC’s Recent Recruitment
The House of Representatives on Tuesday unveiled plans to conduct a forensic investigation into the recent recruitment of graduate trainees by the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) with a view to determining how many persons were recruited from the various host communities… Read full story Senate To Probe N1.532trn Intervention Fund To Power Sector •Demands revocation of privatization
The Senate on Tuesday mandated its Committee on Power sector to probe the over N1.532trillion intervention fund injected to the ailing sector in the last seven years. It equally asked President Muhammadu Buhari administration to revoke the privatisation of the sector… Read full story Coronavirus Won’t Stop Our Programme For Ondo, Edo Governorship Elections, INEC Says
Okoye revealed that a policy framework for engagement with stakeholders, the conduct of the two end of tenure governorship elections, outstanding by-elections and future electoral activities… Read full story EDITORIAL: Coronavirus: The Reversal Of The Gains Of Lockdown
NIGERIA began a “phased and gradual” lifting of the lockdown to contain the spread of Covid-19 on May 4. This followed the announcement by President Muhammadu Buhari on April 28 that it had become imperative to ease the lockdown in Lagos, Abuja and Ogun states because many citizens had lost… Read full story COVID-19: Introduce National Policy On Online Education, Reps Tell FG
The House of Representatives on Tuesday underscored the need for relevant authorities in charge of education in Nigeria to urgently develop a National Policy and Framework for online education for schools at various levels. The lawmakers said the policy should be developed with the view to salvaging the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING