International Breweries Plc., IBPlc, a part of the Anheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev) family, has also thrown its weight behind the current fight against the  spread of the deadly and highly contagious Coronavirus disease, as one of its brands,  the Trophy Stout, donated the sum of N10million to the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), for the procurement of test kits, during an e-concert by Innocent Idibia, popularly known as TuFace. Besides, the company also donated to the governments of Anambra, Lagos, Ogun, Osun, and Rivers, among others, 30,000 bottles of hand sanitizers,  distributed to  hospitals and government institutions in those states, and 60,000 bottles of its non-alcoholic beverages, Beta Malt and Grand Malt,  to support the food distribution drive by the state governments. The company’s Managing Director, Mr. Hugo Dias Rocha, in a statement,  described the donations, as based on a collaborative approach of gathering insights from the company’s communities and stakeholders. This, he explained,  enabled the company  provide tailored interventions with the greatest impact. “As an organization, we are always looking to support our local communities and are positive that our donation will assist and support the government and our communities greatly in the fight against the spread of this pandemic,” he added. While reiterating the company’s commitment to drive COVID-19 awareness among its employees and its operating environments, its Legal and Corporate Affairs Director,  Temitope Oguntokun,  expressed the belief that the company’s  longstanding commitment to its core values of Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR),  had been of immense help in this trying time. She added that, as part of its on-going collaboration against the virus, the company, through its International Breweries Foundation, is currently engaging with government and other stakeholders on the production of local face masks. “We believe this intervention will go a long way to reduce the further spread of the virus while also boosting our already challenged economy through youth entrepreneurship,” he added.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Removes NEMA DG, Names Retired Air Vice Marshal As Replacement
​President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Air Vice Marshal Muhammadu Alhaji Muhammed (retd) as the new Director-General of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to replace Mustapha Maihaja. Appointment of the new NEMA DG was announced on Saturday… Read full story N1.224trn IMF Loan: Many More Nigerians To Lose Jobs •Further increase in VAT, excise rates looms •Tougher times ahead
WITH the Federal Government accessing $3.4 billion (N1.224 trillion) loan from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) at the weekend, there are signs that Nigerians may face tougher times in order for government to fully repay the money by the end of the 2025 stipulated time… Read full story COVID-19: Ganduje Relaxes Lockdown For 12 Hours On Monday, Thursday
As part of efforts to ameliorate the hardship caused by the lockdown of the state, Kano State governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje has announced a 12-hour break on Monday and Thursday to allow residents stock-up food items and other essential commodities… Read full story Olukoya Calls For Seven Days Prayers Against Pandemic
The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM) Worldwide, Dr. Daniel Olukoya has called on all Christians and other men of faith to join in a seven-day prayer and fasting against the COVID-19 pandemic, its systems and repercussions… Read full story Nigeria Won’t Use Ebola Drug, Remdesivir, To Fight Coronavirus —NAFDAC
Director-General, National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, has said NAFDAC is not considering the use of the Ebola drug, remdesivir, for the treatment of COVID-19 in Nigeria… Read full story Three Things I Have Learnt From COVID-19 Pandemic —Ayewa
The current situation in the country is not peculiar to one person; virtually the entire world is currently feeling the heat. I was led by the Holy Spirit to do the work. I only did them within two days in my house. God gave me the inspiration and also told me that the current happenings are great signs of His second coming.. Read full story Kebbi: COVID-19 Positive Man Absconded From Isolation Centre, Died At Home —Commissioner
A man who tested positive for the coronavirus in Kebbi State had absconded from an isolation centre and subsequently died in his house, the state COVID-19 Task Force chairman, Jaafaru Mohammed has said. Mohammmed, who is also the state Commissioner for Health disclosed this in Birnin-Kebbi on Saturday… Read full story Atiku Will Be President, He Better Be Presidential
ATIKU Abubakar will be president of the federal republic except Yemi Osinbajo becomes president ahead of him, and the former Vice better start being presidential beyond his social media measured appearances like a ghost in Shakespearean theatre. If God has packaged a presidential celebration for him… Read full story Rising Debts, Little Infrastructure: Nigeria’s Economic Paradox
CRIPPLING infrastructure deficit in Nigeria has been one of the biggest challenges confronting the country over the years. This has significantly increased the cost of doing business in Nigeria and hampered both international and local investments in the country. This is despite huge borrowings by the country… Read full story Our COVID-19 Travails: How Nigerians Are Coping With Hunger, Cash Crunch
NOBODY prepared for the situation that most parts of the world are presently experiencing. Not even in anyone’s wildest imagination was it thought that the whole world would be in a lockdown for months, not least Nigerians, as it is being experienced today… Read full story Diversification: Obasanjo, Atiku Failed Nigerians ― APC
Former vice-president and People’s Democratic Party presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has courted the anger of the national leadership of the All Progressives Congress over his critique of the economy. Atiku in a statement during the week titled, How to Pull Nigeria from the Brink, has advised the… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!