Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, on Friday, flagged off the construction of four bus interchange/terminal projects, which he said was aimed at sanitising the transportation sector in the state. The four bus terminals to be sited at Iwo Road, Ife Road, Challenge and Ojoo are scheduled to be completed in 12 months. Flagging off the Iwo Road interchange, as part of events marking one year in office, Makinde said the four projects were done in giving a befitting infrastructure facelift to Ibadan and reducing travel time. He explained that Iwo road was a choice bus interchange location because it served as a central point of entry and exit in Nigeria. Upon completion, he noted that the problem of traffic jam in the different locations will be resolved, while security breaches in motor parks will thereby be efficiently tackled. Makinde assured of adequate compensation and shops reallocation for all whose structures will be demolished in the projects. Giving further details, State Commissioner for Works and Transport, Professor Raphael Afonja, said the bus terminals will have curb street trading, end congestion at motor parks and ensure the safety of commuters. Among facilities to make up the bus terminals, according to Afonja, are drivers’ lounge, eateries, ticketing offices, ATM gallery, passenger waiting hall, conveniences and shops. Before flagging off the bus interchange projects, Makinde had commissioned the rehabilitated Eleyele Dam for use. Makinde said the dam will put a check to perennial flood in Ibadan city and boost the supply of potable water to Ibadan and neighbouring communities. While assuring of the government’s commitment to regular maintenance of the dam, he urged individuals not to block the channel.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apple Music Appoints Florence Otedola (Aka) DJ Cuppy Its First Radio Show Host In Africa
The biggest company in the world, Apple Music, is launching its first radio show in Africa on Sunday and DJ Cuppy whose real name is Florence Ifeoluwa Otedola is its host. The streaming platform announced Thursday that “Africa Now Radio with Cuppy” will debut Sunday and will feature a mix of contemporary… Read full story 21 Years Of Civil Rule: Gains, Pains And Prospects
MOST Nigerians remain nostalgic about the epochal, extraordinary transformation that was heralded in the defunct Western Region of Nigeria in the First Republic under visionary and dynamic leadership. In just eight years of the pragmatic and purposeful leadership, imbued with vision, the region shocked the… Read full story Economy: Many Miles Crossed, Many Miles Lie Ahead
Politics and economy are entangled. Politics determines the economic direction while the economy determines the strength of the polity. If the economy is ailing, so will be the polity and vice versa. But the interplay between politics and the economy is choreographed by politicians… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING