AN hospitality expert has identified innovation and strategic planning as panacea for Africa to win the battle against coronavirus as well as sustaining a smooth business environment in the post-COVID-19 pandemic era. Regional Director for Africa, Minor Hotels, Mark Havercroft, who spoke to Travelpulse&MICE recently said “As lockdowns are extended around the world, including in Italy, the United Kingdom, France, India and now South Africa, businesses are working hard on strategies to ensure they are ready to hit the ground running when these are lifted, even if only in a staged manner. And the hospitality industry is among the sectors leading the field.” Havercroft warned that It is essential for hospitality businesses to be ready to jumpstart operations as soon as it is safe to do so, adding “if they are to have any hope of not only getting back to business as usual, but also of continuing with any pre COVID-19 growth proposals. “We can hazard a guess that the hospitality industry, at full capacity at least, will be among the last to resume business,” he says. “In the interim, businesses throughout the industry must work on a clear strategy so they’re ready to take advantage of every possible opportunity to resuscitate their hard-earned enterprises post lockdown wherever possible by maintaining a state of readiness to resume operations.” Giving a clear example of his portfolio, he explained that Minor Hotels is an international hotel group, encompassing the Anantara, Avani, Elewana, Oaks, NH Hotels, NH Collection, and TIVOLI brands. With more than 580 properties across 55 countries (in Asia, the Middle East, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Europe and South America), Minor Hotels continues to expand its portfolio in strategic markets. “Prior to the onset of COVID-19, Minor Hotels began expanding its footprint in Africa, with plans in motion for much more growth. The group already operates 11 hotels and 17 safari lodges on the continent with three more properties in progress. “Anantara, the group’s luxury brand, has a presence in Mauritius, Zambia and Mozambique. Avani resorts can be found in Namibia, Lesotho, Botswana, Mozambique, Seychelles and Zambia, with Avani Suites Nairobi currently scheduled to open late this year, and the Avani Bel-Ombre Mauritius Resort and Spa set on track for a 2021 launch.” Havercroft explains that Africa offers huge potential for growth in the hospitality industry, thanks to a burgeoning African business and leisure travel market with more and more people having the urge  to travel “locally” rather than the traditional overseas trip. “While much of the world is overcrowded with hospitality developments, there is still significant room for growth and expansion across Africa; stunning locations and attractions ranging from the exotic to the adventurist are in abundance. Last year alone, the African hospitality market attracted $1.8 billion in capital,” he reveals. “This can, in part, be attributed to the continent’s growing middle-class population – now more than 350 million people, and the consequent increase in potential travellers providing a bigger local market for the tourism industry.” COVID-19, however, Havercroft says has brought the hospitality industry a whole set of novel challenges to face. The industry has all but ground to a halt globally, new construction on hold, swathes of cancellations and postponements being registered, and the promotion of travel and related bookings curtailed. There are even difficulties with driving long-term bookings, considering the uncertainty around when people will be able to travel again ? or when they will feel safe to do so. In a post COVID-19 world, hospitality brands across the board will be vying for their slice of this new market of tentative travellers. Havercroft’s view is that achieving success in this unknown realm will be heavily dependent on the levels of success businesses have achieved in existing markets. “Consumer confidence will be more important than ever as travellers step out into the world after this global crisis,” stresses Havercroft. “Travellers will look for familiarity offering a sense of comfort, safety and reliability in their accommodation choices. An existing presence globally, along with an extensive record of customer satisfaction, bolsters trust.” Furthermore, Havercroft proffers that the key to successfully gaining a larger stake in the African market will lie in providing a wide range of mid-market options and varying price points in order to appeal to that expanding group of middle-class business and leisure travellers from Africa. He is frank that many challenges lay ahead and that when travel finally resumes, there will be a frantic race to attract guests and success will require innovation and originality. “Ultimately the key to long-term victory in drawing clientele in lies in a strong brand reputation and delivering consistency and quality to keep people coming back. Havercroft added”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING WHO Considers Madagascar’s COVID Organics For Clinical Observation
The World Health Organisation (WHO) is considering Madagascar’s COVID Organics for clinical observation process. The President of Madagascar, Andry Rajoelina made this known on Wednesday, saying that he and the Director-General of WHO, Tedros Ghebreyesus, had a successful interaction on COVID Organics… Read full story ‘Why Madagascar Herbal Medicine For COVID-19 May Not Be Fake’
CHAIRMAN, Research and Development Committee on the Oyo State and University of Ibadan collaboration on the development of herbal remedies for COVID-19, Professor Oluwasegun Ademowo has said that although the ‘COVID Organic’, Madagascar herbal medicine recorded its first death on Saturday… Read full story Nationwide Blackout Looms As Electricity Workers Threaten Strike
A nationwide blackout is imminent as electricity workers, under the aegis of National Union of Electricity Employees (NUEE), have vowed to down tool if the Police and other security operatives continue to lay siege at their offices across the federation as witnessed early Wednesday morning… Read full story OAU Gets Full Accreditation For Law, Dentistry, Others
The National Universities Commission (NUC) has approved the full accreditation for the faculties of Law, Dentistry, Basic Medical Sciences, Social Sciences and Science at the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife. The confirmation was made known to Tribune Online in a press release signed by the university’s Public… Read full story COVID-19: NLC Inaugurates Situation Room To Protect Jobs
The Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Kaduna branch has inaugurated a situation room in order to protect workers from losing their jobs following the outbreak of COVID-19 in the country. The state chairman, comrade Ayuba Magaji Suleiman, said the same committee was inaugurated at the national body… Read full story N7.65bn Fraud: Kalu Begins Freedom Battle June 2
The Federal High Court in Lagos has fixed June 2 to hear a motion on notice seeking the freedom from prison of Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, a former Abia State governor. The motion will be heard by Justice Mohammed Liman. Orji is serving a 12-year jail term at the Correctional Service Centre in Kuje, Abuja for looting… Read full story Buhari Sacks Uwakwe As NECO Registrar Over Corrupt Allegations
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the termination of the appointment of Prof Charles Uwakwe as the Registrar/Chief Executive of the National Examinations Council (NECO). Also, four management staff of the council were dismissed from service for various offences… Read full story Man Who Operated Illegal Bureau De Change And Swindled Customer Of N6m Jailed Seven Years
A man who operated an illegal bureau de change in Kaduna for two years and swindled a customer of his money to the tune of N6.1 million was on Wednesday jailed seven years without an option of fine. Justice Peter Mallong of the Federal High Court, Kaduna, sentenced the man, Sadiq Mustapha, to seven years… Read full story (GRAPHIC CONTENT): 60-Year-Old Kills 57-Year-Old Wife ‘For Having Affairs With Another Man’
A 60-year-old man, Yikatey Somatey, has been arrested for killing his wife at Gando near Nyanyema, a suburb of the Sawla-Tuna Kalba District of the Savannah region in Ghana after he accused her of having affairs with another man. The suspect accused his wife, Bora Bonbiatey 57, of cheating on him by having affairs… Read full story Hospitals’ Constant Rejection Of The Sick
A few days ago at the press briefing of the Presidential Task Force on Covid-19, the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, complained about the poor hospital attendance by pregnant women, nursing mothers and outpatients,as revealed by recent official statistics. Hospital visits by these categories of… Read full story Pawpaw Seeds Aid Treatment Of Cancer, Ulcer, Infections, Others —Studies
RECENT studies have proven pawpaw seeds to possess a whole lot of medicinal benefits, apart from its nutritional value. According to a 2017 study published in the Journal of Pharamacognosy and Phytochemistry, Pawpaw extracts are effective against cancer because they are rich in the enzyme, papain, which… Read full story Makinde Names Retired General, Colonel As Amotekun Chairman, Commandant
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has appointed retired General Kunle Togun and retired Colonel Olayanju Bisiriyu Olayinka as chairman and commandant of the Oyo State Security Network, codenamed Amotekun. The governor, in a statement signed by his Special Assistant (Print Media) Moses Alao, indicated that the… Read full story Rivers State Govt Relaxes Lockdown In Port Harcourt And Obio/Akpor
Rivers State Government has suspended the total lockdown on Obio/Akpor and Port Harcourt Local Government Areas for six days, with effect from Thursday, May 21, 2020. Governor Nyesom Wike stated this today in a state-wide broadcast… Read full story COVID-19: Cleaning, Disinfecting Not The Same —Experts
IS Covid-19 making you worried if you are cleaning your home enough? So far, medical advice has focused mostly on the importance of frequent washing of hands with soap and flowing water, which is said to be the most effective protection against the new disease… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING