Heavily armed men suspected to be kidnappers have kidnapped a businessman, a top local government official and his son in Makurdi and Ado local government area of Benue State. An eyewitness told our correspondent that the business tycoon in Makurdi, Chief Emmanuel Nwankwo was whisked away Saturday night by the gunmen. According to an eyewitness who does not want his name in print, the team of young men who wielded sophisticated weapons stormed the residence of the businessman located at Iyorkakor street in Makurdi around 8:30 pm. The kidnappers are yet to initiate contact with the family as at the time of filing this report. In a related development, suspected kidnappers also kidnapped the Head of Department (HOD) for Health and Human Services, Ado Local Government Council of the state, Charles Ogaba aka “Wole” and his son, Otokpa Ogaba. Tribune Online learnt that the suspected kidnappers laid ambush at a place called “Iro” about 500 metres away from the proposed Igumale cement factory and the local government secretariat. The HOD who was test-driving his Mercedes Benz alongside his son ran into the ambush after undertaking repairs on the car at about 5.00 pm on Saturday. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Kano to discharge over 2,000 quarantined Almajiris A close friend of the HOD and legal practitioner, Ochai Onazi, said that Ogaba and his two were whisked away while the family members were yet to establish contact with them. He said: “I was told that he was test-running his car after a mechanic brought it when he was abducted alongside his son who was in the car with him.” Onazi decried the rate of crime in the local government, saying that no day or week passes without a report of kidnapping or robbery. Recall that about two weeks ago, a retired banker and the spouse of the former chairman of the local government were reportedly kidnapped in the council area. Meanwhile, Benue State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Catherine Anene who confirmed the abduction of Chief Nwakwo said the command was yet to receive the report of the kidnap of the LG official and his son. “Yes, it is true. The MD EmchHoney Global Ltd, Chief Emmanuel Nwankwo was kidnapped at about 8:30 pm on Saturday at Iyorkakor Street high level area of Makurdi. No arrest yet and his abductors have not made any demand. Concerning Ado case, I am not aware of that yet,” she said.