Russian President Vladimir Putin’s spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, has been hospitalised with the coronavirus, Alzaeera reports. Kremlin spokesman, Peskov, told the Interfax news agency on Tuesday: “Yes, I’ve gotten sick. I’m being treated.” Peskov, 52, has been Putin’s spokesman since 2008 but started working him with in the early 2000s. Russians who have the virus but with light or no symptoms of illness are allowed to stay home. It was not immediately clear if Peskov’s hospitalisation reflects the gravity of his condition or was an extra precaution. Reporters from the Kremlin pool said on Twitter Peskov was last seen in public on April 30 at a meeting with Putin. It was not clear whether it means the two were in the same room, as Putin has been conducting all his meetings via teleconference in recent weeks. Since early in the outbreak, the Russian president minimised meetings and switched to holding daily video calls with Cabinet members and aides. ALSO READ: Two polytechnic staff electrocuted in Ekiti Peskov’s announcement comes just a day after Putin said Russia was successful in slowing down infections and announced easing some of the nationwide lockdown restrictions. Russia, one of the world’s worst-hit countries in terms of the number of cases, has reported more than 232,000 confirmed coronavirus infections as of Tuesday. However, its death rate remains much lower, in relative terms, than many other countries. Russia has reported more than 2,000 deaths. Hours before Putin made televised remarks Monday about ending the country’s partial economic lockdown, health officials reported a daily record of more than 11,600 new cases. Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin revealed on April 30 that he had tested positive for the virus and planned to self-isolate. Putin asked the prime minister to call him after checking into a hospital.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Afe Babalola Offers 15-Point Prescriptions For Resumption Of Schools
The Founder and Chancellor of the flourishing Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD), Aare Afe Babalola (SAN), has offered prescriptions on how the Federal Government can reopen schools and universities … Read full story 60-Year-Old Nigerian Woman Who Was A Nurse For 40 Years Dies Of Coronavirus In UK
An ‘exceptional’ mother-of-four nurse who devoted her life to terminally-ill children has become the latest healthcare worker to be killed by coronavirus in Britain, the Daily Mail of UK reported. Eyitolami Olaolorun had been a nurse for 40 years, most recently working at Wellington Hospital, a private centre in St John’s Wood… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari, APC Betrayed Almajarai, Poor Nigerians ― PDP
President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have completely betrayed almajarai and other downtrodden, poor and vulnerable Nigerians after using them to get into power in 2015, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has alleged… Read full story Unpaid Salaries: Polytechnic Staff Seek Akeredolu’s Intervention
Staff of the Rufus Giwa Polytechnic, Owo, Ondo State have called on the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu to intervene in the crisis in the institution, over the non-payment of their salaries for six months by the management of the institution… Read full story I Rejected N8m To Promote Bleaching Creams, Says Ex-Big Brother Naija Housemate, Khafi Kareem
A former housemate of reality show, Big Brother Naija, Khafi Kareem, on Monday, May 11, spoke on how she rejected the sum of N8 million for promotion of bleaching creams from a company producing them. Khafi, who had a brush with her employer, the British Metropolitan Police, for taking part in the reality show and who… Read full story The Wasting Fruits Of Benue
From time, Benue has maintained its prominence of being the food basket of the nation. It simply implies that the state is blessed with arable farmland. Aside this, it also plays host to the second largest river in the country, River Benue as well as other streams that run throughout the year, thereby providing accessible… Read full story POLITICS: Predatory Politics Is The Norm Since The Passage Of Awo —Shonibare
Apart from Chief Obafemi Awolowo’s photograph being hung in the most prominent part of the wall in the main sitting room of our home and the fact that, even at primary school (Oke- Ira Primary and Preparatory School- which was the preparatory school of St Saviour’s School, Railway Compound, Ebute- Metta)… Read full story Unity Meets Industry: How Igbajo People Built Century-Old Plank Business In Ibadan
Although Bodija timber market is the headquarters for the purchase of timber in Ibadan metropolis, the Sango market could be called a mega market in terms of size, operation and system of administration. The history of Sango timber market is the history of Igbajo community in Ibadan since the 1920s. Igbajo is ancient… Read full story Infections Of The Infectious Diseases Bill
On October 5, 2018, the National Assembly passed the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control Bill, which was assented to by the President and thus became an Act on November 8, 2018. This Act is part of the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, being an Act of the National Assembly, which is comprised of representatives of… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!