NIGERIA began a “phased and gradual” lifting of the lockdown to contain the spread of Covid-19 on May 4. This followed the announcement by President Muhammadu Buhari on April 28 that it had become imperative to ease the lockdown in Lagos, Abuja and Ogun states because many citizens had lost their livelihoods, many small business had also shut down and that no “country can afford the full impact of a sustained lockdown while awaiting the development of vaccines or cure.” The same measure has now been extended by two weeks, while the ban on inter-state movement, except by workers on essential services, remains in place. Nigeria announced its first case of Covid-19 on February 27. As of the morning of April 1, Nigeria had 140 confirmed cases and two deaths, while nine people had recovered from the disease. The president ordered the cessation of all movements in Lagos State, Ogun State and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) for an initial period of 14 days with effect from 11pm on Monday, March 30 following the steady increase of cases across the country. The lockdown was later extended for another week before it was eased on May 4.As of May 3, Nigeria had recorded 2558 confirmed casesand 2071 active cases with 393 recoveries and 87 deaths. However,by May 14,less than two weeks following the easing of the lockdown, the number of confirmed cases had spiked to 5,162 confirmed cases, 3835 active cases, with 1180 discharged cases and 167 deaths. This gives the impression that the gains of the lockdown are being reversed. The easing of the lockdown has not reduced the risk of spread. Neither can it be argued that the lockdown was effective. This situation is attributable to a number of reasons. Clearly, the lockdown was not carefully thought out, because provisions were not made for citizens who would be cash-strapped and hungry because many live from hand to mouth. Being grounded for over a month without livelihood support put many in desperate circumstances. Many could not observe the rules, especially commercial vehicle operators. The Presidential Task Force on Covid-19 (PTF) also complained of violation of inter-state movement by security agencies. Once the lockdown was eased,there was a surge in activities. This was particularly evident in the banking halls that were immediately overwhelmed by customers seeking to transact business in Lagos. Social distancing was undermined by the pressure from the precipitous number of customers seeking banking services. The huge crowds in banks would have been reduced if the economy was less dependent on cash transactions. Secondly, the organisation of the Nigerian society is simply not supportive of the kind of discipline required to ensure social distancing and the observance of other preventive protocols. The PTF has said community transmission could worsen as people stick to old ways. But there is nothing in the structure and organisation of the Nigerian society over time that disposes the citizenry to respecting rules and regulations because the rulers and public officials have been notorious for breaking the rules and regulations they have set. Worse still, there is no commitment to addressing the situation of workers in the informal sector who have lost their sources of livelihood. The federal and state governments promised palliatives such as the distribution of food items, which were never effectively delivered. The supplies were not just inadequate, they were not properly targeted. The Federal Government promised to raise the number of its cash transfer beneficiaries from 2.5 million to 3.5 million when it lacked the capacity to do so given the challenges of identification, selection and registration for such programmes within a short time. In any case, such a measure cannot be said to have targeted those who have just fallen into poverty as a result of the lockdown. Evidence from scenes from the distribution of cash generated outrage as the crowds did not observe social distancing and other preventive protocols. Nigerians have largely ignored the recommendation by governments across the country to use face masks. While we call on the government to intensify its public enlightenment programmes concerning the preventive protocols, it must recognise that the citizens cannot comply with this protocols under impossible structures and conditions. The government has not sufficiently demonstrated commitment to the welfare of the disadvantaged, the vulnerable and the poor in the society. Such citizens have no basis to trust that what is being recommended is in their best interest, especially when it directly threatens their means of livelihood. The PTF has said that the government may be forced to return to a complete lockdown if community transmission spikes. There is no doubt that the consequences of community transmission of Covid-19 are grave, but the government is not in a position to enforce a lockdown. We expect it to continually refine the guidelines that would limit the prospect of community transmission while also guaranteeing the right to economic survival by the citizenry.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: Notorious Oyo Company Produces 19 New Positive Cases
A company in Ibadan again, on Monday, produced 19 COVID-19 cases after producing 30 on Saturday and eight on Sunday. It has, thus, produced a total of 57 COVID-19 positive cases. The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, disclosed this in a statement on Monday… Read full story We Won’t Relax Ban On Religious Gatherings For Now Despite Pressures, Says Makinde
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, on Monday said despite pressures from various clerics on the state government to relax ban on religious gatherings over the coronavirus pandemic, the government has no plan for now to relax the ban. According to the governor, based on the expert advice which indicated that transmission… Read full story Infectious Disease Bill: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Denies $10m Bribery Allegation In Nigeria
Country Director of Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in Nigeria, Dr Paulin Basinga, on Monday, denied allegations over the $10 million bribe purportedly given to the leadership of Nigeria’s House of Representatives. Dr Basinga stated this at the opening of the investigative hearing held at the instance of the Special Ad-hoc… Read full story Why We Didn’t Disclose Name Of Company In Ibadan Where 38 Staff Contracted COVID-19—Makinde
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has given reasons the name of the company where 38 staff member contracted coronavirus has not been disclosed. On Saturday, the governor announced that 30 members of an unnamed company in the South West area of Ibadan contracted coronavirus while on Monday, he disclosed… Read full story How People Can Boost Immune System Against COVID-19—Makinde
Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday, listed some plants that residents of the state could consume to help boost their immune system against contracting the virus. Speaking at the Government House, Ibadan, Makinde said that people could boost their immune system against the virus by consuming… Read full story COVID-19: Ekiti Residents, Authorities Worry Over Insecurity Amid Lockdown
No doubt, the battle against the coronavirus pandemic has remained the crux of major discourses across the globe and Ekiti State in particular in the last three months. Among the measures put in place in the state to curb the spread of the virus is the restriction of movement declared by the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi… Read full story Reps To Partner Governors’ Forum To Produce Widely Acceptable Infectious Diseases Bill ― Gbajabiamila
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday reiterated the readiness of the House to partner Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) in the bid to produce a satisfactory Control of Infectious Diseases Bill for the citizens…. Read full story EDITORIAL: Almajiri And Violation Of Lockdown Order
AS a rule, pandemics put social and political relations of the affected society under a magnifying glass, and Covid-19 has been no different. In Nigeria, it has revivified knotty social questions around unemployment, education, and youth alienation,the Almajiri conundrum being a perfect encapsulation… Read full story Fake News Is Damaging Credibility Of COVID-19 Response, PTF Laments
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) has lamented the negative impact of fake news on its work, saying that fake news is damaging the credibility of the nation’s COVID-19 response. The National Coordinator of PTF, Dr Sani Aliyu, while speaking during the daily briefing on Monday said the impact of fake… Read full story Oshiomhole Outsmarts APC Governors As Bulama Emerges National Secretary
National chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has finally consolidated his grip on the party national secretariat. Waziri Bulama from Borno State was on Monday sworn in as acting… Read full story Danjuma Visits Aso Villa, Keeps Mum After Meeting With Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday met behind closed doors with former Defence Minister, General T. Y. Danjuma, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that the agenda of the meeting between the president and the visiting elder statesman, whose last visit to the State… Read full story First COVID-19 Vaccine Tested In US, Shows Promise In Data From Eight People
Moderna Inc’s (MRNA.O) experimental COVID-19 vaccine, the first to be tested in the United States, produced protective antibodies in a small group of healthy volunteers, according to very early data released by the biotech company on Monday, Reuters report… Read full story Trump Says He’s Taking Hydroxychloroquine To Prevent Coronavirus Symptoms
President Donald Trump of the United States revealed to reporters on Monday he’s taking the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine in an effort to prevent getting coronavirus, saying he’s been taking a pill every day for about a week and a half, according to a Fox News report… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING