A chieftain of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and former senatorial candidate for Lagos West in 2015 election, Segun Adewale, has raised an alarm again over a plot to impose new party officials in the state without any election, warning that the party leaders must immediately wade in and put a stop to such to avert another crisis within the fold. Adewale gave this warning in a petition he forwarded to the national chairman of the party, Prince Uche Secondus, accusing some forces which he did not name of trying to force the hands of the state chairman, Deji Doherty, to effect such imposition. According to Adewale, who noted that Lagos is too strategic for the party to be “embroiled in too many factionalism and crisis at this time,” said forces were pushing him to foist certain individuals to occupy Lagos Mainland, and Lagos West senatorial chairmanship posts respectively, without regard to the constitutional requirements, declaring that Section 47(6) of the constitution demanded for an election for replacement for peace to reign. The party chieftain affirmed that the PDP constitution was clear over this matter, arguing that it was insistence on such requirement that by party faithful who fought gallantly, risking their lives, against the known tradition of excos name writing and imposition that led to Doherty’s emergence as the state chairman. Adewale, therefore, charged him to adhere to the constitutional provisions, and he should not allow some elements for their selfish interests jeopardise his tenure, warning that doing otherwise would spell the doom of the party in the state. “I am calling on all the leaders of the party in the state, the Ben Obi-led Reconciliation Committee, zonal and national leaders to wade in now before it is too late. Lagos is too strategic for our party for it to be embroiled in too many factionalism and crisis at this time,” Adewale said. “Some of us have spent our time, resources and commitment, to build this party, we won’t ever allow anyone to toy with the destiny of several hard-working members, who have also been toiling day and night for the party, and will do whatever it takes to stop anyone planning to sabotage or result to self-help in Lagos PDP,” he said. Reacting, Lagos PDP chairman, Doherty, debunked the claim made by Otunba Adewale, describing the allegation as not only false but weird. Doherty, who spoke with the Nigerian Tribune on telephone, pointed out that nobody had taken up the vacant positions yet as those seats cannot be filled except by elections as prescribed in the party’s constitution states. He disclosed that the entire state was yet to meet over the matter. This was as he recalled that he recently told Adewale that the party was not yet prepared to fill the vacant seats when he (Adewale) met him to signify his intention to run for Lagos West Senatorial chairmanship seat. “I don’t even know what he is talking about because we have not met concerning this issue, so I don’t know what he is talking about, you understand. “I am going to call him because he called me that he wants to take part, that he wants to run for Lagos West Senatorial chairmanship seat, and I told him it was not yet time that we have not gotten to that stage. This kind of thing is very wrong and very weird. “There is no problem, nobody has taken the positions, the positions cannot be filled except by what the constitution states, you understand. “We have not met over the matter. We have not taken any position on it, nothing has happened. So if anything is going to happen, you understand, the entire state will take the decision and would do the election and whoever wins, would fill the position. If he wins, that is if he is going to participate, then he will become the vice chairman,” Doherty said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING P&ID: US Judge Grants Nigeria’s Request To Access Ex-President Jonathan, Diezani’s Bank Records
A New York Federal Judge, lorna Schofield has granted Nigeria’s request for a subpoena on 10 United States banks for information to prosecute government officials allegedly connected to the Process and Industrial Development (P&ID) alleged bribery scheme and subsequent $9.6 billion claims… Read full story COVID-19: Nigerians Recycling Face Masks From Dumpsites ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic has raised an alarm over the practice of some Nigerians picking face masks from dumpsites to recycle and sell. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who warned on this during the task force… Read full story [PROFILE]: Who Is Professor Ibrahim Gambari, President Buhari’s New Chief Of Staff?
On Tuesday, May 12, there was an official statement that Professor Ibrahim Gambari would succeed the late Abba Kyari as Chief of Staff (CoS) to President Muhammadu Buhari. The official announcement according to the Presidency will be made on Wednesday during the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting… Read full story Reps Tackle FG For Using Foreign Airline To Evacuate Nigerians Abroad
The House of Representatives on Tuesday kicked against the Federal Government’s decision to engage foreign airlines in evacuating Nigerians stranded in abroad. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Mohammed Shamsudeen Bello and eight others… Read full story Reps Unhappy Over Mysterious Deaths In Jigawa •Ask FG to halt evacuation of COVID-19 patients to states of origin
The House of Representatives on Tuesday solicited for Federal Government’s intervention to urgently establish at least five testing centres in Jigawa State as part of efforts geared toward ending the mysterious deaths in the state. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by… Read full story We Tested 111 For Coronavirus In Kogi, They All Returned Negative, Says Govt
Kogi State government said on Tuesday said that 111 persons it tested for coronavirus returned negative. The state Commissioner for Information and Communication Strategy, Mr Kingsley Fanwo, made the disclosure in a statement in Lokoja, the state capital… Read full story Bandits Killed 15, Injured Five During Kaduna Attack ― Police
At least, 15 people have been killed by bandits in the recent attack on Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State police command. The incident was said to have occurred in the early hours of Tuesday when gunmen invaded the community… Read full story Another COVID-19 Patient Delivered Of Baby Boy At LUTH
A team of doctors, anaesthetists and nurses at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), Idi-Araba, delivered another woman, 37, with coronavirus of a baby boy weighing. Professor Wasiu Adeyemo, Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee (CMAC) of LUTH, disclosed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria… Read full story 32-Year-Old Man Who ‘Recently Returned From Dubai’ Dies Of Coronavirus In Lagos
The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, says a 32-year-old man who recently returned from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, with severe underlying health conditions, died of coronavirus on Tuesday. Abayomi confirmed the death of the man, whose identity was not revealed… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos State Releases Additional Guidelines For Reopened Commercial, Industrial, Institutional And Recreational Facilities
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Lagos State Government on Tuesday issued additional guidelines for the operations of all the commercial, industrial, institutional and recreational facilities that have just been recently unlocked in the state. According to a statement by the state Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources… Read full story Senate Demands Prompt Action From Security Agencies Over Banditry In North
The Senate on Tuesday asked the relevant security agencies to take firm and prompt actions against the resurgence of banditry in the country. The lawmakers also demanded full implementation of the recommendations of the Ad-Hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For The Port Harcourt Three
DURING these perilous times when Nigerians are daily confronted with hunger and pain, with waves of joblessness and privations surging since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic, some felons are still at their beastly best, perpetrating horrendous and blood-curdling crimes… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!