National chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has finally consolidated his grip on the party national secretariat. Waziri Bulama from Borno State was on Monday sworn in as acting national secretary of the party. His choice and that of the immediate past Oyo State governor, Isiaka Ajimobi, as deputy national chairman South, have been trailed by protests from the governors. Waziri took the oath of office on Monday at the party national secretariat. In attendance at the event were the Borno State governor, Babagana Umara Zulum and his Gombe State counterpart, Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya. Bulama is the choice of his home state governor, Babagana Zulum. The Yobe State governor, who incidentally was the immediate past occupant of the office and has maintained that his replacement for the office must come from his state, stayed away from the event. The North-East zonal chairman, Salihu Mustapha was, however, in attendance. Recall that the Ekiti state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi had since kicked against the choice of former Oyo State governor, Senator Isiaka Ajimobi as a replacement for Chief Niyi Adebayo, the erstwhile deputy national chairman South. The Ekiti state governor has said only a zonal congress could produce a replacement for Adebayo even as he maintained that the position was zoned to Ekiti State. Governor Fayemi insisted on Gbenga Aluko, the choice of Ekiti State chapter as a replacement for Adebayo. Before the swearing-in ceremony, Comrade Oshiomhole said the event enjoyed the blessing of the Yobe State governor, Mala Buni. The APC chairman who recently survived impeachment plot instigated by the governors, said the “party had a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari, Governor of Yobe and also consulted other stakeholders of the party who came to a conclusion that Waziri Bulama should be admitted as the acting National Secretary of the party pending the ratification by the National Convention.” Oshiomhole said Bulama would assume the office in an acting capacity, pending his ratification by the zonal convention. The Gombe State governor, Mohammed Inuwa said the choice of Bulama would add value to the administration of the party. He said:” I am very happy that it ended this way. It took some time for us to have this replacement but what is more important is that at the end of the day, we are able to come to a resolution and the new national secretary has been sworn in today. “We hope he will work with other leaders and consolidate on the gains of the party. I know Architect Buluma in the last 40 years. I know that he is a person of impeccable character, a person that you can vouch for and is very hardworking. He knows what to do. In fact, he has already started doing that trying to work and carry everybody along so that APC could deliver on its mandate and that is what he going to do.” The new national secretary who lauded the contributions of the party founding fathers admitted that the ruling party was heavily fractured.  He promised to restore unity in the party.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on… Read full story Lagos Considers Full Reopening Of Economy
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said on Sunday that the state government is considering full re-opening of the critical sectors of its economy, but quickly noted that the move would not be pushed in a hurry. The governor gave this indication while at a briefing after the State’s Security Council meeting held at the… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Agboola Gambari’s Burning Grass
What should Nigeria expect from you as Chief of Staff?”: “I don’t report directly to the nation; I report to the president.” “What should he (the president) expect from you? What can you assure him?” “I think you should ask the president. I give him my loyalty, competence and support.” “What will be your guiding principle as Chief of Staff?”… Read more COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force… Read full story COVID-19: Ganduje, Deputy, Political Office Holders’ Salaries Cut By Half
Kano State governor Abdullahi Ganduje, his deputy, all commissioners and other political office holders from the month of May would receive half salary due to COVID-19 pandemic challenges on the state’s… Read full story Israel’s Netanyahu Sworn In As Head Of Long-Awaited Unity Government
Israel’s parliament has sworn in a new government led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his former rival Benny Gantz, ending the longest political crisis in the country’s history, Aljazeera reports. After more than 500 days without a stable government and three inconclusive elections, lawmakers in the… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Infectious Diseases Bill
THE spontaneous anger triggered by the bill titled Infectious Diseases Control Bill 2020 has subsisted because of the resolve by the leadership of the House of Representatives to stick to its gun on the matter. The bill is being sponsored by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamilla; Pascal Obi, the chairman, House Committee on… Read full story Buhari Receives PTF Report On COVID-19 Containment Effort
President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday received a report from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the COVID-19 pandemic on the effort at the containment of its spread. The task force led by its chairman and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, met the president at his… Read full story WHO To Kick Off International Meet Amid US-China Tensions
The World Health Organization will on Monday kick off its first-ever virtual assembly, but fears abound that US-China tensions could derail the strong action needed to address the COVID-19 crisis. The World Health Assembly, which has been trimmed from the usual three weeks to just two days, Monday and Tuesday… Read full story The Coming Anti-Christ And The Africans
This is an imaginary essay. But it fits in with the economic, geopolitical and spiritual realities of our world today. By a dream-vision, I was taken to the Infernal Kingdom where I beheld Satan sitting on his throne with glittering pomp. The powers and principalities were paying obeisance to him, prostrate on the ground… Read full story How Businesses Can Thrive During Peak And Trough
Business never follows a linear path. Rather, business runs in cycles; boom and bust, peak and trough, good and bad, great and tough. However, irrespective of the cycle in which a business finds itself, the stakeholders’ expectations remain unchanged – value must be delivered to them; customers expect quality… Read full story Speaking Against Evil Is Not An Act Of Disobedience
What is good becomes bad, when it is done at the wrong time. Also, it is good to be hushed and silent, but when you are silent and still when you are to speak out, silence becomes bad. Sleep is good, but when done at the wrong time, it becomes bad. It is good to rest at home, but when you rest at home at the wrong time… Read full story Leadership: Lessons Along The Way – 2
In the course of fulfilling your life assignment, many people will be engaged in the process, for good or for ill. You will be making the greatest mistake of your life by assuming that just because people gleefully got involved with what you are doing translates to their being committed to you. Those who are committed to… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING