Ile Tuntun Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, recently dissolved the 10-year-old wedlock between a couple, Dauda Oladepo and Kafilat Oladepo. Dauda who dragged his wife to court stated that Kafilat was adulterous and had no respect for any one. The plaintiff added that the defendant abandoned all her duties in the home and took to fighting him at every given opportunity. Dauda told the court he was no longer interested in staying in their marriage. He thus appealed to the court to end their relationship and grant him custody of their two children. Kafilat failed to come to court despite being served a court summon twice and also a court hearing twice. “My wife has failed to place worth or value on our marriage. She disregards our marital vow to be faithful to each other. Kafilat behaves like a dog; she lives an adulterous lifestyle and jumps from one bed to another. “I no longer trust my wife and I fear she can kill me as a result of her indecent lifestyle. “I have counseled her times without number to desist from her wayward ways but she turned a deaf ear to me. “Kafilat has no shame. Rather than be sober, what she does is to fight me. “Our family members have made efforts in settling our differences on several occasions but she has refused peace to reign. “My wife abandoned her duties in the home; she remained adamant even when I called her attention to this. “I took up the responsibility of our children’s welfare since Kafilat refused to be committed to it. “I saw to it on daily basis that our children were well fed and were good to look at. “I also saw to their education and paid their school fees at when due. “Kafilat has never shown interest in our children’s education. She cared less if they did well in their studies. “My lord, I never withhold my responsibilities towards her despite her neglect of me and our children. I still provided for her needs thinking that she would one day come back to her senses. “But my lord, to my chagrin,  Kalifat abandoned me. I returned one day from work to discover she had moved her property out of my house. “I reported her to my parents and hers. Every effort made by our families to make her return to me has failed. “My lord, I have decided I want to move on with my life. I, therefore, pray this honourable court to separate us and grant me custody of our two children. “I also pray the court to restrain her from coming to embarrass or fight me in my house or work place, “the plaintiff stated. Giving his judgment after hearing the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Olasunkanmi Agbaje, stated that the defendant’s disregard for the court order was an indication that she was also no more interested in their marriage and was therefore not willing to save it. Ruling, Agbaje dissolved their marriage. He handed custody of the children to the defendant putting their ages into consideration and ordered the plaintiff to be responsible for their education and health care among other things. Dauda was asked to pay the sum of N10,000 monthly as their feeding allowance. Both parties were advised to maintain peace while a copy of the judgment was asked to be served the defendant.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING FG Plans Staggered Re-Opening Of Schools
THE Federal Government has revealed that it may stagger re-opening of schools across the country as it plans to roll out comprehensive measures for safety. Minster of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, made this known on Wednesday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19: Longest Viability Period Of Virus In Patient Is 10 Days — NCDC
The longest viability period of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) patient would be 10 days, according to a new study by infectious diseases experts in Singapore. The Director-General of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, disclosed this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) media… Read full story Cold: Why You Must Test For COVID-19 At Once
WHEN the coronavirus pandemic first emerged, public health officials told the world to watch out for its telltale symptoms: fever, dry cough and shortness of breath. But as the virus spread across the globe, researchers are getting a better understanding of how these symptoms: headache, chill or sore throat… Read full story CBN Governor, Investors And Parallel Market
THE virtual meeting that the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele, had with investors last week where he pleaded with them to stop patronising black market operators for dollar purchases leaves much to be desired. Mr Emefiele had, at the meeting, stated: “We have seen your accounts… Read full story
COVID-19: 8,000 Workers Sacked In Anambra
About 8,000 staff members of a waste management company in Anambra State have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  This is coming as states have locked down their boundaries to stop the spread of the COVID-19.  Managing Director, Redivivus Industries Ltd., Mr Emeka Ajekwu, who… Read full story The World Of A Child With Autism
AGNES is five years old but is yet to speak in a meaningful way. She tends to use a limited number of words and often uses ‘you’ when she means to refer to herself, and then uses ‘I’ when referencing others.  Unlike the older two children of the family, Agnes is often pre-occupied with her own world, playing alone and does… Read full story What Passengers Should Expect Upon Flight Resumption —FAAN
AHEAD of resumption of flights at various airports across the country, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has announced that it has put arrangements in place regarding passenger facilitation and what to expect. Speaking during an aviation webinar organised by Women in Aviation (WIA), Nigeria, with… Read full story May 29: Buhari Betrayed Underprivileged Nigerians ― PDP
The opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has said that President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration has deserted, betrayed and abandoned underprivileged Nigerians. According to the Party, the President should note that the level of despondency he has bequeathed the nation in the last five years of his… Read full story CBN Reduces Interest Rates On Microfinance, Mortgage Bank Facilities From 9% To 5%
Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has reduced interest rates on its facilities through participating Other Financial Institutions (OFIs) from 9 per cent to 5 per cent per annum for one year effective March 1, 2020. This is part of efforts to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus on households… Read full story Why Amotekun Will Fail In 5 States ― Alao-Akala
Former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Wednesday said the joint security network code-named Amotekun recently launched by the South-West governors would fail in five states. He said the appointment of retired military officers as directors-general of Amotekun corps in those states except… Read full story ‘Infant Formulas On Sale In Nigeria, High In Arsenic, Toxic Substance’
INFANT formulas sold in Nigeria are useful alternatives to breast milk in many circumstances but may pose health risks to infants and children due to contamination by potentially toxic metals, a study has said.  In the study published in the 2020 Sultan Qaboos University Medical Journal, scientists tested different brands of … Read full story Lagos Announces Plan To Replace Okada, Tricycle By July 
Lagos State government has announced plans to replace banned Okada and tricycle with First Mile and Last Mile (FMLM) mobility solution. The transportation commissioner, Frederick Oladeinde made this known at the 2020 ministerial press briefing held in Lagos… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING