The Military High Command on Sunday disclosed that the Troops of 146 Battalion deployed in Bonny Island last week raided and destroyed an identified pirates/militants hideout in Arugbanama Community in Bonny Local Government Area of Rivers State and killed two of the armed bandits. This was contained in a statement made available to Tribune Online in Abuja on Sunday by the Coordinator Defence Media Operations DMO Major General John Enenche. According to the statement, during the operation, the gallant troops exchanged fire with the militants/pirates resulting in the neutralization of 2 of the criminals as well as recovery of a large cache of arms and ammunition. The items recovered from the bandits include one AK 47 Rifle, one Pump Action Rifle, one Pistol, seven AK 47 Rifle magazines, one Pistol magazine, one round of 7.62mm NATO ammunition, 102 rounds of 7.62mm Special ammunition, 3 rounds of 9mm ball ammunition, one live cartridge, one camouflage uniform, one headgear, one-speed boat and Four 85 Horse Power engines. ALSO READ: Military to start major operation against Katsina bandits ― Presidency It added that similarly, in the early hours of 12 May this year, troops of 3 Battalion (Rear) while on routine patrol arrested a suspected criminal named Stephen Eboje along Warri-Sapele Road in Uvwie LGA of Delta State and recovered one AK 47 Rifle from the suspect. It stated that while commending the gallant Troops for their resilience, courage and dedication to the noble cause of defending the nation’s Territorial integrity against the criminal elements, the Military High Command charged the general public to continue to provide credible information to Armed Forces of Nigeria on criminality in their environment. The Conversations On Agboola Gambari
IF credentials and academic certificates/laurels approximated excellence, by now, applauses to President Muhammadu Buhari for his choice of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as the successor to the late Abba Kyari as his Chief of Staff should be reaching their crescendo. Rather, the high-caliber diplomat and academic… Read full story We Are In Support Of Yoruba, Biafra Admission Into UNPO —Middle Belt President
The national president, Middle Belt Forum, Dr Bitrus Pogu, in this interview with ISAAC SHOBAYO, speaks on the admission of the Biafra and the Yoruba nations by the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO) as its members and the controversies trailing the recognition, especially in the northern… Read full story ‘Why Doctrines Of Christian Denominations Differ’
Professor David Irefin, a professor at the Federal University, Lokoja, Kogi State, is also an archbishop of Brotherhood of Cross and Star. In this interview, he speaks about the difference between his church and other denominations. YEKINI JIMOH brings excerpts… Read full story Can Gambari Change @75?
PROFESSOR Ibrahim Agboola Gambari is one of the most dangerous public servants Nigeria has seen on the local and international scenes for about four decades now. As he was officially announced as new Chief of Staff to the President on Wednesday, I called a global diplomat with great concern for Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story What Marriage Has Done To My Life —Adekunle Gold
Popular alternative singer, Adekunle Gold may have travelled around the world, performed at some the biggest stages across Europe, including the 02 Arena, and emerged one of the most sought after Nigerian music stars. He may have had plenty of successes recorded in the last five years since he broke into the Nigerian… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE