The West African Gas Pipeline Company Limited (WAPCo) said it has invested over $2.6million (N988,000,000.00) in the past seven years in form of scholarship program for tertiary institutions and skill acquisition programs for those interested in learning a skill among its host communities. According to the Managing Director of WAPCo, Mr. Gregory Germani, the past months have clearly shown how much of a village the world is now, for a virus to travel about 10,000 kilometres and have as much effect on the world as the COVID-19 virus has. Represented by Deputy Manager, External Relations, West African Gas Pipeline Company Limited, Mr Temitope Sodeinde, Germani said “Having seen the general lack of protective equipment and medical supplies for medical personnel around the world, WAPCo felt it necessary to extend a hand of fellowship by supporting the Lagos State and Ogun State governments with a few needed materials. “We are, however, grateful for the leadership that has been provided to curb the spread of this menace, especially by the Ogun State Government, through the Incident Commander, Governor, Dapo Abiodun, and his lieutenants.” He said as partners in progress, WAPCo had invested a lot in the development of communities within which it works. “So far we have invested $2.6million over the last seven year in schools, hospitals, and water supply points built by WAPCo to foster good neighbourliness. We launched the Livelihood Program, which enables children from within our areas of operation to have access to education. This is either in the form of a scholarship program for tertiary institutions and a skill acquisition program for those interested in learning a skill. “Today, our communities can boast of first class graduates in Medicine, Engineering and the likes, as well as proud business owners who are daily improving on their outputs in response to the daily need for artisans in our society. Today, we are here, not only as representatives of the West African Gas Pipeline Company Limited, but also as a part of humanity,” he said. Receiving the donated PPE and other medical equipment on behalf of Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, Commissioner for Health, Dr. Tomi Coker, thanked the management of WAPCo Limited for donating PPE and vital medical items to Ogun State in fight against COVID-19 pandemic. “On behalf of His Excellency, Governor Dapo Abiodun, I thank you for these donations. The PPE and other medical items donated came at the appropriate time when our health workers who are at the frontline are constantly exposed. We do know that over 40 of them have been infected and we in Ogun State are very proactive in ensuring that hopefully none of our frontline officers get exposed or found themselves in that situation. “So with this, you are actually partners in progress in ensuring that we protect our frontline workers and we will make judicious use of the PPE and other medical items which you have presented to us. So once again, thank you very much and please give our regards to other senior executives of WAPCo,” she said. WAPCo owns and operates the West African Gas Pipeline, a 678km pipeline that transports natural gas from Nigeria to the West African Region in a safe and reliable manner. It has a metering station in Ota, Ogun State and a Compressor Station in Badagry, Lagos. Between these two locations in Nigeria, WAPCo owns a 57km Right of Way that runs through more than 50 major communities.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Clarence Peters Invited For Questioning Over Dancer, Kodak’s Death
Popular video director, Clarence Peters, Tribune Online gathered, has been invited for questioning by the Lagos State Police Command, over the death of dancer, Love Divine, popularly known as Kodak, who was electrocuted in his studio. Kodak, who is a popular dancer within the Nigerian music scene, allegedly died of… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Death And Dying Emirs
DYING is nothing; choosing the right time to die, if we can, means a whole lot. This coronavirus season is a very wrong time to go – undisturbed. You die now, you leave importunate questions blowing in the air. The Emir of Kaura-Namoda in Zamfara State died on Sunday morning. Was he a victim of COVID-19, the current… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Kano Mass Deaths
AMID the ongoing efforts to contain the coronavirus pandemic in the country, a strange cloud has enveloped Kano State. In the last three weeks, the state has witnessed massive deaths of people in very controversial circumstances. The deaths first became public knowledge following the release of a video clip… Read full story JAMB Remits N3.5 Billion To FG For 2020
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has made an interim remittance of N3.5 billion to the Federal Government consolidated account for 2020. This is in addition to more than N3.5 billion paid to candidates as reduction of cost of ePIN as directed by President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story CBN, Bankers’ Committee Suspend Lay-Offs In Banks
A special meeting of the Bankers’ Committee was convened on Saturday, to further review the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Nigerian banking industry a statement from Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) disclosed on Sunday… Read full story Court Shuts Church Indefinitely In Abuja Over Lockdown Violation, As Pastor, Others Evade Arrest
A mobile court sitting in Jabi, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, on Sunday, ordered for an indefinite closure of The Shekinah Glory Church, located opposite the popular Citec Estate, Jabi, for violating lockdown… Read full story COVID-19: 50 Almajiris From Kano Brought To Kaduna Tested Positive ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has said that 15 more almajiris that were brought from Kano to Kaduna have tested positive for COVID-19. This was even as he confirmed that the number of almajiris tested… Read full story Remdesivir: What The NAFDAC DG Said
In a report entitled “COVID-19: We are not likely to use Ebola drug for patients — NAFDAC” published in the Sunday Tribune edition, we quoted the Director-General of National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, as saying that remdesivir, the drug approved by… Read full story Abducted Twins Of Oyo Cleric, Akeugbagold, Released After £100,000 Ransom Negotiation
After eight days of dwelling in the bush with their abductors, the twins of former Chairman of the Oyo State Pilgrims Welfare Board (Muslim wing), Taofeek Akeugbagold were released at about 5.30 am on Sunday. The twins were picked near the bush at around Mufutau Laninhun College of Education area on the Lagos-Ibadan… Read full story Leading With Presence — 2
COVID-19 has changed the world and the way we do things. The changes it has brought upon humanity will be our new norm for some time to come. It is as if it was what the world needed to remind us that the only constant thing about life is change. Social distancing means we make less physical contacts… Read full story Things That Won’t Change Post COVID-19 (Part 3)
This is the third piece I am penning on this life-changing subject that has started helping a lot of people in Nigeria and beyond. So far, I have written on three non-negotiable values that will not change post COVID-19: vision, loyalty and confidentiality. The fourth value I am writing on is that of assiduousness and… Read full story Reflections On The Post-Coronavirus International Economic Order
THE novel coronavirus pandemic has been the biggest global economic shock since the 1929 Wall Street Crash. In fact, its ramifications might be even bigger, given that, unlike the 1929 crash, our world is today an integrated global marketplace… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!