THESE are indeed terrible times. The times call to mind heartless acts recorded in the Holy Book wherein mothers connived with one another to kill and eat their offspring for want of food. Nigerians cannot but wonder what would make a mother to connive with her husband to kill her own son after bearing the brunt of carrying the pregnancy for nine months and then bringing him to life. But that was what reportedly happened in Ogun State recently. Policemen in Abegi, Ogun State, arrested a herbalist, Lajuwon Ogunleye, his friend, Fatai Sefiu and his wife, Adetutu Apalaya, for conspiracy and murder of her seven-year -old son, Pelumi, for ritual purposes. The boy obviously was fathered by an earlier husband. According to reports, the boy, hitherto hale and hearty, suddenly slumped and died on the spot. The herbalist, with the aid of his friend and the mother, picked up the body and headed into the forest. Unknown to them, they were being followed by neighbours who later called the attention of the police to the mysterious burial. How could a father and mother make it their responsibility to bury their own son when they should be in deep mourning? What would their kith and kin be doing at such a time? The swift manner in which the body was interred aroused the neighbours’ suspicion. And as it turned out, their fears were justified. The body of the boy was found decapitated and buried in an upright position, further confirming that there was something creepy about the whole episode. According to DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ogun State, “On interrogation, the second suspect, Fatai Sefiu, told detectives that the boy was actually used for rituals by the stepfather (Ogunleye) in connivance with the deceased boy’s mother. He stated further that the couple had reached a conclusion before he was co-opted into the business.” Truth be told, this incident is a reflection of the constantly declining morality and values in the Nigerian society. To say the least, the incident runs contrary to the cultural values that the Yoruba, and indeed all Nigerians, hold very dear. Pray, what level of poverty would push a couple to use their own son for rituals? Why did the mother not offer herself to be so used if she was so in love with her husband that she could not deny him anything he asked of her? We cannot overstate the point that the country requires a radical overturning of its ethos and values. The craze for financial gratification has seized a large segment of the society, such that norms can no longer be taken for granted. This is alarming. Leaders at political, traditional and religious levels must lead the journey towards national soul searching and re-emphasise cultural and social practices that elevate the shared humanity of Nigerians. The flaunting of ill-gotten wealth, especially by the country’s political leaders, is a constant source of discouragement to hard-working youths who have yet make a headway in their various endeavours. If many in the society continue to see leaders flaunting wealth without obvious labour, the country will continue to witness horrendous crimes. This, if left unchecked, would lead to the total collapse of the society. Indeed, religious leaders should encourage those giving testimonies of gargantuan financial breakthroughs to actually explain how these ‘miracles’ happened. This is to reinforce the fact that legitimate living is obtainable only through hard work and devotion to duty, persistence and perseverance in working for what is good. It is ridiculous that Nigerians do not match their expansive religiousity with moral rectitude. Yet part of the reasons religious institutions exist is to build morally upright, hard-working and law-abiding members of society. We commend the neighbours of Lajuwon Ogunleye and Adetutu Apalaya for their watchfulness, and for inviting law enforcement agents to investigate the case without taking the law into their own hands, as some may have done out of emotions in similar situations. That is the way to go.  The couple and their accomplice must be made to face the full wrath of the law to serve as a deterrent to others who may be similarly minded to seek short-cuts to wealth. The point must be made in very clear terms that the Nigerian society would tolerate no short-cuts to wealth.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING MONDAY LINES: Almajirai’s Expedition To The South
COVID-19 may be composing a requiem for Nigeria. Or do you sincerely think the country would be the same again if the North’s unhealthy conducts explode in unimaginable deaths as is gradually evolving before our very eyes? The South’s zest for life or what the French call joie de vivre, won’t let them allow the … Read full story CACOVID, NCDC To Support Oyo Govt On Coronavirus Battle With N350 Million
The Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) are set to donate the combined sum of N350 million to support Oyo State’s containment efforts against COVID-19. The State’s Commissioner for Finance, Mr. Akinola Ojo and a member of the COVID-19 Task Force… Read full story Forex Repatriation: Emefiele Assures Investors Of Investment Safety
The Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele, has assured investors of the security of their investments in the country despite dwindling revenue from the sale of crude oil globally. Speaking at the weekend in Abuja, Mr Emefiele said investors interested in repatriating their funds from the country… Read full story Coronavirus Or Not, African Migrants Desperately Push On In The Desert Towards Europe
Many Africans are managing to evade coronavirus lockdown barriers in Niger, the Sahel’s migrant crossroads, as they press on with their perilous desert trek to the Mediterranean Sea and ultimately Europe. The migrant flow has slowed down but not dried up despite tight checks in the capital Niamey, and an increase of desert… Read full story COVID-19: Bauchi Locks Down Three LGAs To Check Community Transmission
Bauchi State Government has declared a total lockdown of three LGAs of Giade, Katagum and Zaki as a measure to curtail community transmission of COVID-19 pandemic in the state. The total lockdown which takes effect from Tuesday, May 12, 2020 is for an initial 10 days to monitor how the situation will be controlled… Read full story Woman, Three Men Arrested For Allegedly Torturing Her 16-Year-Old Housemaid To Death Over Theft Of N2,000
A woman and three men were on Sunday arrested by men of the Lagos State Police Command following the torture to death of the woman’s housemaid over allegation of theft of the woman’s N2,000. According to reports from the state police command, the woman, Shade Moke, brought in three men to torture her housemaid… Read full story Oyo Speaker In The Eye Of The Storm
IN recent weeks, the Speaker of the Oyo State House of Assembly, Honourable Adebo Ogundoyin, has been in the eye of the storm. Just as the nation began battling COVID-19, so did some caucuses in the Assembly began to scheme against the leadership of the state legislative for alleged lack of transparency in running affairs… Read full story Leaders And Limits Of Sentiments
Leaders sometimes run into troubled waters as a consequence of their failure to see issues as they really are. When leaders have a wrong perception of an issue, the issue will be wrongly diagnosed, wrong solutions will be prescribed and wrong results will be achieved. Leaders who fail to see issues as they are actually see… Read full story Managing The Economy After The Pandemic
Last week, a Citizen Dialogue event was hosted by the Ministry of Finance, Planning and Budget to examine the fallouts from Covid-19 and the implications for the budget and management of the economy. The outcomes from that exercise seem to have passed largely unnoticed by the informed public. I have always taken the… Read full story Leadership: Lessons I Learnt Along The Way
A very dear friend who has followed my work for a while asked me recently at what point in my life I decided to focus on leadership development and practice. I found it a little difficult to answer at first because even though there were certain landmark experiences that reinforced and helped to properly crystallize what I had… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!