A Federal High Court in Lagos State, on Friday, ordered final forfeiture to the Federal Government of N426.7 million belonging to a retired Brigadier-General in the Nigerian Army, John Ozigi. Justice Muslim Hassan gave the order following a motion on notice seeking final forfeiture of the sum. The application was filed by counsel to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Nkereuwem Anana. Joined as respondents in the suit are: John Ozigi and a firm named Diamond Head Ventures and Dev. Company Ltd. Justice Hassan had earlier issued an interim order for forfeiture of the sum, following an ex parte application filed by the EFCC. Hassan had then ordered interested parties to appear and show cause why the interim orders should not be made permanent. The EFCC, in March, argued its application for final forfeiture of the sum on grounds that they were reasonably suspected to be proceeds of unalwful activities. The court had then adjourned the case until April 6 for judgement. Following the disruptions in the system due to COVID-19 pandemic, judgment could not be delivered and counsels were informed of a new date, May 8. In his judgment Hassan granted the motion for final forfeiture as prayed by the EFCC. In the suit, numbered FHC/L/CS/1094/18, the anti-graft agency had prayed for an order for final forefeiture to the Federal Government the total sum of N426.7 million found in the account of the respondent. According to the commission, the sum is reasonably suspected to be crime proceeds. EFCC in its affidavit deposed to by an operative of the commission, Mr Clever Ibrahim, had told the court that the first respondent was a public officer with a monthly salary estimate of N750,000. He said that intelligence revealed that the total sum found in the account of the company linked to the first respondent were not legitimate sources of income. He added that when the first respondent was confronted with respect to the sum in the account he made a statement to the commission. He said that in the said statement, the respondent had indicated willingness to refund the money to the federal government, adding that the said statement was attached as EXHIBH EFCC 3. He had argued that the order if made, would serve the course of justice as same was sought in good faith and in accordance with the Oaths Act.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Fears Spread As North-West Records More Deaths
A huge harvest of deaths in North West states is spreading fear across other states in the country as COVID-19 continues its ravage. Reports from Jigawa, Sokoto, Zamfara, Katsina and Kano states have continued to reveal daily unexplained deaths in scores, fuelling fears that COVID-19 might be responsible for many of them… Read full story Travel Ban: ‘Infiltrators Will Be Sent Back Home, Won’t Be Allowed To Escape’ •Afenifere, Akintoye react •Human-animal transportation: Meat consumers in great danger —Health experts
THE security situation in Lagos State is reportedly being reviewed following the incessant influx of youths from the Northern part of the country into the state, despite the ban on inter-state movement, with the police saying they have designed new ways of stopping the violators… Read full story Another 42 Coronavirus Patients Discharged After Testing Negative In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday announced that 42 more coronavirus patients have been discharged from various isolation centres in the state, saying the patients comprised 22 males and 20 females, all Nigerians… Read full story Supreme Court Judgment Has Strengthened My Faith In Nigeria, Says Senator Kalu
Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, whose conviction for alleged financial sleaze was quashed by the apex court on Friday has said the judgment has strengthened his faith in the country and its judicial system. Senator Kalu in a statement he personally signed said the events of the past five months has enriched… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING