A man who allegedly inflicted multiple wounds on his wife’s head with an axe for denying him s^^x is in trouble with the law in Ghana, Daily Graphic of Ghana has reported. The man, Victus Kuudiyiri, 35, a security man, has been remanded in prison custody in Wa, while the wife has been sent to the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital (KATH) in Kumasi for medical attention. He was charged with attempted murder and the docket on the case forwarded to the Attorney-General’s Department for advice. Kuudiyiri, whose plea was not taken when he appeared before Mr Sydney Braimah of the Wa Magistrates’ Court, is to appear again on May 20. According to the prosecutor, Sergeant Ali Katebor, Kuudiyiri, who did not like the idea of his wife denying him s^^x, locked her up for several hours in their apartment on May 1, this year. He said not satisfied with that act, Kuudiyiri again picked up a quarrel with the wife and when a misunderstanding ensued between them, he picked up an axe and hit the woman’s head with it. He said the woman became unconscious and realising what he had done, Kuudiyiri took to his heels. Sergeant Katebor said the couple’s 10-year-old son, who witnessed the act, picked up her mother’s mobile phone and called her aunt, who went to the scene and rushed the unconscious victim to the Wa Government Hospital. He said because of the gravity of the injury, she was rushed to KATH. According to the prosecutor, three days later, Kuudiyiri reported himself to the Wa Police and was consequently arrested.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Fears Spread As North-West Records More Deaths
A huge harvest of deaths in North West states is spreading fear across other states in the country as COVID-19 continues its ravage. Reports from Jigawa, Sokoto, Zamfara, Katsina and Kano states have continued to reveal daily unexplained deaths in scores, fuelling fears that COVID-19 might be responsible for many of them… Read full story Travel Ban: ‘Infiltrators Will Be Sent Back Home, Won’t Be Allowed To Escape’ •Afenifere, Akintoye react •Human-animal transportation: Meat consumers in great danger —Health experts
THE security situation in Lagos State is reportedly being reviewed following the incessant influx of youths from the Northern part of the country into the state, despite the ban on inter-state movement, with the police saying they have designed new ways of stopping the violators… Read full story Another 42 Coronavirus Patients Discharged After Testing Negative In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday announced that 42 more coronavirus patients have been discharged from various isolation centres in the state, saying the patients comprised 22 males and 20 females, all Nigerians… Read full story Supreme Court Judgment Has Strengthened My Faith In Nigeria, Says Senator Kalu
Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, whose conviction for alleged financial sleaze was quashed by the apex court on Friday has said the judgment has strengthened his faith in the country and its judicial system. Senator Kalu in a statement he personally signed said the events of the past five months has enriched… Read full story How Awo Would Have Tackled Nigeria’s Current Crises —Associates •Adebanjo, Akintoye, Okurounmu speak on 33 years without sage
AS family, friends, associates and Nigerians worldwide mark 33 years of the transition of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, today, some of his associates have looked at the current travails the country faces, declaring that an Awo leadership would have made a positive difference… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!