Foremost private sector tourism industry practitioner, Chief Mike Amachree, has said his private Museum of African History and Culture in Port Harcourt, Rivers State  will unveil a section of the museum dedicated to trail-blazing women that have made meaningful contributions to the political, social  and economic development of Nigeria. This will take place after the current COVID-19 pandemic. He said this was part of his museum’s effort to not only immortalise these women but also make sure their contributions to Nigerian society are continually captured for posterity. Amachree said “Women play a major role in societal advancement and development. Throughout Nigerian history, from the past to the present, women have played very important roles. “In our museum, we are dedicating a section to capture the contributions of these great women to Nigerian, indeed African history and civilisation.  We will display their photographs and a brief history and achievements. “The women we intend to exhibit at the museum include: Queen Amina, Princess Moremi Ajasoro, Madam Tinubu, Mrs Margaret Ekpo, Queen Idia, Hajia Gambo Sawaba, Nwanyereuwa, Mrs Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti and many others. Queen Amina was a Hausa warrior queen of the ancient city of Zaria (Zazzau) in Kaduna State. She ruled in the mid-sixteenth century.  She was the first female monarch in a male dominated Hausa society.  She was a skilled warrior that expanded her kingdom. She was said not have steady husband but took temporary husbands from the soldiers she defeated. Moremi Ajasoro was a member by marriage to the royal family of Ooni Oduduwa, the progenitor of the Yoruba race.  It was at a time a neighbouring tribe called Igbo was always invading Ile-Ife dressed in raffia palms. The Igbo people were enslaving the Yorubas. Moremi Ajasoro had to offer anything she had as sacrifice to the gods to discover the strength of her nation’s enemies. She was taken as a slave by the Igbo and, due to her beauty; she got married to their ruler as his queen. After a while there she had known every secret about her new husband’s army, she then escaped to Ile-Ife and revealed this to Ooni Oduduwa after which they were able to subsequently defeat the Igbos in battle. Queen Idia was the mother of Oba Esigie, the Oba of Benin who ruled from 1504 to 1550. She played a very significant role in the rise and reign of her son, being described as a great warrior who fought relentlessly before and during her son’s reign as the king of the Benin kingdom. Madam Efunroye Tinubu was a shrewd and ambitious Nigerian business woman with enormous economic  and political power across Western Africa and in Abeokuta and Lagos. She was born around 1805 in the Yoruba town of Abeokuta in Western Nigeria. She was an ambitious business tycoon popular in Western Africa and a powerful political voice in Western Nigeria. Madam Tinubu was born in the early 1800’s in Abeokuta where she married her first husband with whom she had two sons. After the death of her first husband she remarried Adele, an exiled king of Lagos in 1833. This paved way for her to acquire economic and political power. She moved to Badagry where she fully utilized her husband’s connections to build a successful business empire trading salt and tobacco from the Europeans in exchange for slaves from Abeokuta. “Chief Margaret Ekpo was a Nigerian women’s rights activist and social mobilizer who was a pioneering female politician in the country’s First Republic and a leading member of a class of traditional Nigerian women activists. She rallied women beyond notions of ethnic solidarity. “Madam Nwanyereuwa was the catalyst that led to the famous Aba Women’s Riots of 1929. She was from a community called Oloko, now in Abia State. The warrant chief, Okugo, had sent his representative Mark Emereuwa on 18 November 1929, to conduct the census for the tax. The altercations between her and the warrant chief’s representative snowballed into the Aba Women’s Riot of 1929. “Chief Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti was a Nigerian educator, political campaigner and women’s rights activist. She was imprisoned in 1947 for protesting against unfair treatment of women.  She and her followers also led the charge to remove a corrupt local leader. She was also the first Nigerian woman to drive a car. Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti was the mother of Afro-beat legend, Fela Anikulapo-Kuti. “Hajia Gambo Sawaba was a Nigerian women’s rights activist, politician and philanthropist. She served as the deputy chairman of Great Nigeria People’s Party (GNPP) and was elected leader of the national women’s wing of Northern Element Progressive Union (NEPU). “Chief Amachree, who has travelled round the 36 states of Nigeria for tourism research, said more women will be added as time goes on.”    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING WHO Considers Madagascar’s COVID Organics For Clinical Observation
The World Health Organisation (WHO) is considering Madagascar’s COVID Organics for clinical observation process. The President of Madagascar, Andry Rajoelina made this known on Wednesday, saying that he and the Director-General of WHO, Tedros Ghebreyesus, had a successful interaction on COVID Organics… Read full story ‘Why Madagascar Herbal Medicine For COVID-19 May Not Be Fake’
CHAIRMAN, Research and Development Committee on the Oyo State and University of Ibadan collaboration on the development of herbal remedies for COVID-19, Professor Oluwasegun Ademowo has said that although the ‘COVID Organic’, Madagascar herbal medicine recorded its first death on Saturday… Read full story Nationwide Blackout Looms As Electricity Workers Threaten Strike
A nationwide blackout is imminent as electricity workers, under the aegis of National Union of Electricity Employees (NUEE), have vowed to down tool if the Police and other security operatives continue to lay siege at their offices across the federation as witnessed early Wednesday morning… Read full story OAU Gets Full Accreditation For Law, Dentistry, Others
The National Universities Commission (NUC) has approved the full accreditation for the faculties of Law, Dentistry, Basic Medical Sciences, Social Sciences and Science at the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife. The confirmation was made known to Tribune Online in a press release signed by the university’s Public… Read full story COVID-19: NLC Inaugurates Situation Room To Protect Jobs
The Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Kaduna branch has inaugurated a situation room in order to protect workers from losing their jobs following the outbreak of COVID-19 in the country. The state chairman, comrade Ayuba Magaji Suleiman, said the same committee was inaugurated at the national body… Read full story N7.65bn Fraud: Kalu Begins Freedom Battle June 2
The Federal High Court in Lagos has fixed June 2 to hear a motion on notice seeking the freedom from prison of Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, a former Abia State governor. The motion will be heard by Justice Mohammed Liman. Orji is serving a 12-year jail term at the Correctional Service Centre in Kuje, Abuja for looting… Read full story Buhari Sacks Uwakwe As NECO Registrar Over Corrupt Allegations
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the termination of the appointment of Prof Charles Uwakwe as the Registrar/Chief Executive of the National Examinations Council (NECO). Also, four management staff of the council were dismissed from service for various offences… Read full story Man Who Operated Illegal Bureau De Change And Swindled Customer Of N6m Jailed Seven Years
A man who operated an illegal bureau de change in Kaduna for two years and swindled a customer of his money to the tune of N6.1 million was on Wednesday jailed seven years without an option of fine. Justice Peter Mallong of the Federal High Court, Kaduna, sentenced the man, Sadiq Mustapha, to seven years… Read full story (GRAPHIC CONTENT): 60-Year-Old Kills 57-Year-Old Wife ‘For Having Affairs With Another Man’
A 60-year-old man, Yikatey Somatey, has been arrested for killing his wife at Gando near Nyanyema, a suburb of the Sawla-Tuna Kalba District of the Savannah region in Ghana after he accused her of having affairs with another man. The suspect accused his wife, Bora Bonbiatey 57, of cheating on him by having affairs… Read full story Hospitals’ Constant Rejection Of The Sick
A few days ago at the press briefing of the Presidential Task Force on Covid-19, the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, complained about the poor hospital attendance by pregnant women, nursing mothers and outpatients,as revealed by recent official statistics. Hospital visits by these categories of… Read full story Pawpaw Seeds Aid Treatment Of Cancer, Ulcer, Infections, Others —Studies
RECENT studies have proven pawpaw seeds to possess a whole lot of medicinal benefits, apart from its nutritional value. According to a 2017 study published in the Journal of Pharamacognosy and Phytochemistry, Pawpaw extracts are effective against cancer because they are rich in the enzyme, papain, which… Read full story Makinde Names Retired General, Colonel As Amotekun Chairman, Commandant
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has appointed retired General Kunle Togun and retired Colonel Olayanju Bisiriyu Olayinka as chairman and commandant of the Oyo State Security Network, codenamed Amotekun. The governor, in a statement signed by his Special Assistant (Print Media) Moses Alao, indicated that the… Read full story Rivers State Govt Relaxes Lockdown In Port Harcourt And Obio/Akpor
Rivers State Government has suspended the total lockdown on Obio/Akpor and Port Harcourt Local Government Areas for six days, with effect from Thursday, May 21, 2020. Governor Nyesom Wike stated this today in a state-wide broadcast… Read full story COVID-19: Cleaning, Disinfecting Not The Same —Experts
IS Covid-19 making you worried if you are cleaning your home enough? So far, medical advice has focused mostly on the importance of frequent washing of hands with soap and flowing water, which is said to be the most effective protection against the new disease… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING