Leading financial services provider, First City Monument Bank (FCMB), has continued to blaze the trail with innovative and value-added offerings to boost the productivity and overall performance of businesses. The latest is an initiative tagged, “Top-5-In-5”, a digital video knowledge sharing and capacity building series designed to give Small and Medium Scale Enterprises (SMEs) practical insight into different areas of business to inspire them to operate optimally and successfully. FCMB indicated that the “Top 5-in-5” initiative is one more way it aims to add value to Nigerian SMEs and ensure they can truly #ThriveWithFCMB. In a statement, the Bank explained that the series will run for an initial period of 7 weeks, with a new episode released every week. Each episode will feature accomplished thought leaders and experts across diverse areas of business who will deliver 5 quality tips in 5 minutes, to help SMEs explore solutions to specific challenges or pain-points. The impressive line-up of experts showcased in the series includes Bisi Adeyemi, Managing Director of DCSL Corporate Services Limited; Kelvin Balogun, Senior Partner at Verraki Partners; Aramide Abe, CEO/Founder Naija Startups and Bukola Smith, Executive Director, Business Development, FCMB. Other thought leaders are Yomi Badejo-Okusanya, Managing Director, CMC Connect; Omotolani Tayo-Oshikoya, Chief Operating Officer, TISV Digital and James Ilori, Managing Director, FCMB Asset Management. Some of the topics are, Building A Sustainable Business that Outlives You; Differentiating Your Business Through Innovation and Raising Funds For Your Business. Other topics include Making Your Network Work For Your Business; Growing A Thriving Side Hustle and Diversifying Your Investment Income. The videos and other information on the series, including a section that offers viewers the opportunity to download useful resources, can be accessed on https://top5.fcmb.com/. Despite the challenges of the environment, particularly the COVID-19 pandemic, FCMB has remained resilient and has sustained the tempo of its support to businesses. As the number one Bank for SMEs in Nigeria, the financial institution has championed and executed several initiatives in this regard, thereby enhancing customer experience. Among these are series of free online trainings, capacity building and empowerment programmes. For instance, in April FCMB organised a BEST Masterclass Webinar on “Turning Challenges Posed By COVID-19 Into Opportunities”. In addition, the Bank has organised various webinars in partnership with the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the most recent of which held on Tuesday, May 12 with the theme “Adjusting Your Business Plan During Crisis”. FCMB has also gone further to support borrowing business customers by providing payment moratoria (loan repayment holiday) during this period to ensure that they can survive, pay their workers and remain in business. These bespoke offerings and solutions from FCMB are geared towards ensuring that businesses are well equipped to overcome challenges and thrive in a sustainable manner. Visit https://top5.fcmb.com/ for more information.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria Running Out Of Foreign Exchange Amid Oil Price Collapse —Ex-US Ambassador, Campbell
THE fall in international oil prices is having a devastating impact on Nigeria’s formal economy, a former United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr John Campbell, has said. Campbell, in a blog posted on the website of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), a United States think tank with specialisation in foreign policy and… Read full story FG To Submit List Of School Feeding Vendors To EFCC ― Minister
The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said the list of all participating vendors in the modified School Feeding Programme will be submitted to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… Read full story NAFDAC Harps On Need To Promote Local Manufacturers
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has restated the need for Nigeria to promote local manufacturing sector. The Director-General of the NAFDAC, Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye, made this assertion at a news conference to commemorate the launch of palliatives for Micro, Small and… Read full story 79-Year-Old Retired Nigerian Doctor, Wife Die Of Coronavirus In UK 10 Days Apart
Dr James Oniah, from Onitsha, Anambra State who was a retired radiologist, succumbed to coronavirus on April 24 while his wife, Mary Oniah, from Zambia, passed away from the virus on May 4. They both died at King George Hospital in Ilford, East London leaving behind three children as well as other family members… Read full story Real Reasons The Buhari Cabal Picked Gambari As Chief Of Staff
Few appointments have generated as much excitement— and entranced the imagination of Nigerians— as the appointment of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff. The Emir of Ilorin thanked Buhari for it even though there is no record of him publicly thanking Olusegun Obasanjo… Read full story