President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed his commitment to end the insecurity in parts of the country by deploying resources necessary to tackle the menace. He gave this assertion at the meeting of the National Security Council he presided over at the presidential villa, Abuja on Thursday. The National Security Adviser (NSA), Major General Babangana Monguno, disclosed the president’s disposition while briefing State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, saying that the council received a comprehensive brief by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation and Chairman of presidential Taskforce in COVID-19. He said the brief included the gains made so far, areas of concern, areas which need to be addressed as well as making projections for the next couple of weeks. Monguno said the brief highlighted the current situation in areas that need urgent attention and possible solutions. ALSO READ: 2 drown in Kano community while bathing in pond Also speaking on his submission to the council, the NSA said it centred on the insurgency in the northeast, armed banditry and emergence of new groups, as well as kidnappings which have been on the increase in recent times. He stated: “I, as the national security adviser, presented a couple of memos to the council in relation to the current security challenges faced by Nigeria and of course these are issues that revolve around the insurgency in the northeast, armed banditry and emergence of all kinds of groups that are not essentially bonafide. “I also highlighted other issues that are related to the problems of kidnapping which we noticed has been on the increase in recent times. But the most important thing is that I stressed to the council that there is a need for collective action not just for the security agencies but by all ministries, departments and agencies of governments, civil societies organizations and all non-governmental Organisations within Nigeria. We, of course, know that we are all firmly within the cross heirs of all kinds of criminal elements trying to undermine national security. “Mr President noted all the issues raised and of course in due time he will be able to address these issues. “Arising from this meeting, I will like to assure all Nigerians that Mr President is fully on board, he is committed to doing whatever is necessary to reduce the spate of violence and insecurity in the country. “He is also committed to spending whatever resources he has at his disposal to bring to a quick end to all the issues affecting Nigerians and bringing a lot of sorrows to Nigerians. That is the most important takeaway from today’s meeting. “Mr President’s reassurance that issues are being addressed and that he will redouble his effort in ensuring that the primary responsibility of government which is to ensure the safety of lives and property is realized.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: 950 More Nigerian Children Under Five Could Die Daily Without Urgent Action ― UNICEF
It has been observed that unless urgent actions are taken, an additional 950 Nigerian children, mostly under-five years, could die daily from preventable causes over the next six months as the COVID-19 pandemic disrupts routine services and threatens to weaken the health system… Read full story WHO Warns Coronavirus May Never Go Away As Toll Nears 300,000
The coronavirus may never go away and populations will have to learn to live with it just as they have HIV, the World Health Organization has warned, as the global death toll from the disease nears 300,000. There were also gloomy forecasts from the US Federal Reserve, which said prolonged shutdowns to stem… Read full story COVID-19: When Eye Glasses Become Important
SCIENTISTS are still deep in the research process of uncovering all the ways in which COVID-19 can be transmitted. Now, in a new study, researchers at the University of Hong Kong have found eyes are ‘important route’ for coronavirus. The findings are challenging the widely held assumption in the earliest stages of the… Read full story Why We Rejected Zoom Meeting With FG —ASUU President
The president of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, has explained why the union refused to hold meeting via Zoom platform with the Federal Government’s representatives, saying such meeting would not yield any tangible result as it would be difficult to control… Read full story How 13 Members Of Crime Group, Shila Boys, Landed In Adamawa Police Net
Thirteen members of a crime group in Adamawa State known as Shila Boys were on Wednesday, May 13, paraded after they were arrested for attacking residents of the state. The newly-established Task Force to fight against crime in the state arrested the 13 members and recovered weapons as well as tricycles… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!