THE Catfish and Allied Fish Farmers Association of Nigeria (CAFFAN), has distributed smoked catfish as COVID-19 palliatives in support of government’s fight against the pandemic. The association made the donations to some states in the  country. The beneficiary states include: Lagos, Oyo and Rivers as well as the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. National president of CAFFAN, Mr. Oloye Rotimi, flagged-off the  distribution of the smoked fish to the Oyo State government at the Oyo State secretariat, Ibadan. The CAFFAN national president said the gesture was to support the government in the provision of palliatives to Nigerians in order to cushion the effect of the coronavirus pandemic. Oloye said: “We are here today to answer the clarion call of the president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, calling for support from organisations and individuals to support the government in provision of palliatives that can be used to alleviate the sufferings of the less privileged in this period of COVID-19 pandemic.” He further emphasised that the distribution of the smoked catfish was very important at this crucial time, stressing that it is one of the veritable sources of animal protein with complete profile of essential amino acids necessary for body building, rapid cell replication and development of the body’s immune system. While calling on the Federal government and state governments to include home-grown fish as part of items for distribution to all vulnerable and less-privileged Nigerians, Oloye noted that home-grown fish helps in building immune systems that fight against the ravaging effects of diseases. “Home-grown fish is a mandatory food item in every home, especially now that various diseases and infections appear to challenge our health and well-being.” he said. The CAFFAN president, however, said that the beneficiaries of the CAFFAN Initiative in their respective states would appreciate the quality of the home-grown and processed fish, provided by its members across the country. The FCT chapter of CAFFAN, led by its Chairman, Alhaji Hassan Mundu, donated the smoked catfish to the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) at the Kuchingoro Kaura Camp, Abuja. He pointed out that the humanitarian gesture was designed to promote fish as a source of protein to complement carbohydrates and other classes of food. In a similar vein, the CAFFAN Rivers State Chapter distributed processed catfish to the Rivers State Government as palliative to the less-privileged and vulnerable people in the state.The donation of the smoked catfish to the Rivers State Government was made at the government warehouse/cold room for collections of relief materials. According to the Rivers State CAFFAN Chairman, Elder Clapton Ogolo, the donation was aimed at ameliorating the sufferings of the less-privileged people due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the state. CAFFAN, Rivers State Chapter also presented its post COVID-19 plan; while it also entered into a partnership with the government to provide a minimum of 500,000 juveniles to its members at highly subsidised rates, toenable them continue their farming business during and after the COVID-19 pandemic. The presentation of the Lagos leg of the CAFFAN donation was held at the Lagos State Agricultural Development Authority. The Lagos State chapter of the donation was led by Mrs. NuratAtoba, Chairperson of the Lagos State Chapter. According to CAFFAN, government at all levels should harness the economic value inherent in aquaculture for better yieldsand a means of diversification of the economy from its over reliance on crude oil.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on… Read full story Lagos Considers Full Reopening Of Economy
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said on Sunday that the state government is considering full re-opening of the critical sectors of its economy, but quickly noted that the move would not be pushed in a hurry. The governor gave this indication while at a briefing after the State’s Security Council meeting held at the… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Agboola Gambari’s Burning Grass
What should Nigeria expect from you as Chief of Staff?”: “I don’t report directly to the nation; I report to the president.” “What should he (the president) expect from you? What can you assure him?” “I think you should ask the president. I give him my loyalty, competence and support.” “What will be your guiding principle as Chief of Staff?”… Read more COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force… Read full story COVID-19: Ganduje, Deputy, Political Office Holders’ Salaries Cut By Half
Kano State governor Abdullahi Ganduje, his deputy, all commissioners and other political office holders from the month of May would receive half salary due to COVID-19 pandemic challenges on the state’s… Read full story Israel’s Netanyahu Sworn In As Head Of Long-Awaited Unity Government
Israel’s parliament has sworn in a new government led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his former rival Benny Gantz, ending the longest political crisis in the country’s history, Aljazeera reports. After more than 500 days without a stable government and three inconclusive elections, lawmakers in the… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Infectious Diseases Bill
THE spontaneous anger triggered by the bill titled Infectious Diseases Control Bill 2020 has subsisted because of the resolve by the leadership of the House of Representatives to stick to its gun on the matter. The bill is being sponsored by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamilla; Pascal Obi, the chairman, House Committee on… Read full story Buhari Receives PTF Report On COVID-19 Containment Effort
President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday received a report from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the COVID-19 pandemic on the effort at the containment of its spread. The task force led by its chairman and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, met the president at his… Read full story WHO To Kick Off International Meet Amid US-China Tensions
The World Health Organization will on Monday kick off its first-ever virtual assembly, but fears abound that US-China tensions could derail the strong action needed to address the COVID-19 crisis. The World Health Assembly, which has been trimmed from the usual three weeks to just two days, Monday and Tuesday… Read full story The Coming Anti-Christ And The Africans
This is an imaginary essay. But it fits in with the economic, geopolitical and spiritual realities of our world today. By a dream-vision, I was taken to the Infernal Kingdom where I beheld Satan sitting on his throne with glittering pomp. The powers and principalities were paying obeisance to him, prostrate on the ground… Read full story How Businesses Can Thrive During Peak And Trough
Business never follows a linear path. Rather, business runs in cycles; boom and bust, peak and trough, good and bad, great and tough. However, irrespective of the cycle in which a business finds itself, the stakeholders’ expectations remain unchanged – value must be delivered to them; customers expect quality… Read full story Speaking Against Evil Is Not An Act Of Disobedience
What is good becomes bad, when it is done at the wrong time. Also, it is good to be hushed and silent, but when you are silent and still when you are to speak out, silence becomes bad. Sleep is good, but when done at the wrong time, it becomes bad. It is good to rest at home, but when you rest at home at the wrong time… Read full story Leadership: Lessons Along The Way – 2
In the course of fulfilling your life assignment, many people will be engaged in the process, for good or for ill. You will be making the greatest mistake of your life by assuming that just because people gleefully got involved with what you are doing translates to their being committed to you. Those who are committed to… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING