Industry operators have been urged to remain optimistic during the global pandemic as oil price volatility reigns unabated in the global crude market. Speaking during an interview on CNN’s First Move with Julia Chatterley, the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Oando Energy Resources (OER), Dr. Alex ‘Ainoje’ Irune, said “what we (operators) must do is stay optimistic. I know for most oil producers currently, there are costs that as independents, we have very little control over, so if I break down that operating cost for you, there is a 20-40 per cent that sits out of our control in terminal fees, transportation fees for crude, we have very little control over that. “As independents, our human resource, our payroll, operations largely is where we look to make those cuts and of course the capital side. We are seeing an uptick in the price, we are seeing the decision by Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to cut 10 million barrels per day; they have taken that huge step. But more importantly, the government is stepping in to ensure that independents like ourselves are engaged in conversations to ensure that process of survival, which is indeed a process for us, unknown as well, is managed jointly, to see that it takes the least amount of time to see a recovery.” When asked what does this moment mean and these low oil prices mean for the decisions to make as a business, Dr. Irune said further that as a business, “we took a pragmatic approach to hedge our barrels ahead of this, so I will speak to a larger group of independent producers who today at a price of about $25 or $20 per barrel, that is potentially 60-70 per cent of our production and that is sub economic. So that gives you an idea of where we are from a bottom line perspective. We have taken the right steps, we believe, and are encouraged by the government to take those huge decisions. “The cuts have come in on the capital expenditure side and of course on the operating expenditure side. We are looking aggressively on bringing those budgets down. We all had commitments at the start of the year but the world has changed.” On the impact of low oil prices and organisational response to COVID-19, Dr. Irune explained that organisations have stepped forward and take on the challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic. “Look, the industry at large, Russia and Saudi Arabia accelerated potentially what could have been a more manageable situation at this point, but we are where we are. We have made the sacrifices and taken the decisions, but what we have seenis the likes of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporationb (NNPC) leading us as partners, putting in about $40 million and more into that basket. We have seen a larger group of banks and other institutions come in, and for us the key is this, the effective spend and distribution of those funds through the palliative measures we have all set out to push to the needy and the most vulnerable, because that is really what this is about. “Yes, COVID will go and we will deal with those issues, but there will be casualties after we have dealt with the pandemic and a lasting solution our company for one has taken a step to create an aggregator platform to combine donors and last minute solutions so NGOs and boots on the ground. We are encouraging people to come in and donate so we can disperse this money and get it to those that really need it. It has been an amazing showing by the private sector.”    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: Notorious Oyo Company Produces 19 New Positive Cases
A company in Ibadan again, on Monday, produced 19 COVID-19 cases after producing 30 on Saturday and eight on Sunday. It has, thus, produced a total of 57 COVID-19 positive cases. The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, disclosed this in a statement on Monday… Read full story We Won’t Relax Ban On Religious Gatherings For Now Despite Pressures, Says Makinde
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, on Monday said despite pressures from various clerics on the state government to relax ban on religious gatherings over the coronavirus pandemic, the government has no plan for now to relax the ban. According to the governor, based on the expert advice which indicated that transmission… Read full story Infectious Disease Bill: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Denies $10m Bribery Allegation In Nigeria
Country Director of Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in Nigeria, Dr Paulin Basinga, on Monday, denied allegations over the $10 million bribe purportedly given to the leadership of Nigeria’s House of Representatives. Dr Basinga stated this at the opening of the investigative hearing held at the instance of the Special Ad-hoc… Read full story Why We Didn’t Disclose Name Of Company In Ibadan Where 38 Staff Contracted COVID-19—Makinde
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has given reasons the name of the company where 38 staff member contracted coronavirus has not been disclosed. On Saturday, the governor announced that 30 members of an unnamed company in the South West area of Ibadan contracted coronavirus while on Monday, he disclosed… Read full story How People Can Boost Immune System Against COVID-19—Makinde
Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday, listed some plants that residents of the state could consume to help boost their immune system against contracting the virus. Speaking at the Government House, Ibadan, Makinde said that people could boost their immune system against the virus by consuming… Read full story COVID-19: Ekiti Residents, Authorities Worry Over Insecurity Amid Lockdown
No doubt, the battle against the coronavirus pandemic has remained the crux of major discourses across the globe and Ekiti State in particular in the last three months. Among the measures put in place in the state to curb the spread of the virus is the restriction of movement declared by the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi… Read full story Reps To Partner Governors’ Forum To Produce Widely Acceptable Infectious Diseases Bill ― Gbajabiamila
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday reiterated the readiness of the House to partner Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) in the bid to produce a satisfactory Control of Infectious Diseases Bill for the citizens…. Read full story EDITORIAL: Almajiri And Violation Of Lockdown Order
AS a rule, pandemics put social and political relations of the affected society under a magnifying glass, and Covid-19 has been no different. In Nigeria, it has revivified knotty social questions around unemployment, education, and youth alienation,the Almajiri conundrum being a perfect encapsulation… Read full story Fake News Is Damaging Credibility Of COVID-19 Response, PTF Laments
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) has lamented the negative impact of fake news on its work, saying that fake news is damaging the credibility of the nation’s COVID-19 response. The National Coordinator of PTF, Dr Sani Aliyu, while speaking during the daily briefing on Monday said the impact of fake… Read full story Oshiomhole Outsmarts APC Governors As Bulama Emerges National Secretary
National chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has finally consolidated his grip on the party national secretariat. Waziri Bulama from Borno State was on Monday sworn in as acting… Read full story Danjuma Visits Aso Villa, Keeps Mum After Meeting With Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday met behind closed doors with former Defence Minister, General T. Y. Danjuma, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that the agenda of the meeting between the president and the visiting elder statesman, whose last visit to the State… Read full story First COVID-19 Vaccine Tested In US, Shows Promise In Data From Eight People
Moderna Inc’s (MRNA.O) experimental COVID-19 vaccine, the first to be tested in the United States, produced protective antibodies in a small group of healthy volunteers, according to very early data released by the biotech company on Monday, Reuters report… Read full story Trump Says He’s Taking Hydroxychloroquine To Prevent Coronavirus Symptoms
President Donald Trump of the United States revealed to reporters on Monday he’s taking the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine in an effort to prevent getting coronavirus, saying he’s been taking a pill every day for about a week and a half, according to a Fox News report… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING